<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230922_10-K_edgar_data_1748137_0001683168-23-006642.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2859708</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>161075</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>710430</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>614428</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>602415</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>711765</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-006642.hdr.sgml : 20230922
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230922170025
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-006642
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		49
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230922
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230922

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NeoVolta Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001748137
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS ELECTRICAL MACHINERY, EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [3690]
		IRS NUMBER:				825299263
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41447
		FILM NUMBER:		231272344

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13651 DANIELSON STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE A
		CITY:			POWAY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92064
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-364-5464

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13651 DANIELSON STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE A
		CITY:			POWAY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92064

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NeoVolta, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20220613

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NeoVolta Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180725

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-006642.txt : 20230922

10-K
 1
 neovolta_i10k-063023.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C., 20549 

FORM 

 ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the year ended , 2023 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT
PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission File Number:

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction 
 of incorporation) 

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 
 , 

(Address of principal 
 executive offices) 
 
 (zip code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol (s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

The Stock Market LLC 

The Stock Market LLC 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. YES 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter periods as the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (check one) 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404 (b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262 (b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared
or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act,
indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to
previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are
restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers
during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). YES 

The aggregate market value of the registrant s
voting equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the price at which the common stock was last sold as
of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was million. In determining the
market value of the voting equity held by non-affiliates, securities of the registrant beneficially owned by directors, officers and 10 
or greater shareholders of the registrant have been excluded. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination
for other purposes. 

The number of shares of the registrant s
common stock outstanding as of September 22, 2023 was . 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions of this registrant s definitive
proxy statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after the end of the registrant s
fiscal year are incorporated herein by reference in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 1 
 
 PART I 
 2 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 2 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 9 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 20 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 20 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 20 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 20 
 
 PART II 
 21 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 21 
 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 21 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 21 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISKS 
 24 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 25 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 38 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 38 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION . 
 38 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS . 
 38 
 
 PART III 
 39 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 39 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 39 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 39 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 40 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 40 
 
 PART IV 
 41 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 41 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY . 
 42 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K (this Report contains certain statements that constitute forward-looking statements , including within
the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act. The words believe, may, 
 will, potentially, estimate, continue, anticipate, intend, 
 could, would, project, plan, expect and the negative and plural
forms of these words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying
such statements. Those statements appear in this Report, particularly in the sections titled Business, Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Risk Factors, and include statements
regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of the Company and management that are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and assumptions. 

Forward-looking statements
include, but are not limited to, statements about: 

our ability to obtain additional funding to develop and market
our products; 

the need to obtain regulatory approval of our products in the
states in which we operate or expect to operate in the future; 

our ability to market our products; 

market acceptance of our products; 

competition from existing products or new products that may emerge; 

potential product liability claims; 

our dependency on third-party manufacturers to supply or manufacture
our products; 

our ability to establish or maintain collaborations, licensing
or other arrangements; 

our ability and third parties abilities to protect intellectual
property rights; 

our ability to adequately support future growth; and 

our ability to attract and retain key personnel to manage our
business effectively. 

Because forward-looking statements
are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified, you should not rely upon forward-looking
statements as predictions of future events. The events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements may not be achieved
or occur and actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements
speak only as of the date of this Report or the date of any document incorporated by reference in this Report, as applicable. Except as
required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States and the rules and regulations of the SEC, we do not plan
to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein after we distribute this Report, whether as a result of any
new information, future events or otherwise. 

You should not rely upon forward-looking
statements as predictions of future events. We are under no duty to update any of these forward-looking statements after the date of this
Report to conform our prior statements to actual results or revised expectations, and we do not intend to do so, except as otherwise provided
by law. 

You should read the matters
described in Risk Factors and the other cautionary statements made in this Report, as being applicable to all related forward-looking
statements wherever they appear in this Report. 

This information should be
read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and the notes thereto included in this Report. 

Our logo and some of our trademarks
and tradenames are used in this Report. This Report also includes trademarks, tradenames and service marks that are the property of others.
Solely for convenience, trademarks, tradenames and service marks referred to in this Report may appear without the , and
SM symbols. References to our trademarks, tradenames and service marks are not intended to indicate in any way that we will not assert
to the fullest extent under applicable law our rights or the rights of the applicable licensors if any, nor that respective owners to
other intellectual property rights will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, their rights thereto. We do not intend
the use or display of other companies trademarks and trade names to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of
us by, any other companies. 

Unless the context requires
otherwise, references to the Company, we, us, our, NeoVolta , refer
specifically to NeoVolta, Inc. 

1 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

We are a designer, manufacturer,
and seller of high-end Energy Storage Systems (or ESS), primarily our NeoVolta NV14, NV14-K, and NV 24, which can store and use energy
via batteries and an inverter at residential or commercial sites. We were founded to identify new ways to leverage emerging technologies
with the dynamic changes that are taking place in the energy delivery space. We primarily market and sell our products directly to our
certified solar installers and solar equipment distributors. In the future, we intend to expand multiple opportunities with residential
developers, commercial developers, and other commercial opportunities. Because we are purely dedicated to energy solar systems, virtually
all of our current resources and efforts go into further developing our flagship NV14, NV14-K, and NV 24 products, while focusing on specific
industry needs for our next generation of products. We believe we are unique in the marketplace due to our low cost, our innovative battery
chemistry, our product versatility, and our commitment to installer service. Because of these factors, we believe NeoVolta is uniquely
equipped to establish ourselves as a major player in the energy storage market. 

Our NV14 ESS contains a 7,680
W hybrid 120V / 240V and 208V 3-phase inverter and a 14.4 kWh battery system power. The NV14 is energy efficient, has a variety of operating
options, and uses Lithium Iron Phosphate (LiFe (PO4)) batteries. The batteries we utilize are capable of 6,000 cycles at a Depth of Discharge
(DoD) of 90 and have a high thermal range (heat and cold tolerances). Our NV14 ESS integrates all components and is NEMA Type 3R rated
(indoor/outdoor). Our NV14-K variant is specifically designed for inclusion into EOS Linx Electric Vehicle charging and advertising products
named Aurora Charge Station. Our NV24 provides additional energy storage capacity raising the NV14 from 14.4 KW to 24.0
KW. Our newest update of the NV14 ESS allows for commercial 208V 3-phase installations adding significantly to our potential customer
base. 

History 

We completed the initial design
work and completed testing and certification of our first offering, the NeoVolta NV14, in August 2018. In September 2018, we completed
our first production prototype. By March 2019, we completed all certifications and were granted approval by the California Energy Commission
(CEC) for off-grid and on-grid installation. Since our headquarters are located in San Diego County, a county with more than 160,000 solar
customers, we chose San Diego for our initial rollout. In May 2019, the NV14 was approved throughout San Diego County and City areas by
San Diego Gas Electric (SDG E) for connection to its grid system and customer installations began. In June 2019, we moved our
contracted manufacturing to a facility in Poway, California. In June 2019, we began marketing to San Diego based solar installers. In
early 2020, we expanded our certified installer network to the greater Los Angeles, San Francisco, and Sacramento areas. At present, we
have installs in the following 14 States and Territories: California, Nevada, Arizona, Utah, Colorado, Wyoming, Texas, Oklahoma, Missouri,
Tennessee, Alabama, Georgia, Florida, and Puerto Rico. In January 2021, we moved to a larger production facility in Poway, California
to facilitate growth. 

2 

Our Products - NeoVolta NV14, NV14-K, and NV24 

The NV14 is a complete ESS
with 7,680-Watt 120V / 240V hybrid inverter (one of the largest in the industry) which is also capable of 208V 3-phase commercial power
with a 14.4 kWh lithium iron phosphate (LiFe (PO4)) battery system. The NV14-K is a variant of the NV14 built to EOS Linx specifications.
This is all incorporated in one National Electrical Manufacturer Association (NEMA) Type 3R rated indoor/outdoor cabinet system with all
United Laboratories (UL) compliant electrical certifications, and fire code requirements. The NV14 is capable of storing and using inverted
(AC) photovoltaic, non-inverted (DC) photovoltaic, or both AC and DC photovoltaic solar sources. It can also accept utility grid AC power
as a charging source for the integrated 14.4 kWh battery system. The NV14 system will charge the batteries with excess solar photovoltaic
(AC, DC or both AC and DC) power during daylight conditions - a unique functionality in the ESS industry. The inverter will invert DC
battery power into AC power during periods of darkness or higher use periods. Once discharged, the batteries will be idle until excess
solar photovoltaic is available and will subsequently begin to recharge. The NV14 is designed to primarily charge from solar but can be
programmed to charge from other sources of power (solar, wind turbine, generator, and grid). It can be easily programmed by our certified
installers to customer-specific use profiles, including for rate arbitrage, (graph below) which allows charging from the
grid during the lowest rate periods if the utility company allows this activity. Once recharged, the batteries will discharge once solar
photovoltaic begins to wane or when the customer needs more power than available from solar photovoltaic. By doing this, customers will
be consuming their own solar photovoltaic production instead of sending excess photovoltaic power to the grid and then buying this power
back later in the evening from the utility at an often significantly higher retail rate, thereby potentially lowering their monthly electric
bill depending on their local utility s rate plan. Our NV14 is also capable of multi-tasking by recharging via solar photovoltaic
power while also supplying power. 

We believe our NV14 is unique
among its competitors in that the cabinet is rated for indoor/outdoor installation (NEMA Type 3R) allowing for more installation configurations
and the ability to fit more residential customer use cases. With measurements of 50.5 H x 38 W x 10 D it can be installed
either inside the garage or outside (preferable near existing utility connections) of the residence or facility. 

No solar system can provide
power to a home without a system capable of Islanding, due to safety regulations put in place for utility workers during
outages. Islanding is when a PV generator or other electrical source continues to power a location or residence even though
electrical grid power is no longer present. According to Bloomenergy.com, power outages are on the rise in California. There were 25,281
blackout events in 2019, a 23 increase from 20,598 in 2018. The number of utility customers affected jumped to 28.4 million in 2019,
up 50 from 19 million in 2018. Our NV14 is capable of Islanding when used with AC or DC photovoltaic (PV) systems. As islanding
can be dangerous to utility workers, who may not realize that a circuit is still powered, an ESS capable of islanding must
be capable of physically disconnecting from the grid power when it senses that grid supply is not present, has an over current, or an
undercurrent condition. The NV14 includes islanding relays that are approved to perform this function. Islanding also allows
solar production to function and power the residence or facility thereby decreasing the impact of a grid outage. 

Our NV14 currently includes
a commercially available encrypted WiFi logger and associated smart phone application that allows customers to visualize the state of
the system in 8-minute intervals (battery, home, grid, photovoltaic, and/or generator). Settings adjustments for how the system works
can be made remotely by the installer if/when utilities make changes to Time-of-Use billing rates/times. Our remote management system
is included with the product and allows NeoVolta 24/7 system health monitoring, malfunction diagnosis, and the ability to push firmware
and software updates. This allows NeoVolta, installers, and their customers, insight into system health 24/7. Remote monitoring and programming
is accomplished using AWS Key Management encryption and cloud storage ensuring customer privacy and security. 

3 

Our NV24 has additional battery
capability that raises NV14 energy storage from 14.4 KW to 24.0 KW. As the NV24 has add-on battery capacity, additional inverters are
not required. This enables customers to achieve a 67 increase in storage for a fraction of the typical cost of adding more storage. Most
competitive systems require an additional inverter for any additional storage. 

New ESS fire code regulations
have been significant and are ongoing, especially in California. ESSs can no longer be installed inside the living areas of a home. ESSs
can be installed inside the garage but require smoke and heat detectors and may also require bollards or caging to protect the ESS from
being accidentally struck by a vehicle. This is a particularly detrimental code to ESS that cannot be installed outside. Both requirements
are directly related to fire risk from certain battery chemistries. Lithium Ion, a very popular chemistry in the ESS industry, has demonstrated
fire and thermal runaway characteristics in certain circumstances. Our batteries were UL 9540 certified at the cell and modular level
in July 2021 certifying that they will not catch on fire and exhibit no thermal runaway characteristics. 

We expect such changes in
regulatory code to be a routine requirement as ESS is a new field that warrants scrutiny and is a major focus of our management team.
We also see the complex regulatory environment as a significant barrier to new market entry. 

Market Characteristics 

Our market can be looked at
two ways: the solar installer market and the ESS market. 

Solar Installer Market .
The bulk of NeoVolta s revenue and recurring customer base is residential and commercial solar system installers. According to IBIS
Worldwide, there are over 13,000 solar installers in the US employing almost 55,000 employees. With SunRun and Tesla Energy representing
approximately 20 of the market combined, and the top 10 companies representing about 38 . Most solar installers in the US are very small,
independently owned operators and are generally not serviced by the larger companies. These underserved installers have been NeoVolta s
target market. Based on IBIS figures, we estimate this to be at least 13,000 installers with less than 25 employees. Our average
recurring installer customer purchases 1-2 systems a month. They generally sell their systems and install and pay for them within the
same month, and typically do not stock inventory, so we believe NeoVolta s just in time product availability makes
us an ideal fit. Once these customers become certified NeoVolta installers, they become recurring customers. We built our company based
on servicing small installers and will continue to do so by focusing on product availability, installer service, and, most importantly,
the characteristics of our product while we capture market share. As we gain market acceptance, we expect larger installers to take notice.
This is especially true when considering repeated product availability challenges within the industry. 

Installer storage installation
activity has grown over time, with 50 of all active residential installers in 2020 having completed at least one solar + storage system,
up from less than 20 in 2016 according to Berkeley Labs. The rate of attachment, or number of PV systems installed with storage, is growing
considerably. According to Wood Mackenzie, by 2025, nearly 29 of all behind-the-meter solar systems will be paired with storage, compared
to under 11 in 2021. Most of the growth will be powered by the smaller installers, as larger installers have already incorporated storage
into their standard new solar offerings. Although Tesla and LG Chem have dominated the market in the past few years, new market entries
continue to gain ground and new opportunities in the space continue to present themselves to those who can adapt to fill the need. Additionally,
our larger ESS competitors focus on energy storage as a component of their new solar installation, whereas NeoVolta focuses entirely on
ESSs, revealing what we believe to be a compelling market in existing solar system retrofits. According to Berkeley Lab s Tracking
the Sun dataset, there are over 3 million solar systems installed in the US and only 6.8 of those have energy solar installed. This marketplace
scenario presents small installer customers almost 3 million households to revisit for a storage retrofit especially when their 10-15
year old inverter experiences end of life. 

4 

We believe that our 100 commitment
to ESS and our relatively small size allow us to navigate this nascent industry more nimbly, and we have been able to develop distinct
competitive advantages despite our relative resources. 

ESS Market . This is
a relatively new market as solar attached storage systems have only become viable in the last decade. It is a subset of what the Solar
Energy Industries Association (SEIA) refers to as the 17 billion U.S. residential solar PV market. Wood Mackenzie forecasts that there
will be 3 million installations in 2021 growing to 4 million in 2023. According to Mordor Intelligence, the global residential energy
storage systems market is expected to register a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of more than 19 during the forecast period of 2021
- 2026, reaching a market value of more than 8.5 billion by 2026 from 2.2 billion in 2019. The growth of the ESS market comes from a
combination of retrofits to existing solar installations and more widespread adoption of storage as part of new solar installations. 

According to Wood Mackenzie s
U.S. Energy Storage Monitor, released in December 2020, the residential storage segment posted its best quarter ever in the third quarter
of 2020, during the height of the coronavirus pandemic with 52 megawatts and 119 megawatt-hours of new storage installed. The U.S. market
is expected to reach 7.5 gigawatts in 2025, which amounts to sixfold growth from 2020. 

Market Drivers 

Regulatory . The regulatory
drivers regarding ESS come in the form of an increasing number of mandates and incentives. On the mandate side, in August of 2021, California
became the first state in the country to require builders to install solar and battery storage on new commercial buildings and high-rise
multifamily buildings. This state approved Energy Code also includes requirements for builders to design single-family homes so battery
storage can be easily added to the already existing solar system in the future as well as incentives to eliminate natural gas from new
buildings. On the incentive side, the federal Investment Tax Credit, or ITC, has been the most impactful providing a 26 credit for the
cost of a unit if you pair the battery with an on-site renewable resource. For a typical ESS, the ITC can reduce the cost of the system
by 4,500 to 6,000. This has become even more beneficial with the enactment of The Inflation Reduction Act, increasing the credit to
30 for all ESS. Many states are also putting incentive systems in place. Beyond states taking steps to encourage greater adoption of
energy storage technologies, some utilities are now also offering incentives to home and business owners who install storage. To date,
most of these utility-specific storage incentives are in the Northeast. We anticipate more of these programs being put in place in the
future. In November 2022, the California Public Energy Commission (CPUC) passed Net Energy Metering 3 (NEM3) with phase in date of April
14, 2023. NEM3 significantly reduces the value to excess solar that a customer sends to the Utility during the day. Under
NEM2, customer typically achieved a pay back period of 5-6 years. Under NEM3, solar pay back is 10-12 years depending on the Utility.
As a result, most solar installers focused on installing as much solar as possible prior to the April 14, 2023 deadline. This resulted
in a delay of battery and ESS installations since adding these capabilities do not affect NEM status, however, the impact of the temporary
market distortion has been largely reversed since that date. 

Utilities can also impact
battery storage adoption on the cost side of the equation. In certain circumstances, when state utilities change their billing profiles,
the market for ESS becomes more (or less) attractive. For example, Hawaii s attachment rate rose to 80 after the state began transitioning
away from net energy metering (NEM) and reduced compensation for grid exports. 

Resiliency . Energy
dependence has been a growing concern in the last few years as weather patterns have become more erratic. New findings from the U.S. Department
of Energy s National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL) and Clean Energy Group (CEG) found that when the value of resilience is
considered - preventing power outages - several more integrated solar-plus-storage projects are economically viable. 

Utilities are addressing this
matter in some cases through Public Safety Power Shut Off (PSPS) events (when power is purposefully turned off in the case of high winds
with very dry vegetation conditions that increase wildfire risks). The direct result of this was seen in California after the PSPS events
of late 2019. 

Consumer Perception .
Although both economics and resiliency have been impactful on ESS demand, researchers at Berkeley Labs concluded that a third category
of consumer perception may be adding to the trend. The feedback they received included the concept that consumers saw ESS as a green 
investment and felt like it was a way to stick it to the utilities . These factors are obviously less measurable than the
more objective drivers above but are an additive factor in the market. 

5 

Growth Strategy 

Our growth strategy is focused
on expanding our core business of distributing our products on a recurring basis to small and medium sized installers and to continue
expanding the application of our product into various commercial applications through development partnerships. Sungage Financial and
GoodLeap finance NeoVolta installations with or without solar. We are working to add additional financing and leasing options. We plan
to do this through an increase in targeted direct sales and marketing to installers in ripe regional markets, concentrating efforts on
adding to our national distributor partners, and marketing in ESS industry circles to identify new potential applications of our systems.
Our growth thus far has been through word of mouth and networking mainly in Southern California. We have been successful in consistently
growing both our installer base and our number of installs through these means, but recognize that to succeed in the national marketplace,
we will need to bring on a team of sales and marketing professionals to reach our goals. We have plans to start to build out this team
relatively soon. 

Non-Residential / Commercial
Growth : Our all-in-one system was engineered with the intent to be easily configurable to the needs of the client and easily serviced
and updated for our installers. Flexibility due to the close contact with the manufacturing process and the adaptability of the product,
along with our ability to handle commercial 208V 3-phse power, have opened up a number of new opportunities for us. In that regard, various
stakeholders have sought us out to create an energy storage system for their unique needs specifically because others would not or could
not accept the challenge. NeoVolta was and continues to be open to customizing our products for energy storage contracts should they meet
our volume, profitability, and system requirements. This strategy of flexibility in R D is affording NeoVolta access into markets
that would normally be closed to companies of our size. We will continue to leverage this customer-driven approach in the future. 

New opportunities in this
sector are difficult to forecast, but are a core focus of our current sales and marketing plan. As these projects roll out and begin to
be publicized, we believe NeoVolta can establish itself as an energy storage system engineering firm for large projects in applications
globally. We intend to take advantage of our adaptability and the nascent industry to fill these diverse and complicated needs. We have
previously announced partnerships with PMP Energy, EOS Linx, and American Development Partners. We continue to explore other than residential
opportunities that NeoVolta is uniquely suited for. 

Competition 

We compete with several large
competitors already successfully selling in the ESS space. Notable competitors include Tesla, LG Chem, Sonnen, Enphase, SunPower, and
SMA America, among others. Some of our competitors have significantly greater financial, product development, manufacturing, marketing
resources, and name recognition. In addition to competitors in the ESS space, we compete with companies in power generation equipment
and other engine powered products industries. We face competition from a variety of large diversified industrial companies as well as
smaller generator manufacturers, along with mobile equipment, engine powered tools, solar inverter, battery storage and grid services
providers, both domestic and internationally. In addition, as energy storage becomes a necessary component for residential customers to
realize better value/savings from their solar PV installation, we believe new competitors will emerge in this field. There is no assurance
that we will be able to successfully compete in this market. 

NeoVolta Competitive Advantages: 

Availability . We believe
recent back-order times for competitive products have been as long as 9-months in recent years. Smaller installers rely on quick sales
to install to payment to keep their business going, and the lack of availability of competitive products is often the reason they are
introduced to NeoVolta. Since December 2021, NeoVolta has been delivering on orders in under one week, very often the same day. We achieve
this by maintaining a high level of inventory relative to projected sales, component consolidation prior to shipment, and a small lot,
recurring freight strategy, which we believe allows for more flexibility in getting through the supply chain. Our strategy of maintaining
higher levels of inventory based on projected sales means that to the extent our sales expectations in any periods are incorrect we may
suffer cash flow constraints for such periods. LG Chem recently experienced a large recall of their older systems due to fire risk and
product defects associated with their lithium-ion chemistry. Inability to secure reliable product delivery, fire risk, and recalls have
harmed reputations of our competitors. 

Installer Service .
NeoVolta considers its installer relationships to be the key to our growth. The relative newness of the industry requires a great deal
of education and support to ensure quality and efficient installations. With all energy storage, there is significant necessary electrical
work, which may be new to smaller solar installers. NeoVolta requires that every installer go through our Certified Installer Program
and we often walk them through early installations one-on-one to get them comfortable with the product either in-person or via smart phone
video. NeoVolta s San Diego-based direct customer support is available throughout the install and for any ongoing service, as well
as through our remote system monitoring. This one-on-one philosophy has generated great customer loyalty and install success and we intend
to invest the resources necessary to keep this partnership culture a priority. 

6 

Superior Product . Some
of our competitors have significantly greater financial, product development, manufacturing, marketing resources, and name recognition
than we have. However, with the industry s growth will come frequent and dramatic change. We believe that our 100 commitment to
ESS and our size allow us to navigate this nascent industry more nimbly, and we have been able to develop distinct competitive advantages
to appeal to smaller and regional independent installers. We designed the NeoVolta NV14 to be cost effective, easy to install and service,
and adaptable to customer needs. We are one of very few in the ESS industry to focus virtually all our resources on energy storage systems. 

Key Product Advantages : 

Residential / Commercial: System adapts to either
application without the need for any additional equipment (transformers) 

Outdoor or Indoor installations: NEMA 3R rated 

Higher power than most competitive options (7,680
W inverter) 

Compatible with AC, DC or both AC and DC power 

UL certified to have no thermal runaway and no
thermal risk (UL 9540A) 

Higher 6,000 cycle batteries 

Compatible with generators 

Can support off grid 

Capable of adding additional battery storage
capacity without need for additional inverter 

Our NV14 inverter can also
accept 208 Volt 3-phase commercial power by simply making a settings change. This feature allows small businesses to back up vital systems
such as refrigeration, servers, alarm systems, entry and exit security features, vaults, emergency lighting, etc. Some States are beginning
to require these capabilities as an emergency capability due to frequent grid outages. 

IP Product Development 

We currently have three issued
US utility patents. US Patent No. 10,998,730 B1 is directed to NeoVolta s solar power inverter system. US Patent No. 11,502,618
B2 relates to NeoVolta s generators. US Patent No. 11,605,952 B1. which is an expansion of our first Patent, relates to NeoVolta s
solar power inverter system. We will continue to expand our Patent portfolio when appropriate. 

We rely on a combination of
patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret, including federal, state and common law rights in the United States and other countries, nondisclosure
agreements, and other measures to protect our intellectual property. We require our employees, consultants, and advisors to execute confidentiality
agreements and to agree to disclose and assign to us all inventions conceived under their respective employment, consultant, or advisor
agreement, using our property, or which relate to our business. Despite any measures taken to protect our intellectual property, unauthorized
parties may attempt to copy aspects of our products or to obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. Our business is affected
by our ability to protect against misappropriation and infringement of our intellectual property, including our trademarks, service marks,
patents, domain names, copyrights and other proprietary rights. 

Regulatory Environment 

Regulators are quickly getting
involved in the ESS space. In the past three years, California regulators have implemented major requirements, including CSIP and CPUC
 rapid shutdown, garage safety, non-ferrous cabinet, and more are being planned. We have a track record of understanding,
adapting, and deploying our products in this ever-changing world. 

California, via the California
Public Utilities Commission (CPUC), and Hawaii appear to be leading the United States when it comes to new ESS regulations. In the past
36-months, CPUC adopted Common Smart Inverter Profile (CSIP), solar rapid shutdown, and several fire standards both inside garages and
outside on residential dwellings. On June 22, 2020, with significant technical development and relationship building, NeoVolta received
all certifications necessary for California CSIP compliance. On August 5, 2020, the California Energy Commission (CEC) approved NeoVolta s
CSIP application. CEC facilitates regulatory approvals for the CPUC. 

In January 2021, CPUC adopted
solar rapid shutdown requirements, which means emergency responders needed to be able to quickly terminate all with a switch
or lever within a few feet of the Main Service Panel (MSP). NeoVolta already met this challenge with outside AC solar installations, and
quickly met the requirements for indoor installations and DC solar. 

7 

In June 2022, California adopted
several requirements for inside garage installations and disallowed any installs inside residential living spaces to include most basements.
These changes affect where a system can be installed and may prevent installation in colder climates. 

NeoVolta s other certifications
include: 

Underwriters Laboratories (UL) 9540, 9540A, 1973, 1741SA, 1642, and 1699B Arc Fault Circuit Protection
Type 

 UL 1741 third edition
(including UL 1741 Supplemental SB) 

UL 9540A Battery Energy Storage System (ANSI/CAN/UL
9540:2020) 

Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers
(IEEE) 1547 (2018 standard) 

International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC)
62897 

Electrical Codes: National Fire Protection Association s NFPA 70 National Fire Codes (NEC) 2023 

California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC) Rule 21 Interconnection 

Hawaii Electric Companies Source Requirement Document Version 1.1 (SRD-UL-1741-SA-V1.1) 

CSA Group C22.2 No. 107.1:2001 Ed. 3 

Federal Communications Commission (FCC) 15 Class B 

National Electrical Manufacturers Association
(NEMA) Type 3R 

California Energy Commission (CEC): Grid Support Utility, Utility Interactive, Energy Storage System NV14
and NV24 

NeoVolta has established a
track record for quickly understanding and meeting regulatory hurdles. Although regulatory changes will cause an enduring need for increases
in Research and Development (R D) and product constraints, we believe this will also raise the barrier of entry to new market entrants.
We believe NeoVolta is well positioned to face new regulatory requirements due to our battery chemistry and our product being developed
in California - where regulatory standards in energy are generally set. 

In November 2022, the CPUC
passed Net Energy Metering 3 NEM3 with a phase in date of April 14, 2023. NEM3 significantly reduces the value to excess 
solar that a customer sends to the Utility during the day. Under NEM2, customer typically achieved a pay back period of 5-6 years. Under
NEM3, solar pay back is 10-12 years depending on the Utility. As a result, most solar installers focused on installing as much solar as
possible prior to the April 14, 2023 deadline. This resulted in a delay of battery and ESS installations since adding these capabilities
do not affect NEM status. The full impact of NEM3 to both the solar and ESS industry will not be known for several months. 

Manufacturing 

All of NeoVolta s products
are manufactured in-house at our Poway, CA facility. We manufacture our products in an efficient build-to-order model, keeping very little
finished-goods inventory. We sublease and share our facility with our former contract manufacturer under a physical arrangement. 

Pursuant to an amendment to
our supply agreement with our former contract manufacturer in April 2023, we took over direct responsibility for the manufacturing process
surrounding our ESS units from our contract manufacturer on June 1, 2023. Accordingly, we now issue customer build orders to our two new
employees that we hired from our former contract manufacturer, they pull the raw materials from the warehouse, assemble the final units
and prepare them for shipment or pick-up. Our timeline from order to delivery is usually less than two weeks. 

The end-product is then picked
up or shipped from our docks, signed off by our installer and logged into our system when installed for system monitoring. 

We run multiple quality checks
throughout the process and have systems to track components and end-units from Asia to San Diego to the end-user s location. We
record all component serial numbers, all torque settings, and annotates all required item numbers and functionality prior to packaging. 

8 

Recent Assembly Inventory Purchase 

In April 2023, we closed the
bulk purchase of raw materials inventory from our contract manufacturer by making a cash payment to that company in the net amount of
 1.3 million, after considering credits for prepayments and other items of approximately 0.1 million. This transaction was completed
pursuant to an amendment of our Master Supply Agreement with our contract manufacturer. In addition to the purchase of the raw materials
inventory from our contract manufacturer, this amendment provided for the eventual assumption by us of full responsibility from our contract
manufacturer for the manufacturing of our proprietary Energy Storage Systems ESS units. Pursuant to the amendment, we
assumed such responsibility for the manufacturing process surrounding our ESS units from our contract manufacturer on June 1, 2023. In
conjunction with assuming this responsibility, we hired the two employees of our contract manufacturer who previously performed contract
manufacturing services for us. We plan to hire three additional assemblers in the near future. All of our manufacturing
certifications are listed under NeoVolta. This amended agreement had no effect on our present Sublease Agreement with our contract manufacturer,
pertaining to our existing manufacturing location in Poway, CA (see Item 2 Properties ). 

Employees 

As of June 30, 2023, we have
seven full-time employees. Our CEO manages all Company strategy, sales and R D, our CFO manages all finance and administration. Our
manufacturing operations are performed by the four new employees that we recently hired from our former contract operator, as noted above.
The balance of the staff manages supply chain, technical support and marketing/sales support. We also contract for hire with four outside
consultants and contractors on an ongoing basis. Also, we enter into specific contracts for non-recurring R D projects, as needed.
Our intent is to hire any new executive level leaders in the coming year as necessary. 

Access to Information 

Our website is at www.neovolta.com.
We make available, free of charge, on our corporate website, our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports
on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act ), as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (SEC). The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information
regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. Information contained on our website does not, and shall not be
deemed to, constitute part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our reference to the URL for our website is intended to be an inactive
textual reference only. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

The
following risks and uncertainties should be carefully considered in addition to the other information included in this Report. If any
of the following conditions or other unknown conditions should occur, our business, financial condition or operating results could be
materially harmed. An investment in our securities is speculative in nature, involves a high degree of risk and should not be made by
an investor who cannot bear the economic risk of its investment for an indefinite period of time and who cannot afford the loss of its
entire investment. 

Risks Related to our Business and Industry 

We are a relatively new company, with our
sales having only commenced in July 2019, and we continue to have some of the risks associated with start-up ventures. 

We formed our corporation
in 2018. Since formation, we have focused on research, development and certification of our first energy storage system. We began marketing,
sales, and installations via our certified installers in May 2019 (although no sales were completed in the year ended June 30, 2019).
We may never achieve commercial success with our energy storage systems. We have limited historical financial data upon which we may base
our projected revenue and operating expenses. Our relatively short operating history makes it difficult for potential investors to evaluate
our technology or prospective operations and business prospects. Accordingly, we continue to be subject to many of the risks inherent
in business development, financing, unexpected expenditures, and complications and delays that often occur in a new business. Investors
should evaluate an investment in us in light of the uncertainties encountered by developing companies in a competitive environment. There
can be no assurance that our efforts will be successful or that we will ultimately be able to attain profitability. 

9 

We have a history of net losses and we are
uncertain about our future profitability. 

We have incurred significant
net losses since our inception. For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, we have incurred net losses of 2.6 million and 5.8 million,
respectively. As of June 30, 2023, we had an accumulated deficit of 18.4 million. If our revenue grows more slowly than currently anticipated,
or if operating expenses are higher than expected, we may be unable to consistently achieve profitability, our financial condition will
suffer, and the value of our common stock could decline. Even if we are successful increasing our sales, we may incur losses in the foreseeable
future as we continue to develop and market our products. If sales revenue from any of our current products or any additional products
that we develop in the future is insufficient, or if our product development is delayed, we may be unable to achieve profitability and,
in the event we are unable to secure financing for prolonged periods of time, we may need to temporarily cease operations and, possibly,
shut them down altogether. Furthermore, even if we are able to achieve profitability, we may be unable to sustain or increase such profitability
on a quarterly or annual basis, which would adversely impact our financial condition and significantly reduce the value of our common
stock. 

We may experience in the future, delays
or other complications in the design, manufacture, launch and production ramp of our energy storage products which could harm our brand,
business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 

We may encounter unanticipated
challenges, such as supply chain or logistics constraints, that lead to delays in producing and ramping our energy storage products. Any
significant delay or other complication in the production of our products or the development, manufacture, and production ramp of our
future products, including complications associated with expanding our production capacity and supply chain or obtaining or maintaining
regulatory approvals, and/or coronavirus impacts, could materially damage our brand, business, prospects, financial condition and operating
results. 

We may be unable to meet our growing energy
storage production plans and delivery plans, any of which could harm our business and prospects. 

Our plans call for achieving
and sustaining significant increases in energy storage systems production and deliveries. Our ability to achieve these plans will depend
upon a number of factors, including our ability to utilize installed manufacturing capacity, achieve the planned production yield and
further increase capacity as planned while maintaining our desired quality levels and optimize design and production changes, and our
suppliers ability to support our needs. If we are unable to realize our plans, our brand, business, prospects, financial condition
and operating results could be materially damaged. 

We are dependent on our two main component
vendors for our suppliers of batteries, inverters and other raw materials and the inability of these single-source suppliers to deliver
necessary components of our products according to our schedule and at prices, quality levels and volumes acceptable to us, or our inability
to efficiently manage these components, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. 

Our products contain numerous
purchased parts which we source globally from direct suppliers, the majority of whom are currently single-source suppliers. Any significant
unanticipated demand would require us to procure additional components in a short amount of time. While we believe that we will be able
to secure additional or alternate sources of supply for most of our components in a relatively short time frame, there is no assurance
that we will be able to do so or develop our own replacements for certain highly customized components of our products. In addition, if
we are required to use alternative suppliers for certain critical components, we may need to have our products go through a re-certification
process with various regulatory bodies, which process may be lengthy. In such event, we would not be able to sell our products using these
new components until we received all required certifications. 

If we encounter unexpected
difficulties with key suppliers such as our inverter or lithium-iron phosphate cell supplier, and if we are unable to fill these needs
from other suppliers, we could experience production delays and potential loss of access to important technology and parts for producing,
servicing and supporting our products. This limited, and in many cases single source, supply chain exposes us to multiple potential sources
of delivery failure or component shortages for the production of our products. The loss of any single or limited source supplier or the
disruption in the supply of components from these suppliers could lead to significant product design changes and delays in product deliveries
to our customers, which could hurt our relationships with our customers and result in negative publicity, damage to our brand and a material
and adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 

10 

Changes in our supply chain may result in
increased cost. If we are unsuccessful in our efforts to control and reduce supplier costs, our operating results will suffer. 

There is no assurance that
our suppliers will ultimately be able to meet our cost, quality and volume needs, or do so at the times needed. Furthermore, as the scale
of our energy storage systems increase, we will need to accurately forecast, purchase, warehouse and transport to our manufacturing facilities
components at much higher volumes than we have experience with. If we are unable to accurately match the timing and quantities of component
purchases to our actual needs, or successfully implement automation, inventory management and other systems to accommodate the increased
complexity in our supply chain, we may incur unexpected production disruption, storage, transportation and write-off costs, which could
have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. 

The duration and scope of the impacts of
the COVID-19 pandemic are uncertain and may continue to adversely affect our operations, supply chain, distribution, and demand for our
products. 

While the global designation
of COVID-19 as a pandemic has recently ended, the Company is assessing any potential factors that may continue to impact its business.
Thus far, the impact of COVID-19 on the global economy and our customers has not affected us materially. To date, we have not experienced
any issues with our supply chain, but delays through international ports have been experienced in the industry. If we were to encounter
a significant disruption due to COVID-19 at one or more of our locations or suppliers, we may not be able to satisfy customer demand for
a period of time. 

Furthermore, the impact of
COVID-19 on the economy, demand for our products and impacts to our operations, including the measures taken by governmental authorities
to address it, may precipitate or exacerbate other risks and/or uncertainties, including specifically many of the risk factors set forth
herein, which may have a significant impact on our operating results and financial condition, although we are unable to predict the extent
or nature of these impacts at this time. 

We are currently selling two products and
if these products that we sell or install fail to perform as expected, our reputation could be harmed and our ability to develop, market
and sell our products and services could be harmed. 

If our energy products were
to contain defects in design and manufacture that cause them not to perform as expected or that require repair or take longer than expected
to become enabled or are legally restricted, our ability to develop, market and sell our products and services could be harmed. While
we intend to perform internal testing on the products we manufacture, as a start-up company we currently have no frame of reference by
which to evaluate detailed long-term quality, reliability, durability and performance characteristics of our battery packs, inverters,
and energy storage products. There can be no assurance that we will be able to detect and fix any defects in our products prior to their
sale to or installation for consumers. Any product defects, delays or legal restrictions on product features, or other failure of our
products to perform as expected could harm our reputation and result in delivery delays, product recalls, product liability claims, significant
warranty and other expenses, and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. 

We depend on a small number of wholesale
dealers for a significant portion of our revenues to date. 

Due to our limited operating
history, we depend on a relatively small number of wholesale dealers and installers, primarily in California, for our revenue. In the
year ended June 30, 2023, three such dealers represented approximately 25 , 15 and 13 of the Company s revenues whereas in the
year ended June 30, 2022, two such dealers represented approximately 20 each of the Company s revenues. As of June 30, 2023, four
such dealers represented approximately 94 of the Company s accounts receivable. Our limited customer base and concentration could
expose us to the risk of substantial losses if a single dominant customer stops purchasing, or significantly reduces orders for, our products.
Our ability to maintain close relationships with these top customers is essential to the growth and profitability of our business. If
we fail to sell our products to one or more of these top customers in any particular period, or if a large customer purchases fewer of
our products, defers orders or fails to place additional orders with us, or if we fail to develop additional major customers, our revenue
could decline, and our results of operations could be adversely affected. 

11 

If we fail to scale our business operations
and otherwise manage future growth and adapt to new conditions effectively as we grow our company, we may not be able to produce, market,
sell and service our products successfully. 

Any failure to manage our
growth effectively could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. Our future
operating results depend to a large extent on our ability to manage our expansion and growth successfully. We may not be successful in
undertaking this expansion if we are unable to control expenses and avoid cost overruns and other unexpected operating costs; adapt our
products and conduct our operations to meet local requirements; implement the required infrastructure, systems and processes; and find
and hire the right skills to make our growth successful. 

If we are unable to achieve our targeted
manufacturing costs for our energy storage products our financial condition and operating results will suffer. 

As a relatively new company,
we have limited historical data that ensures our targeted manufacturing costs will be achievable. While we expect in the future to better
understand and control our manufacturing costs, there is no guarantee we will be able to achieve sufficient cost savings to reach our
gross margin and profitability goals. We may also incur substantial costs or cost overruns in utilizing and increasing the production
capability of our energy storage system facilities. 

If we are unable to achieve
production cost targets on our products pursuant to our plans, we may not be able to meet our gross margin and other financial targets.
Many of the factors that impact our manufacturing costs are beyond our control, such as potential increases in the costs of our materials
and components, such as lithium iron phosphate, nickel and other components of our battery cells. If we are unable to continue to control
and reduce our manufacturing costs, our operating results, business and prospects will be harmed. 

Increases in costs, disruption of supply
or shortage of materials, in particular for inverters and lithium iron phosphate cells, could harm our business. 

We may experience increases
in the cost or a sustained interruption in the supply or shortage of materials. Any such increase, supply interruption or shortage could
materially and negatively impact our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. We use various materials in our business,
including inverters and lithium iron phosphate cells, from suppliers. 

The prices for these materials
fluctuate, and their available supply may be unstable, depending on market conditions and global demand for these materials, including
as a result of increased production of energy storage products by our competitors, and could adversely affect our business and operating
results. For instance, we are exposed to multiple risks relating to inverters and lithium iron phosphate cells. 

These risks include: 

an increase in the cost, or decrease in the available supply, of materials used; 

disruption in the supply of cells due to quality issues or recalls by manufacturers; 

tariffs on the materials we source in China, which make up a significant amount of the materials we require; 

fluctuations in the value of the Chinese Renminbi against the U.S. dollar as our purchases for energy
storage products are denominated in Chinese Renminbi.; and 

potential increases in global shipping costs. 

Our business is dependent
on the continued supply of inverters and battery cells for the battery packs used in our energy storage products. Any disruption in the
supply of inverters or battery cells could disrupt production of our battery packs we require for our energy storage product. Substantial
increases in the prices for our materials or prices charged to us would increase our operating costs, and could reduce our margins if
we cannot recoup the increased costs through increased prices. Any attempts to increase prices in response to increased material costs
could result in cancellations of energy storage orders and therefore materially and adversely affect our brand, image, business, prospects
and operating results. 

12 

Recent increases in mortgage interest rates
may result in a decrease in demand by homeowners for our residential energy storage systems. 

Sales volume in our homeowner
channel is partially dependent on the construction of new homes and the sale of existing homes in our residential markets. Many customers
of our installation partners rely on mortgage loans from banks and other lenders in order to finance a substantial portion of the purchase
price for their home, including any related improvements. Increased mortgage interest rates may lead to lower demand for new homes and
a reduced number of homes available for solar origination through our homeowner channel. Additionally, increased interest rates may result
in fewer secondary home sales, a reduction in the number of customers refinancing their mortgages and uncertainty about the economy. 

We are currently operating in a period of
economic uncertainty and capital markets disruption, which has been significantly impacted by geopolitical instability due to the ongoing
military conflict between Russia and Ukraine. Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely
affected by any negative impact on the global economy and capital markets resulting from the conflict in Ukraine or any other geopolitical
tensions. 

U.S. and global markets are
experiencing volatility and disruption following the escalation of geopolitical tensions and the start of the military conflict between
Russia and Ukraine. On February 24, 2022, a full-scale military invasion of Ukraine by Russian troops was reported and the conflict is
continuing at an intense level. Although the length and impact of the ongoing military conflict is highly unpredictable, the conflict
in Ukraine could lead to further market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets,
as well as supply chain interruptions. We are continuing to monitor the situation in Ukraine and globally and assessing its potential
impact on our business. In addition, Russian military actions and the resulting sanctions could adversely affect the global economy and
financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets, potentially making it more difficult for us to obtain
additional funds. 

Any of the above mentioned
factors could affect our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. The extent and duration of the military action,
sanctions and resulting market disruptions are impossible to predict, but could be substantial. Any such disruptions may also magnify
the impact of other risks described in this registration statement. 

We may become subject to product liability
claims, which could harm our financial condition and liquidity if we are not able to successfully defend or insure against such claims. 

Although we believe we have
designed our products for safety, product liability claims, even those without merit, could harm our business, prospects, operating results
and financial condition. Our risks in this area are particularly pronounced given that we have only recently begun to deliver energy storage
products. Moreover, a product liability claim could generate substantial negative publicity about our products and business and could
have material adverse effect on our brand, business, prospects and operating results. 

The markets in which we operate are in their
infancy and highly competitive, and we may not be successful in competing in these industries as the industry further develops. We currently
face competition from new and established domestic and international competitors and expect to face competition from others in the future,
including competition from companies with new technology. 

The worldwide energy storage
market is in its infancy, and we expect it will become more competitive in the future. We also expect more regulatory burden as customers
adopt this new technology. There is no assurance that our energy storage systems will be successful in the respective markets in which
they compete. A significant and growing number of established and new companies, as well as other companies, have entered or are reported
to have plans to enter the energy storage market. Most of our current and potential competitors have significantly greater financial,
technical, manufacturing, marketing, sales networks and other resources than we do and may be able to devote greater resources to the
design, development, manufacturing, distribution, promotion, sale and support of their products. Increased competition could result in
lower unit sales, price reductions, revenue shortfalls, loss of customers and loss of market share, which could harm our business, prospects,
financial condition and operating results. The energy storage industry is highly competitive. 

We face competition from other
manufacturers, developers and installers of energy storage systems, as well as from large utilities. Decreases in the retail prices of
electricity from utilities or other renewable energy sources could make our products less attractive to customers. Reduction in various
federal and state rebate and incentive programs could also adversely affect product adoption. 

13 

Our products and services are subject to
substantial regulations, which are evolving, and unfavorable changes or failure by us to comply with these regulations could substantially
harm our business and operating results. 

As a manufacturer of energy
storage systems, we are impacted by federal, state and local regulations and policies concerning electricity pricing, the interconnection
of electricity generation and storage equipment with the electric grid, and the sale of electricity generated by third-party owned systems.
For example, existing or proposed regulations and policies would permit utilities to limit the amount of electricity generated by our
customers with their solar energy systems, adjust electricity rate designs such that the price of our products may not be competitive
with that of electricity from the grid, restrict us and our customers qualifying for government incentives and benefits that apply to
renewable energy, and limit or eliminate net energy metering. If such regulations and policies remain in effect or are adopted in other
jurisdictions, or if other regulations and policies that adversely impact the interconnection or use of our energy storage systems are
introduced, they could deter potential customers from purchasing our energy storage products, which could harm our business, prospects,
financial condition and results of operations. 

In particular, the California
Public Energy Commission CPUC passed Net Energy Metering 3 NEM3 in November 2022 with a phase in date
of April 14, 2023. NEM3 significantly reduces the value to excess solar that a customer sends to the Utility during the
day. Under NEM2, customer typically achieved a pay back period of 5-6 years. Under NEM3, solar pay back is 10-12 years depending on the
Utility. As a result, most solar installers focused on installing as much solar as possible prior to the April 14, 2023 deadline. This
resulted in a delay of battery and ESS installations since adding these capabilities do not affect NEM status. The full impact of NEM3
to both the solar and ESS industry will not be known for several months. 

Our business and
operations would suffer in the event of third-party computer system failures, cyber-attacks on third-party systems or deficiency in our
cyber security. 

We
rely on information technology IT systems, including third-party cloud based service providers, to keep
financial records, maintain product support data, and corporate records, to communicate with staff and external parties and to operate
other critical functions. This includes critical systems such as email, other communication tools, electronic document repositories and
archives. If any of these third-party information technology providers are compromised due to computer viruses, unauthorized access, malware,
natural disasters, fire, terrorism, war and telecommunication failures, electrical failures, cyber-attacks or cyber-intrusions over the
internet, then sensitive emails or documents could be exposed or deleted. Similarly, we could incur business disruption if our access
to the internet is compromised, and we are unable to connect with third-party IT providers. The risk of a security breach or disruption,
particularly through cyber-attacks or cyber intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign governments and cyber terrorists, has generally
increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. To the
extent that any disruption or security breach results in a loss of or damage to our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure
of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability and delay of our product development and support efforts. 

We may need to assert intellectual property-related
claims or defend ourselves against intellectual property infringement claims, which may be time-consuming and could cause us to incur
substantial costs. 

Others, including our competitors,
may hold or obtain patents, copyrights, trademarks or other proprietary rights that could prevent, limit or interfere with our ability
to make, use, develop, sell or market our products and services, which could make it more difficult for us to operate our business. From
time to time, the holders of such intellectual property rights may assert their rights and urge us to take licenses, and/or may bring
suits alleging infringement or misappropriation of such rights. We may consider the entering into licensing agreements with respect to
such rights, although no assurance can be given that such licenses can be obtained on acceptable terms or that litigation will not occur,
and such licenses could significantly increase our operating expenses. In addition, if we are determined to have infringed upon a third
party s intellectual property rights, we may be required to cease making, selling or incorporating certain components or intellectual
property into the goods and services we offer, to pay substantial damages and/or license royalties, to redesign our products and services,
and/or to establish and maintain alternative branding for our products and services. In the event that we were required to take one or
more such actions, our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. In addition,
any litigation or claims, whether or not valid, could result in substantial costs, negative publicity and diversion of resources and management
attention. 

In August 2021, we entered
into an exclusive long term supply agreement with our Asian supplier pertaining to our inverter component. This agreement contains provisions
that address the ownership and use of intellectual property rights. While we are unaware of any present dispute concerning this agreement
or our other agreements that concern ownership of or use of intellectual property rights, future disputes may arise concerning this or
other agreements we have entered into that concern ownership of or use of intellectual property rights. 

14 

Our business could be negatively impacted
if we fail to adequately protect our intellectual property rights. 

We consider our intellectual
property rights to be important assets, and seek to protect them through a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret
laws, as well as licensing and confidentiality agreements. These protections may not be adequate to prevent third parties from using our
intellectual property without our authorization, breaching any confidentiality agreements with us, copying or reverse engineering our
products, or developing and marketing products that are substantially equivalent to or superior to our own. The unauthorized use of our
intellectual property by others could reduce our competitive advantage and harm our business. Not only are intellectual property-related
proceedings burdensome and costly, but they could span years to resolve and we might not ultimately prevail. We cannot guarantee that
any patents, issued or pending, will provide us with any competitive advantage or will not be challenged by third parties. Moreover, the
expiration of our patents may lead to increased competition with respect to certain products. 

Potential tariffs or a global trade war
have increased our costs and could further increase the cost of our products, which could adversely impact the competitiveness of our
products and our financial results. 

In 2019, the Trump Administration
announced tariffs on goods imported from China in connection with China s intellectual property practices. Our products depend on
materials from China, namely inverters and batteries, which are the main components of our products. Traditionally, the tariff rate for
our imports has been 3.4 . Presently, our tariff rate is 10.9 on these imports. To date, the Biden Administration has made no significant
changes to these Chinese tariffs. 

We cannot predict what actions
may ultimately be taken with respect to tariffs or trade relations between the United States and China, what products may be subject to
such actions, or what actions may be taken by the China in retaliation. The tariffs described above, the adoption and expansion of trade
restrictions, the occurrence of a trade war, or other governmental action related to tariffs, trade agreements or related policies have
the potential to adversely impact our supply chain and access to equipment, our costs and our product margins. Any such cost increases
or decreases in availability could slow our growth and cause our financial results and operational metrics to suffer. 

Our industry is subject to technological
change, and our failure to continue developing new and improved products and to bring these products rapidly to market could have an adverse
impact on our business. 

New products, or refinements
and improvements to our existing products, may have technical failures, delayed introductions, higher than expected production costs or
may not be well accepted by our customers. If we are not able to anticipate, identify, develop and market high quality products in line
with technological advancements that respond to changes in customer preferences, demand for our products could decline and our operating
results could be adversely affected. 

Public company compliance may make it more
difficult to attract and retain officers and directors. 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act and
rules subsequently implemented by the SEC have required changes in corporate governance practices of public companies. As a recent Nasdaq
listed public company, we expect these rules and regulations to increase our compliance costs and to make certain activities more time
consuming and costly. As a public company, we also expect that these rules and regulations may make it more difficult and expensive for
us to obtain director and officer liability insurance in the future and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage
or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and
retain qualified persons to serve on our Board of Directors or as executive officers. 

15 

Confidentiality agreements with employees
and third parties may not prevent unauthorized disclosure of trade secrets and other proprietary information, and our inability to maintain
the confidentiality of that information, due to unauthorized disclosure or use, or other event, could have a material adverse effect on
our business. 

In addition to the protection
afforded by patents, we seek to rely on trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to protect proprietary know-how that is
not patentable or that we elect not to patent, processes for which patents are difficult to enforce, and any other elements of our product
discovery and development processes that involve proprietary know-how, information, or technology that is not covered by patents. Trade
secrets, however, may be difficult to protect. We seek to protect our proprietary processes, in part, by entering into confidentiality
agreements with our employees, consultants, advisors, contractors and collaborators. Although we use reasonable efforts to protect our
trade secrets, our employees, consultants, advisors, contractors, and collaborators might intentionally or inadvertently disclose our
trade secret information to competitors. In addition, competitors may otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or independently develop
substantially equivalent information and techniques. Furthermore, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights
to the same extent or in the same manner as the laws of the United States. As a result, we may encounter significant problems in protecting
and defending our intellectual property both in the United States and abroad. If we are unable to prevent unauthorized material disclosure
of our intellectual property to third parties, or misappropriation of our intellectual property by third parties, we will not be able
to establish or maintain a competitive advantage in our market, which could materially adversely affect our business, operating results
and financial condition. 

We are heavily reliant on Brent Willson,
our Chief Executive Officer and President, and the departure or loss of Brent Willson could disrupt our business. 

We depend heavily on the continued
efforts of Brent Willson, our Chief Executive Officer and President and a director. Mr. Willson, who is also a director, is the founder
of NeoVolta and is essential to our strategic vision and day-to-day operations and would be difficult to replace. The departure or loss
of Mr. Willson, or the inability to timely hire and retain a qualified replacement, could negatively impact our ability to manage our
business. 

If we are unable to recruit and retain key
management, technical and sales personnel, our business would be negatively affected. 

For our business to be successful,
we need to attract and retain highly qualified technical, management and sales personnel. The failure to recruit additional key personnel
when needed with specific qualifications and on acceptable terms or to retain good relationships with our partners might impede our ability
to continue to develop, commercialize and sell our products. To the extent the demand for skilled personnel exceeds supply, we could experience
higher labor, recruiting and training costs in order to attract and retain such employees. We face competition for qualified personnel
from other companies with significantly more resources available to them and thus may not be able to attract the level of personnel needed
for our business to succeed. 

Risks Related to Our Securities 

Our executive officers and directors will
exercise significant control over us for the foreseeable future, which will limit our shareholders ability to influence corporate matters
and could delay or prevent a change in corporate control. 

Our executive officers and
directors currently hold or have the right to acquire, in the aggregate, up to approximately 15.0 of our outstanding common stock. As
a result, these stockholders will be able to influence our management and affairs and heavily influence the outcome of matters submitted
to our stockholders for approval, including the election of directors and any sale, merger, consolidation, or sale of all or substantially
all of our assets. 

These stockholders may have
interests, with respect to their common stock, that are different from our other stockholders and the concentration of voting power among
one or more of these stockholders may have an adverse effect on the price of our common stock. 

In addition, this concentration
of ownership might adversely affect the market price of our common stock by: (1) delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control
of our company; (2) impeding a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving our company; or (3) discouraging
a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company. 

16 

Future sales of shares by existing stockholders
could cause our stock price to decline. 

If our existing stockholders,
who acquired their shares of common stock at prices substantially below our current trading price, sell, or indicate an intention to sell,
substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market after the contractual lock-up agreements such stockholders entered into in
connection with our July 2022 offering expire and other restrictions on resale lapse, the trading price of our common stock could be adversely
impacted. 

Certain of our stockholders
holding an aggregate of 13,907,867 shares at the time of our July 2022 public offering and our officers and directors, agreed not to offer,
sell, dispose of or hedge such shares of our common stock through January 23, 2023. Upon the expiration of the lock-up agreements, all
such shares became eligible for resale in the public market, subject to applicable securities laws, including the Securities Act. Upon
ability to sell shares pursuant to Rule 144, the trading price of our common stock could be adversely impacted if these stockholders sell,
or indicate an intention to sell, substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market. 

Nevada law and provisions in our articles
of incorporation and bylaws could make a takeover proposal more difficult. 

We are a Nevada corporation
and the anti-takeover provisions of the Nevada Revised Statutes may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control by prohibiting us
from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the person becomes an interested
stockholder, even if a change in control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. In addition, our articles of incorporation
and bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a change in our management or control over us that stockholders may consider favorable. Our
articles of incorporation and bylaws: 

authorize the issuance of blank check preferred stock that could be issued by our board
of directors to thwart a takeover attempt; 
 
 place restrictive requirements (including advance notification of stockholder nominations and proposals)
on how special meetings of stockholders may be called by our stockholders; do not provide stockholders with the ability to cumulate their
votes; and 
 
 provide that our board of directors may amend our bylaws. 

Additionally, our authorized
capital includes preferred stock issuable in one or more series. Our board has the authority to issue preferred stock and determine the
price, designation, rights, preferences, privileges, restrictions and conditions, including voting and dividend rights, of those shares
without any further vote or action by stockholders. The rights of the holders of common stock will be subject to, and may be adversely
affected by, the rights of holders of any preferred stock that may be issued in the future. The issuance of additional preferred stock,
while providing desirable flexibility in connection with possible financings and acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could make
it more difficult for a third party to acquire a majority of the voting power of our outstanding voting securities, which could deprive
our holders of common stock of a premium that they might otherwise realize in connection with a proposed acquisition of our company. 

As an emerging growth company 
under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act, or JOBS Act, we are permitted to, and intend to, rely on exemptions from certain disclosure
requirements. 

As an emerging growth
company under the JOBS Act, we are permitted to, and intend to, rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements. We are
an emerging growth company until the earliest of: 

the last day of the fiscal year during which we have total annual gross revenues of 1 billion or more; 
 
 the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of our initial public offering; 
 
 the date on which we have, during the previous 3-year period, issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible
debt; or 
 
 the date on which we are deemed a large accelerated issuer as defined under the federal
securities laws. 

17 

For so long as we remain an
emerging growth company, we will not be required to: 

have an auditor report on our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002; 
 
 comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding
mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial
statements (auditor discussion and analysis); 
 
 submit certain executive compensation matters to shareholders advisory votes pursuant to the say
on frequency and say on pay provisions (requiring a non-binding shareholder vote to approve compensation of certain
executive officers) and the say on golden parachute provisions (requiring a non-binding shareholder vote to approve golden
parachute arrangements for certain executive officers in connection with mergers and certain other business combinations) of the Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010; and 
 
 include detailed compensation discussion and analysis in our filings under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, and instead may provide a reduced level of disclosure concerning executive compensation. 

For so long as we remain an
emerging growth company, we: 

may present only two years of audited financial statements and only two years of related Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, or MD and 
 
 are eligible to claim longer phase-in periods for the adoption of new or revised financial accounting
standards under 107 of the JOBS Act. 

We intend to take advantage
of all of these reduced reporting requirements and exemptions. 

Certain of these reduced reporting
requirements and exemptions were already available to us due to the fact that we also qualify as a smaller reporting company 
under SEC rules. For instance, smaller reporting companies are not required to obtain an auditor attestation and report regarding management s
assessment of internal control over financial reporting; are not required to provide a compensation discussion and analysis; are not required
to provide a pay-for-performance graph or CEO pay ratio disclosure; and may present only two years of audited financial statements and
related MD A disclosure. 

We cannot predict if investors
will find our securities less attractive due to our reliance on these exemptions. If investors were to find our common stock less attractive
as a result of our election, we may have difficulty raising additional capital. 

Our shareholders may experience dilution
of their ownership interests because of the future issuance of additional shares of our common or preferred stock or other securities
that are convertible into or exercisable for our common or preferred stock. 

We are authorized to issue an aggregate of 100,000,000
shares of common stock and 5,000,000 shares of blank check preferred stock. In the future, we may issue our authorized but
previously unissued equity securities, resulting in the dilution of the ownership interests of our present stockholders. 

We intend to seek to raise
additional funds, finance acquisitions or develop strategic relationships by issuing equity or convertible debt securities, which would
reduce the percentage ownership of our existing stockholders. Our board of directors has the authority, without action or vote of the
stockholders, to issue all or any part of our authorized but unissued shares of common or preferred stock. Our articles of incorporation
authorizes us to issue up to 100,000,000 shares of common stock and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock. Future issuances of common or
preferred stock would reduce our stockholders influence over matters on which stockholders vote and would be dilutive to earnings per
share. In addition, any newly issued preferred stock could have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of the common stock.
Those rights, preferences and privileges could include, among other things, the establishment of dividends that must be paid prior to
declaring or paying dividends or other distributions to holders of our common stock or providing for preferential liquidation rights.
These rights, preferences and privileges could negatively affect the rights of holders of our common stock, and the right to convert such
preferred stock into shares of our common stock at a rate or price that would have a dilutive effect on the outstanding shares of our
common stock. 

18 

We do not anticipate paying dividends on
our common stock, and investors may lose the entire amount of their investment. 

Cash dividends have never
been declared or paid on our common stock, and we do not anticipate such a declaration or payment for the foreseeable future. We expect
to use future earnings, if any, to fund business growth. Therefore, stockholders will not receive any funds absent a sale of their shares
of common stock. If we do not pay dividends, our common stock may be less valuable because a return on your investment will only occur
if our stock price appreciates. We cannot assure stockholders of a positive return on their investment when they sell their shares, nor
can we assure that stockholders will not lose the entire amount of their investment. 

The Warrants we issued in our July 2022
offering are speculative in nature, and the trading market for our Warrants are volatile, sporadic and limited. 

The Warrants we issued in
our July 2022 offering do not confer any rights of common stock ownership on their holders, such as voting rights or the right to receive
dividends, but rather merely represent the right to acquire shares of our common stock at a fixed price for a limited period of time.
Specifically, commencing on the date of issuance, holders of the Warrants may exercise their right to acquire the common stock and pay
an exercise price of 4.00 per share, up to five years from the date of issuance, after which date any unexercised Warrants will expire
and have no further value. In addition, the trading market for the Warrants is volatile, sporadic and limited. 

Holders of the Warrants we issued in our
July 2022 offering will have no rights as a common stockholder until they acquire our common stock . 

Until holders of the Warrants
we issued in our July 2022 offering acquire shares of our common stock upon exercise of the Warrants, the holders will have no rights
with respect to shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants. Upon exercise of the Warrants, the holder will be entitled
to exercise the rights of a common stockholder as to the security exercised only as to matters for which the record date occurs after
the exercise. 

Although our securities became listed on
Nasdaq in August 2022, there can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with the continued listing standards of Nasdaq, a failure
of which could result in a de-listing of our common stock . 

The Nasdaq Capital Market
requires that the trading price of its listed stocks remain above one dollar in order for the stock to remain listed. If a listed stock
trades below one dollar for more than 30 consecutive trading days, then it is subject to delisting from Nasdaq. In addition, to maintain
a listing on Nasdaq, we must satisfy minimum financial and other continued listing requirements and standards, including those regarding
director independence and independent committee requirements, minimum stockholders equity, and certain corporate governance requirements.
Additionally, we may become subject to an evolving set of compliance regulations pertaining to environmental, social and governance ESG matters as well as cybersecurity standards that are promulgated by Nasdaq or other regulatory bodies. If we are able to maintain the listing
of our securities on Nasdaq, we may be unable to satisfy these requirements or standards and we could subject our securities to delisting,
which would have a negative effect on the price of our common stock and would impair our security holders ability to sell or purchase
our common stock or Warrants when they wish to do so. In the event of a delisting, we would expect to take actions to restore our compliance
with the listing requirements, but we can provide no assurance that any such action taken by us would allow our securities to become listed
again, stabilize the market price or improve the liquidity of our securities, prevent our securities from dropping below the minimum bid
price requirement, or prevent future non-compliance with the listing requirements. 

The price of our common stock and Warrants
may be volatile. 

The market price of our common
stock and Warrants is highly volatile and could fluctuate widely in price in response to various factors, many of which are beyond our
control, including the following: 

changes in our industry; 
 
 competitive pricing pressures; 
 
 our ability to obtain working capital financing; 
 
 additions or departures of key personnel; 
 
 conversions from preferred stock to common stock; 
 
 sales of our common and preferred stock; 
 
 our ability to execute our business plan; 
 
 operating results that fall below expectations; 
 
 loss of any strategic relationship; 
 
 regulatory developments; and 
 
 economic and other external factors. 

19 

In addition, the securities markets have from
time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies.
These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock and Warrants. 

Negative research about our business published
by analysts or journalists could cause our stock price to decline. A lack of regularly published research about our business could cause
trading volume or our stock price to decline. 

The trading market for our
common stock depends in part on the research and reports that analysts and journalists publish about us or our business. If analysts or
journalists publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price would likely decline. If we fail to meet the
expectations of analysts for our operating results, or if the analysts who covers us downgrade our stock, our stock price would likely
decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of us or fails to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our stock could
decrease, which could cause our stock price and trading volume to decline. 

Claims for indemnification by our directors
and officers may reduce our available funds to satisfy successful third-party claims against us and may reduce the amount of money available
to us. 

Our articles of incorporation
and bylaws contain provisions that eliminate, to the maximum extent permitted by the corporation law of the State of Nevada, the personal
liability of our directors and executive officers for monetary damages for breach of their fiduciary duties as a director or officer.
Our articles of incorporation and bylaws also provide that we will indemnify our directors and executive officers and may indemnify our
employees and other agents to the fullest extent permitted by the corporation law of the State of Nevada. Any claims for indemnification
made by our directors or officers could impact our cash resources and our ability to fund the business. 

Shareholder activism could cause material
disruption to our business. 

Publicly traded companies
have increasingly become subject to campaigns by activist investors advocating corporate actions such as actions related to environment,
social and governance (ESG) matters, among other issues. Responding to proxy contests and other actions by such activist investors or
others in the future could be costly and time-consuming, disrupt our operations and divert the attention of our Board of Directors and
senior management from the pursuit of our business strategies, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Commencing January 2021, we
moved into a new dedicated headquarters and manufacturing facility in Poway, California, just north of San Diego. This state-of-the-art,
energy-efficient facility has ample square footage, shipping and receiving space, and office spaces to support the company s growth
by providing double the production capability and increases shipping efficiency from that of our previous facility. We believe this facility
will accommodate our growth for at least three years. The facility was secured under a sublease agreement with our former contract manufacturer.
Under the terms of the sublease agreement, we are currently required to make rental payments of 10,750 per month, including our share
of operating expenses. We entered into the sublease agreement with our former contract manufacturer, effective January 1, 2021, for an
initial term of 12 months. The sublease is renewable for additional terms of 12 months upon mutual agreement of both parties, provided
thirty days notice is given for each subsequent term, at a modest increase in the monthly rent, through February 28, 2025. However,
we are under no obligation to renew it. 

We do not own any real property. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We are currently not a party
to any pending legal proceeding, nor is our property the subject of a pending legal proceeding, that we believe is not ordinary routine
litigation incidental to our business or otherwise material to the financial condition of our business. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

20 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Since July 28, 2022, our common
stock and Warrants have been listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market Nasdaq under the symbols NEOV and NEOVW, 
respectively. From October 2019 to July 27, 2022, our common stock was quoted on the OTCQB Marketplace (the OTCQB under
the symbol NEOV. 

Holders 

As of September 22, 2023,
there were approximately 28 holders of record of our common stock. The number of record holders does not include beneficial owners of
common stock whose shares are held in the names of banks, brokers, nominees or other fiduciaries. 

Dividends 

We have never paid any cash
dividends on our common stock. We currently anticipate that we will retain all future earnings for use in our business. Consequently,
we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends in the future will depend upon our
results of operations, as well as our short term and long-term cash availability, working capital, working capital needs, and other factors
as determined by our Board of Directors. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

In the three months ended
March 31, 2023, we also issued a total of 9,759 shares of common stock to two of our independent installers as payment for reaching certain
volume thresholds pursuant to their distribution agreements. The securities were issued in reliance on the exemption from registration
provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers

We did not repurchase any of our equity securities
during the year ended June 30, 2023. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion
should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this report. Certain statements in
this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations are forward-looking statements
that are based on current expectations and involve various risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially
from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. We encourage you to review the Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements and Risk Factors sections in this report. 

Overview 

We are a designer, manufacturer,
and seller of high-end Energy Storage Systems (or ESS), primarily our NeoVolta NV14, NV14-K, and NV 24, which can store and use energy
via batteries and an inverter at residential or commercial sites. We were founded to identify new ways to leverage emerging technologies
with the dynamic changes that are taking place in the energy delivery space. We primarily market and sell our products directly to our
certified solar installers and solar equipment distributors. We are also pursuing agreements with residential developers, commercial developers,
and other commercial opportunities. Because we are purely dedicated to energy solar systems, virtually all of our current resources and
efforts go into further developing our flagship NV14, NV14-K, and NV 24 products, while focusing on specific industry needs for our next
generation of products. We believe we are unique in the marketplace due to our low cost, our innovative battery chemistry, our product
versatility and our commitment to installer service. Because of these factors, we believe NeoVolta is uniquely equipped to establish itself
as a major player in the energy storage market. 

21 

In May 2019, we completed
a public offering of shares of our common stock pursuant to Regulation A of the Securities Act (the IPO ). The IPO was for
a total of 3,500,000 shares of our common stock at an offering price of 1.00 per share. We used the proceeds of the IPO to ramp up production,
marketing, and sales of our NV14 product line. In that regard, we have used the proceeds from the offering to fund the marketing, production
and distribution of our products, which commenced in July 2019 through a group of wholesale customers in California, as well as to provide
additional working capital for other corporate purposes. We have expanded to include one wholesale distribution customer in Nevada. 

As further discussed below
under Liquidity and Capital Resources, we completed an underwritten public offering of our equity securities in the form
of Units in August 2022. We sold a total of 1,121,250 Units in the offering at an offering price to the public of 4.00 per Unit. The
gross proceeds of the offering were 4,485,000 and the net proceeds, after deduction of underwriting discounts and other offering costs,
were approximately 3,780,000. We are using the proceeds of this public offering to increase our current production capacity, expand our
product portfolio, enlarge our product marketing and sales efforts, and for other general corporate purposes. 

Results of Operations 

Comparison of the Years
Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Revenues - Revenues
from contracts with customers for the year ended June 30, 2023 were 3,455,813 compared to 4,473,514 for the year ended June 30, 2022.
Such decrease was primarily due to the pendency of the April 2023 effective date of new utility
regulations in the State of California that we believe caused an economic disincentive for residential utility customers to acquire our
 energy storage systems prior to the effective date of those regulations (see Item 1. Business - Regulatory Environment 
for a discussion of the new utility regulations). 

Cost of Goods Sold 
- Cost of goods sold for the year ended June 30, 2023 were 2,767,818 compared to 3,806,381 for the year ended June 30, 2022. The cost
of goods sold in both periods reflected the cost of procuring and assembling the component parts of the energy storage systems that were
sold in each fiscal year and resulted in gross profits on such sales of approximately 20 and 15 , respectively, with such increase largely
being due to transitional factors related to the recent assumption of manufacturing operations from our contract operator which are not
expected to be recurring in the future. 

General and Administrative
Expense - General and administrative expenses for the year ended June 30, 2023 were 3,293,758 compared to 6,353,920 for the year
ended June 30, 2022. Such decrease was primarily due to the reduction in the expense recorded for the fair value of incentive shares of
common stock earned by our executive officers under their new employment contracts, effective in March 2022. 

Research and Development
Expense - Research and development expenses for year ended June 30, 2023 were 29,936 compared to 68,503 for year ended June 30,
2022. Such fluctuation was due to a modest decrease in the level of our product development efforts. 

Interest Expense -
Interest expense for the year ended June 30, 2023 was 4,134 compared to 49,544 for the year ended June 30, 2022. This decrease resulted
from the conversion of our 2018 and 2021 convertible notes in conjunction with the closing of our public equity offering in August 2022. 

Net Loss - Net loss
for the year ended June 30, 2023 was 2,639,833 compared to 5,804,834 for the year ended June 30, 2022, representing the aggregate of
the various revenue and expense categories indicated above. We have not recognized any income tax benefit for these net losses due to
the uncertainty of our ultimate realization. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Operating activities .
Net cash used in operating activities in the year ended June 30, 2023 was 2,108,001, compared to 1,163,296 in the year ended June 30,
2022, reflecting a significant increase in net working capital requirements for operations of approximately 800,000 in the current fiscal
year period. 

Financing activities .
Net cash provided by financing activities in the year ended June 30, 2023 was 3,780,405, compared to 1,068,000 in the year ended June
30, 2022. As further discussed below, our net cash provided by financing activities in the year ended June 30, 2023 was entirely attributable
to the successful completion of an underwritten public offering of our equity securities in early August 2022. Our net cash provided by
financing activities in the year ended June 30, 2022 resulted from the issuance of our convertible notes payable to a group of accredited
investors in October 2021 in the amount of 1,068,000. Such notes were ultimately converted into common stock in conjunction with the
closing of our public offering in August 2022. 

22 

We completed an underwritten
public offering of our equity securities in the form of Units in early August 2022. Each Unit consisted of one share of common stock and
one warrant to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of 4.00 per share. We sold a total of 1,121,250 Units in the offering
at an offering price to the public of 4.00 per Unit. The gross proceeds of the offering, including the underwriters exercise of
the overallotment option, were 4,485,000 and the net proceeds, after deduction of underwriting discounts and other offering costs, were
approximately 3,780,000. 

In conjunction with the public
offering, all holders of our 2018 convertible notes in the total amount of 59,251, including accrued interest, converted their debt into
a total of 9,404,867 shares of common stock at the stated conversion rate, and all holders of our 2021 convertible notes in the total
amount of 1,120,035, including accrued interest, converted their debt into a total of 267,000 shares of common stock at the stated conversion
rate. As a result of the simultaneous conversion of both sets of convertible notes, we fully eliminated our convertible debt. 

As of June 30, 2023, we had
a cash balance of 2.0 million and net working capital of approximately 6.5 million. Currently, we are not generating a break-even level
of net operating cash flow from our net sales. However, we anticipate that demand for our products will ultimately increase over time
and that we will have sufficient cash to operate for at least the next 12 months. 

Recent Assembly Inventory Purchase 

In April 2023, we closed the
bulk purchase of raw materials inventory from our contract manufacturer by making a cash payment to that company in the net amount of
approximately 1.3 million. This transaction was completed pursuant to an amendment of our Master Supply Agreement with our contract manufacturer.
In addition to the purchase of the raw materials inventory from our contract manufacturer, this amendment provided for the eventual assumption
by us of full responsibility from our contract manufacturer for the manufacturing of our proprietary Energy Storage Systems ESS units. Pursuant to the amendment, we assumed such responsibility for the manufacturing process surrounding our ESS units from our contract
manufacturer on June 1, 2023. In conjunction with assuming this responsibility, we hired the two employees of our contract manufacturer
who previously performed contract manufacturing services for us. 

We plan to hire three additional
 assemblers in the second half of 2023. All of our manufacturing certifications are listed under NeoVolta. This amended agreement
had no effect on our present Sublease Agreement with our contract manufacturer, pertaining to our existing manufacturing location in Poway,
CA (see Item 2 Properties ). 

Other Developments 

As a result of the continued
spread of the COVID-19 coronavirus since early 2020, economic uncertainties have arisen which could impact business operations, supply
chains, energy demand, and commodity prices that are beyond our control. In early 2022, we experienced some negative impact of the COVID-19
pandemic on the sales of our assembled energy storage systems, primarily through a group of wholesale dealers and installers located in
California. We continue to monitor COVID-19, but do not believe it will have a material unfavorable impact to our future financial performance
at this time. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets
or liabilities which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303 of Regulation S-K. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The financial statements have
been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, or GAAP. The preparation of these financial
statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported expenses incurred during the reporting
periods. Our estimates are based on our limited historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under
the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are
not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

23 

We believe that certain accounting
policies, particularly those related to the recognition of revenues arising from the sales of our ESS products to customers of our business,
affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements. With regard to revenue recognition,
the Company recognizes revenue in accordance with Accounting Standard Update ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers
(Topic 606), which was adopted on July 1, 2019 using the modified retrospective method, with no impact to the Company s comparative
financial statements. Revenues are recognized when control of the promised goods is transferred to the customer in an amount that reflects
the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for transferring those goods or services. Revenue is recognized based
on the following five step model: 

Identification of the contact with a customer 
 
 Identification of the performance obligations
in the contract 
 
 Determination of the transaction price 
 
 Allocation of the transaction price to the performance
obligations in the contract 
 
 Recognition of revenue when, or as, the Company
satisfies a performance obligation 

See Note 1. Business
and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the notes to our financial statements for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023,
set forth below under, Index to Financial Statements , for a further description of our critical accounting policies and
estimates. 

Emerging Growth Company and Smaller Reporting
Company Status 

We are an emerging growth
company, as defined in the JOBS Act. Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards
issued subsequent to the enactment of the JOBS Act until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We elected to use this
extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private
companies until the earlier of the date that we (i) are no longer an emerging growth company or (ii) affirmatively and irrevocably opt
out of the extended transition period provided in the JOBS Act. As a result, these financial statements may not be comparable to companies
that comply with the new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. We are using the extended transition
period for any other new or revised accounting standards during the period in which we remain an emerging growth company. 

We will remain an emerging
growth company until the earliest of (i) the last day of our first fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of
our August 2022 offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenues of at least 1.235 billion or (c) in which we are deemed to
be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700.0 million as
of the prior June 30th and (ii) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the
prior three-year period. 

We are also a smaller
reporting company, meaning that the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates is less than 700.0 million and our annual
revenue is less than 100.0 million during the most recently completed fiscal year. We may continue to be a smaller reporting company
if either (i) the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates is less than 250.0 million or (ii) our annual revenue is less than
 100.0 million during the most recently completed fiscal year and the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates is less than 700.0
million. If we are a smaller reporting company at the time we cease to be an emerging growth company, we may continue to rely on exemptions
from certain disclosure requirements that are available to smaller reporting companies. Specifically, as a smaller reporting company we
may choose to present only the two most recent fiscal years of audited financial statements in our Annual Reports on Form 10-K and, similar
to emerging growth companies, smaller reporting companies have reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISKS 

We are a smaller reporting
company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide information required under this item. 

24 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA 

NeoVolta Inc. 

 Index to Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 26 

Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 27 

Statements of Operations for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 28 

Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 29 

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 30 

Notes to the Financial Statements 
 31 

25 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 NeoVolta, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of NeoVolta, Inc. (the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the related statements of operations, stockholders 
equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30,
2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

 www.malonebailey.com 

 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 

September 22, 2023 

26 

NEOVOLTA INC. 

 Balance Sheets 

June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Assets 
 
 Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory 

Prepaid insurance and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued interest payable 

Other accrued liabilities 

Convertible notes payable 

Total current liabilities 

Convertible notes payable 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 5) 

Stockholders' equity: 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

See Accompanying Notes to Financial Statements. 

27 

NEOVOLTA INC. 

 Statements of Operations 

Year Ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 

Revenues from contracts with customers 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative 

Research and development 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other expense: 

Interest expense 

Total other expense 

Net loss 

Weighted average shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

Net loss per share - basic and diluted 

See Accompanying Notes to Financial Statements. 

28 

NEOVOLTA INC. 

 Statements of Stockholders' Equity 

 Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Additional 
 
 Total 

Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Balance at June 30, 2021 

Issuance of common stock for conversion of debt and accrued interest 

Stock compensation expense 

Adjustment for change in accounting principle 

Net loss 

Balance at June 30, 2022 

Issuance of common stock in underwritten public offering 

Issuance of common stock for conversion of debt and accrued interest 

Stock compensation expense 

Net loss 

Balance at June 30, 2023 

See Accompanying Notes to Financial Statements. 

29 

NEOVOLTA INC. 

 Statements of Cash Flows 

Year Ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operations: 

Stock compensation expense 

Bad debt expense 

Changes in current assets and liabilities 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable - others 

Accrued expenses 

Net cash flows used in operating activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Underwritten public offering of common stock 

Proceeds from convertible notes payable 

Net cash flows from financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Supplemental non-cash financing activities: 

Convertible notes payable and accrued interest converted to common stock 

Adjustment of debt discount related to adoption of new accounting principle 

See Accompanying Notes to Financial Statements. 

30 

NEOVOLTA INC. 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 June 30, 2023 

. 

million . Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value, cost being determined using the first-in, first out
(FIFO) method. The Company periodically reviews the value of items in inventory and records an allowance to reduce the carrying value
of inventory to the lower of cost or net realizable value based on its assessment of market conditions, inventory turnover and current
stock levels. Inventory write-downs are charged to cost of goods sold. No inventory reserve was required as of June 30, 2023 and 2022.
The following table presents the components of inventory as of June 30, 2023 and 2022: 

Work in process 

Finished goods 

Total 

The Company generates revenues
from contracts with customers, consisting of a relatively small number of wholesale dealers and installers, primarily in California. In
the year ended June 30, 2023, three such dealers represented approximately , and of the Company s revenues, however,
no other dealers accounted for more than 10 of the revenues in such period. Those same three dealers plus one other one represented an
aggregate of approximately of the Company s accounts receivable as of June 30, 2023 (net of allowance), however, no other dealers
accounted for more than 10 of the accounts receivable as of June 30, 2023. In the year ended June 30, 2022, two such dealers represented
approximately each of the Company s revenues. Under its present contracts with customers, the Company s sole performance
obligation is the delivery of products to the customer. Since all of the Company s revenue is currently generated from the sales
of similar products delivered to customers in domestic locations, no further disaggregation of revenue information for the years ended
June 30, 2023 and 2022 is provided. 

and zero, respectively. 

shares as follows: (i) shares related
to warrants issued to investors in the public offering completed in August 2022; (ii) shares related to warrants issued to the
underwriters in that same offering; and (iii) shares related to restricted stock units granted to an officer in March 2022 (see
Note 3). 

t have any financial assets or liabilities measured and recorded at fair value on the Company s balance sheets
on a recurring basis. 

shares of our common stock at the respective conversion rates. Each of these two series of our converted notes
payable is further described below. 

In May 2018, we entered into
convertible note payable agreements with a group of accredited investors for aggregate proceeds of 104,688. Each unsecured note originally
bore interest at a rate of 12 per annum, which was later reduced by mutual agreement to 3.99 per annum in May 2019. Subsequently, the
holders of certain of these notes elected to convert or exchange certain portions of their convertible notes payable into shares of our
common stock, based upon the stated conversion rate of 0.0063 per share. As of the closing of our underwritten public offering in August
2022, the holders of the remaining balance of such unconverted notes in the total amount of , including accrued interest, agreed
to convert their debt into a total of shares of our common stock at the stated conversion rate of 0.0063 per share. 

In October 2021, we
entered into convertible note payable agreements with a group of accredited investors for aggregate proceeds of .
Each unsecured note bore interest at a rate of 6 per annum. As of the closing of our underwritten public offering in August 2022,
pursuant to the terms of such convertible notes, the notes in the total amount of 1,120,035, including accrued interest, were
automatically converted into a total of 
shares of our common stock at the stated conversion rate of 4.00 of principal per share. 

Units, including exercise of the underwriter s overallotment option, were sold at an offering price
to the public of 4.00 per Unit. The gross proceeds of the offering were and the net proceeds, after deduction of underwriting
discounts and other offering costs were approximately . The Company also granted the underwriter non-tradeable warrants to purchase
a total of shares of common stock at an exercise price of 4.40 per share for a period of five years. 

In conjunction with the public
offering, all holders of the Company s 2018 convertible notes in the total amount of , including accrued interest, converted
their debt into a total of shares of common stock at the stated conversion rate, and all holders of the Company s 2021
convertible notes in the total amount of 1,068,000 converted their debt into a total of shares of common stock at the stated
conversion rate (see Note 2). 

In the year ended June 30,
2022, the holders of the 2018 convertible notes payable having total principal and accrued interest balances in the aggregate amount of
 elected to convert their notes. Based upon the stated conversion price of 0.0063 per share, these holders converted their notes
payable into a total of shares of common stock (see Note 2). 

Warrants The
Warrants for a total of shares of common stock issued to investors and the underwriters are exercisable at any time after their
original issuance and at any time up to the date that is five years after their original issuance, or August 1, 2027. The Warrants may
be exercised upon payment of the exercise price in cash on or prior to the expiration date. Under the terms of the Warrant Agreement,
we must use our best efforts to maintain the effectiveness of the registration statement and current prospectus relating to common stock
issuable upon exercise of the Warrants until the expiration of the Warrants. If we fail to maintain the effectiveness of the registration
statement and current prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants, the holders of the Warrants shall
have the right to exercise the Warrants solely via a cashless exercise feature provided for in the Warrants, until such time as there
is an effective registration statement and current prospectus. 

The following table presents
activity with respect to the Company s warrants for the year ended June 30, 2023: 

Warrants issued to Public Investors 

Warrants issued to Underwriters 

Outstanding at June 30, 2023 

Exercisable at June 30, 2023 

These warrants were issued
in conjunction with an underwritten public equity offering, therefore, there was no employee or non-employee compensation expense recognized. 

Stock Compensation
Expense In February 2022, we entered into a new employment agreement with our Chief Executive Officer CEO ),
effective April 1, 2022. The initial term of the employment agreement was one year and is automatically renewable for additional one-year
terms unless either party chooses not to renew the agreement. The agreement provides for an initial annual salary of 165,000. Pursuant
to the agreement, we issued our CEO a restricted stock unit RSU award for up to 150,000 shares of our common stock upon
achieving the following milestones (which achievements shall be determined by the Board): (i) Milestone 1 - Successfully complete an uplisting
of our common stock in 2022 and continue his employment with our company until January 1, 2023: 50,000 shares; and (ii) Milestone 2 -
Produce 2,000 ESSs in 2022 and continue his employment with our company until January 1, 2023: 100,000 shares. As of January 1, 2023,
Milestone 1 was achieved, however, Milestone 2 was not achieved. The underlying shares of common stock earned under Milestone 1
were issued to the CEO as of that date. 

In February 2022, we entered
into a new employment agreement with our Chief Financial Officer CFO ), effective March 1, 2022. The initial term of the
employment agreement is one year and is automatically renewable for additional one-year terms unless either party chooses not to renew
the agreement. The agreement provides for an initial annual salary of 125,000. Pursuant to the agreement, we issued our CFO an RSU award
for up to 300,000 shares of our common stock upon achieving the following milestones (which achievements shall be determined by the Board):
(i) Milestone 1 - Successfully complete an uplisting of our common stock in 2022 and continue his employment with our company until January
1, 2023: 250,000 shares; and (ii) Milestone 2 - successfully complete and file the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended June 30,
2023 no later than September 29, 2023 and continue his employment with our company until January 1, 2024: 50,000 shares. Milestone 1 was
achieved as of January 1, 2023, and the underlying shares of common stock earned under Milestone 1 were issued to the CFO as of
that date. 

Based upon the Company s
assessment of the probability of the CEO and CFO ultimately achieving each milestone specified under the RSU awards indicated above, the
Company has calculated the grant date value of such awards and is amortizing it as stock compensation expense over the underlying performance
periods. The Company has recognized stock compensation expense applicable to such RSU awards in the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022
in the amounts of and , respectively. 

In conjunction with our public
offering in August 2022, we appointed two new independent directors and adopted a new compensation plan for all independent directors
based on an annual compensation amount of 65,000 to be paid quarterly with not less than 70 of such amount paid in shares of our common
stock, calculated based on the share price at the end of such prior fiscal quarter, and up to 30 paid in cash, with such final amounts
to be determined by each director. As of June 30, 2023, we booked an annual accrual of of compensation expense (of which 175,500
will be settled through the issuance of shares) for our three independent directors under this plan. At the same time, we also granted
 shares, with a grant date value of , to various advisors pursuant to annual contracts for their services. 

In the year ended June 30,
2023, we recognized total non-cash stock compensation expense of as follows: (i) for the amortized value of the
RSUs granted to our two executive officers, as previously described; (ii) for the amortized value of the portion of the new compensation
plan for our independent directors that is attributable to stock; (iii) for the net amortized value of the shares granted to various
advisors under their annual service contracts; and (iv) for the fair value of incentive shares earned by two wholesale dealers
as of December 31, 2022 (see Note 5). There was a total of shares of common stock that were issued to various grantees, including
our two executive officers, in the year ended June 30, 2023, of which shares were previously expensed in the year ended June 30,
2022. 

In the year ended June 30,
2022, we recognized total non-cash stock compensation expense of as follows: (i) for the fair value of 500,000 incentive
shares earned as of December 31, 2021 by a company controlled by the Company s CEO under a previous compensation plan (which were
not issued until early 2022); (ii) for the initial amortized value of the RSUs granted to our two executive officers, as previously
described; and (iii) for the fair value of earned shares issued to several other grantees, including for the amortized
value of 50,000 shares attributable to a new independent director and for 8,568 incentive shares earned by a wholesale dealer
as of December 31, 2021 (see Note 5). There was a total of shares of common stock that were issued to various grantees in the
year ended June 30, 2022. 

Other Matters 
In February 2019, the Company s Board of Directors approved the establishment of a new 2019 Stock Option Plan with an authorization
for the issuance of up to shares of common stock. The Plan is designed to provide for future discretionary grants of stock options,
stock awards and stock unit awards to key employees and non-employee directors. As of June 30, 2023, the Company has made awards totaling
 shares for the RSU s granted to two executives, as noted above, under the Plan. 

Change in valuation allowance 

Provision for income taxes 

Significant components of
the Company s deferred tax assets at the currently enacted corporate income tax rate are as follows (rounded to nearest 00): 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred income tax assets 

The Company has a cumulative
tax operating loss carry forward as of June 30, 2023 of approximately , with an indefinite expiration period. 

.
Additionally, we made contractual payments to that company for rental of our office space during the year ended June 30, 2022 in the
total amount of approximately . 

Effective April 1, 2023, we
amended our agreement with our contract manufacturer resulting in our taking over direct responsibility for our manufacturing operations
from that company, thus eliminating the related party relationship. Prior to the termination of such relationship, we made contractual
payments to that company to assemble our energy storage systems during the period from July 1, 2022 to March 31, 2023 in the total amount
of . Additionally, we made contractual payments to that company for rental of our office space during the period from July 1,
2022 to March 31, 2023 in the total amount of . 

37 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH
ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 

Our management, including
our Chief Executive Officer, who is our principal executive officer, and our Chief Financial Officer, who is our principal financial officer,
has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), as of June 30, 2023, the end of the period covered by this Report. Based on this evaluation, our Chief
Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of June
30, 2023, largely due to our relatively small number of employees rendering a full segregation of various disclosure control duties impractical. 

Inherent Limitations over Controls 

Management does not expect
that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all
fraud. Controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives
and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Because
of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and
instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in
decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented
by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any
system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance
that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or deterioration in the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures. Because of the inherent
limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

 . 

 Management's Report on Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting 

Our
principal executive officer and our principal accounting and financial officer, are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Management conducted an assessment
of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021. In making this assessment, management used
the criteria described in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO). Our management concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective as of June 30,
2023 largely due to our relatively small number of employees rendering a full segregation of various accounting control and financial
reporting duties impractical. 

Our independent registered
public accounting firm will not be required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting
for as long as we are an emerging growth company pursuant to the provisions of the JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Controls 

There were no changes in the
Company s internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended June 30, 2023 that have materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS
THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not applicable. 

38 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 and is incorporated into this
Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference. 

Our
Board of Directors has adopted a written Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to all officers, directors and employees, which
is available on our website (www.neovolta.com) under Governance Documents within the Corporate Governance 
section. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding amendment to, or waiver from, a provision
of this Code and by posting such information on the website address and location specified above. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The
information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 and is incorporated into this
Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 and is incorporated into this
Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The following table sets forth
information regarding our equity compensation plans at June 30, 2023: 

Plan category 

Number of securities to be 
 issued upon 
 exercise of 
 outstanding 
 options, 
 warrants and 
 rights 
 (a) 

Weighted- 
 average exercise price 
 of 
 outstanding 
 options, 
 warrants and 
 rights 
 (b) 

Number of securities 
 (by class) remaining 
 available for future 
 issuance under 
 equity compensation 
 plans (excluding 
 securities reflected in 
 column (a)) 
 (c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 

2,500,000 

5.99 

2,050,000 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders (2) 

58,500 

4.40 

58,500 

(1) 
 Represents shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding restricted stock units under our 2019 Stock Plan. 

(2) 
 Consists of warrants issued to underwriters. 

39 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The
information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 and is incorporated into this
Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The
information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 and is incorporated into this
Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference. 

40 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(a) Documents filed as part of this Report 

1. All Financial Statements 

The financial statements and
notes are included herein under Part II-Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 26 

Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 27 

Statements of Operations for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 28 

Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 29 

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 30 

Notes to the Financial Statements 
 31 

2. Financial Statement Schedules 

All schedules are omitted
because they are inapplicable or not required or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

41 

3. Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of NeoVolta, Inc. (incorporated by reference to exhibit 2.1 of the Company s Form 1-A (file no. 024-10942)). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of NeoVolta, Inc. (incorporated by reference to exhibit 3.3 of the Company s Form S-1 (file no. 333-264275)). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued in July 2022 offering (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.3 of the Company s Form S-1 (file no. 333-264275)). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form of Warrant Agent Agreement dated July 27, 2022 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.4 of the Company s Form S-1 (file no. 333-264275)). 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form of Underwriter s Warrant issued in July 2022 offering (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.5 of the Company s Form S-1 (file no. 333-264275)). 
 
 4.4 
 
 Description of the Company s Securities (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.6 to the Company s Form 10-K filed September 27, 2022). 
 
 10.1 
 
 NeoVolta, Inc. 2019 Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to exhibit 6.4 of the Company s Form 1-A (file no. 024-10942)) 
 
 10.2+ 

Employment Agreement between NeoVolta, Inc. and Brent Willson dated February 23, 2022 
 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 6.5 of the Company s Form
 1-SA for the fiscal semi-annual period ended December 31, 2021, filed on March 28, 2022) 
 
 10.3+ 

Employment Agreement between NeoVolta, Inc. and Steve Bond dated February 23, 2022 
 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 6.6 of the Company s Form
 1-SA for the fiscal semi-annual period ended December 31, 2021, filed on March 28, 2022) 
 
 10.4 ++ 
 
 Distribution Agreement, dated as of October 7, 2019, between NeoVolta, Inc. and PMP Energy, LLC (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.7 of the Company s Form S-1 (file no. 333-264275)). 
 
 10.5 ++ 
 
 Exclusive Supply Agreement, effective as of August 30, 2021, by and between NeoVolta, Inc. and NingBo Deye Inverter Technology Co, Ltd . (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.8 of the Company s Form S-1 (file no. 333-264275)). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Consent to Sublease dated August 16, 2021 between NeoVolta, Inc. and ConnectPV, Inc . (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.9 of the Company s Form S-1 (file no. 333-264275)). 
 
 10.7+ 
 
 Independent Director Agreement, dated April 11, 2022, by and between NeoVolta, Inc. and Susan Snow (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.10 of the Company s Form S-1 (file no. 333-264275)). 
 
 10.8+ 
 
 Independent Director Agreement, dated April 7, 2022, by and between NeoVolta, Inc. and John Hass (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.11 of the Company s Form S-1 (file no. 333-264275)).. 
 
 10.9+ 
 
 Independent Director Agreement, dated July 1, 2022, by and between NeoVolta, Inc. and James Amos (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Form 10-K filed September 27, 2022). 
 
 10.10+ 
 
 Form of Amendment to Independent Director Agreement, dated November 4, 2022, by and between NeoVolta, Inc. and each of James Amos, John Hass and Susan Snow (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed November 10, 2022) 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of MaloneBailey, LLP. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

+ Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

 Filed herewith. 

 Previously filed. 

 ++Pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K promulgated
by the SEC, certain portions of this exhibit have been redacted. The Company hereby agrees to furnish supplementally to the SEC, upon
its request, an unredacted copy of this exhibit. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 

None. 

42 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

NEOVOLTA, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Brent Willson 

Brent Willson 

Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: September 22, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Brent Willson 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, President, and Director 
 
 September 22, 2023 
 
 Brent Willson. 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Steve Bond 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 September 22, 2023 
 
 Steve Bond. 
 
 (Principal Financial Accounting Officer) 

/s/ James Amos 
 
 Director 
 
 September 22, 2023 
 
 James Amos 

/s/ Susan Snow 
 
 Director 
 
 September 22, 2023 
 
 Susan Snow 

/s/ John Hass 
 
 Director 
 
 September 22, 2023 
 
 John Hass 

43 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 neovolta_ex2301.htm
 CONSENT

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation
by reference in this Registration Statement on Form S-8 of our report dated September 22, 2023 with respect to the audited financial statements
of NeoVolta, Inc. for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

/s/ MaloneBailey, LLP 

 www.malonebailey.com 

 Houston, Texas 

 September 22, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 neovolta_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Brent S. Willson, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of NeoVolta, Inc. (the registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: September 22, 2023 

/s/ Brent S. Willson 

 Brent S. Willson 

 Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 neovolta_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Steve Bond, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of NeoVolta, Inc. (the registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: September 22, 2023 

/s/ Steve Bond 

 Steve Bond 

 Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting
Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 neovolta_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of NeoVolta,
Inc. (the registrant on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Brent S. Willson, Chief Executive Officer of the registrant, certify, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of this Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange
Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of the registrant at the dates and for the periods indicated. 

By: /s/ Brent S. Willson 

Brent S. Willson 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

September 22, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 neovolta_ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of NeoVolta,
Inc. (the registrant on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Steven Bond, Chief Financial Officer of the registrant, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of this Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange
Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of the registrant at the dates and for the periods indicated. 

By: /s/ Steve Bond 

Steve Bond 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

September 22, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 neov-20230630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 neov-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 neov-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 neov-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

