<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230818_10-K_edgar_data_318299_0001493152-23-029349.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5252688</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>189519</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1090677</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1645315</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>998823</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1216647</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-029349.hdr.sgml : 20230818
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230817190936
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-029349
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230430
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230818
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230817

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SPARTA COMMERCIAL SERVICES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000318299
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				300298178
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-09483
		FILM NUMBER:		231183380

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		555 FIFTH AVENUE
		STREET 2:		14TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2122392666

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		555 FIFTH AVENUE
		STREET 2:		14TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TOMAHAWK INDUSTRIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20001120

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TOMAHAWK OIL & MINERALS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19831216

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-029349.txt : 20230818

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from __________ to __________. 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction 
 of
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , , 

(Address of principal executive
 offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of exchange on which registered 

OTC:PINK 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

Common
 Stock, par value 0.001 

(Title of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceeding12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and
posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to file such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated
by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , and smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

(Do not check if a smaller
 reporting company) 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b).

The
aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity of the issuer held by non-affiliates, on April 30, 2023 was . 

As
of August 17, 2023, we had shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: . 

SPARTA
COMMERCIAL SERVICES, INC. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 11 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 19 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 19 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 19 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 20 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 21 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 21 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 27 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 28 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 47 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 47 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 48 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 48 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 50 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 52 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 54 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 54 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 55 

Signatures 
 57 

2 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

General
Overview 

Sparta
Commercial Services, Inc. Sparta, we, us, or the Company is a Nevada corporation
with headquarters in New York City, www.spartacommercial.com . We are a multi-disciplined parent corporation operating across three
business sectors Financial Services, E-Commerce Mobile Technology, and Health and Wellness, www.spartacommercial.com ). 

Sparta s
roots are in the Powersports industry. The Company provided retail installment loans and leases through authorized motorcycle dealerships
in 33 states, with financing lines of credit provided by institutional lenders. The Company also created and maintained a full underwriting
and servicing platform for its portfolio. Notwithstanding the discontinuance of our initial focus on consumer loans and leases post Lehman
and during the 2008 financial crisis; in 2007, the Company had introduced a new initiative which continued without interruption, Municipal
Financing, www.spartamunicipal.com ), which has financed over 100 jurisdictions to date. Sparta s Municipal Finance program
is also currently available to all nonprofit organizations, institutions and entities. All nonprofit organizations which adhere to IRS
guidelines, including 501 (c) 3 of the Internal Revenue Code, are eligible. Both public nonprofits, also known as public charities supported
with publicly collected funds, and private nonprofits, also known as private foundations supported by an individual or business entity,
qualify for the program. 

Vehicle
History Reports are a staple of Sparta s E-Commerce Technology subsidiary iMobile Solutions, Inc. Whether a vehicle is intended
for business or recreational use, Sparta s Vehicle History Reports are highly regarded for accuracy and completeness and have been
sold across all 50 states and in 62 countries worldwide. They provide a trusted layer of assurance to vehicle buyers and are available
onlineand at a range of various dealership websites and showrooms. They include Cyclechex (Motorcycle History Reports at www.cyclechex.com ),
RVchex (Recreational Vehicle History Reports at www.rvchex.com ), and Truckchex (Heavy Duty Truck History Reports at www.truckchex.com ).
Consumers, retailers, auction houses, banks and insurance companies alike scrutinize title history reports for
the vital information needed and factored into crucial business decisions that affect the bottom line. 

The
Company s E-Commerce and Mobile Technology subsidiary name change to iMobile Solutions, Inc., from Specialty Reports, Inc., in
2016, signifies its ever-broadening service offerings in the evolving technology landscape. With iMobile App www.imobileapp.com ),
the Company provides mobile technology services, including web and mobile application creation, development and management for a wide
range of businesses to increase revenue, build brand recognition, and improve customer engagement. Our ever-broadening business base
of mobile application includes vehicle dealerships and racetracks, private clubs and country clubs, schools and entertainment venues,
restaurants and grocery stores, as well as various other merchant types. www.imobileapp.com/app-gallery ). The Company also designs,
launches, maintains and hosts websites for businesses incorporating SEO (search engine optimization), social media marketing, and online
reviews to improve their presence online. We provide specific, tailored action plans for our clients websites that include services
such as eCommerce, CRM (Customer Relationship Management) development and integration. This custom software not only helps businesses
communicate with customers but can also be inward-facing used for employees to communicate internally. The CRM software can be web based,
integrated with a mobile app, or both. We work with clients to understand their unique needs and incorporate the features and requirements
that are most important to them and will facilitate their business growth and success. Correspondingly, the Company designs and builds
custom kitchen ordering software for independent grocery stores, delicatessens, and other customer-facing food service businesses. The
software can be designed for use in a combination of ways including mobile devices and in-store ordering. The kitchen ordering software
is enabled with payment integration, text messaging notification, wireless printing, and other features. iMobile Solutions, Inc. provides
a turn-key solution for any business looking to simplify or streamline their kitchen ordering process. Additionally, we offer text messaging
services, which supplement business marketing strategies both to gain and retain brand loyalty among its clients, customers and investors.
Our text messaging platform allows our clients to easily manage, schedule and analyze text message performance. 

Sparta
created its subsidiary, New World Health Brands, Inc., in April 2019, on the heels of the Agriculture Improvement Act (also known as
the Farm Bill), which was signed into law the previous December 20, 2018. Consequently, hemp (CBD) was removed from Schedule 1 of the
Controlled Substances Act. Company management recognized the substantial business opportunity that lay ahead in the rapidly expanding
hemp-CBD (cannabidiol) market in the United States. During 2019-2020, we sourced, developed and tested 5 CBD product categories totalling
31 products. We procured premium, domestic-grade, full-spectrum, broad-spectrum, and THC free hemp, created product packaging and labelling,
and implemented fulfilment to launch an online B to C website on December 21, 2019. The Company s Management and the Board of Directors
determined it was in Sparta s best interest as a public company to exit the CBD business. Effective March 31, 2023, the Company
ceased all CBD initiatives as reported as a Subsequent Event in the Company s Form 10-Q filed for the period ending January 31,
2023. The Company s decision to close its hemp-derived CBD product division was based on the uncertainty of federal legalization
that has caused confusion and caution among distributors, retailers and financial services companies in their efforts to embrace CBD
and bring it to market. 

Sparta s
response to the onset of the COVID 19 pandemic in early 2020 quickly took shape with thorough investigations into evolving customer trends
in health and wellness. As a result, we expanded New World Health Brands and developed a new product line of natural dietary supplements.
In August 2020, we launched an online B to C website: www.newworldhealthbrands.com , featuring high quality dietary supplements,
including vitamins and minerals, such as, Iodine for children and adults, Boron, copper/Zinc/Selenium, , Magnesium, Spermidine, Vitamin
B Complex, Vitamin C and PQQ. We continue to study the market as we consider new products to add to our offerings. To ensure the safety
and quality of our products, all health and wellness offerings are exclusively sourced and manufactured in the United States and adhere
to strict U.S standards and guidelines. Sparta s commitment to high standards and transparency are tantamount to being a trusted
brand. 

3 

Sparta s
subsidiary, Sparta Crypto, Inc., www.SpartaCrypto.com , was established in September 2020 and is in the process of completing a
proprietary state-of-the-art platform designed to connect users of widely adopted digital currencies with sellers of various goods and
services. The platform is scheduled to launch in 2023 and the Company can make no assurances that the described plan will reach implementation.
In addition, the Company has completed and tested a cryptocurrency payment gateway called SpartaPayIQ, www.SpartaPayIQ.com , which
is functional and was formally announced on March 3, 2022. Subsequently, SpartaPayIQ is the transactional engine behind Sparta Crypto
and Agoge Global USA, Inc. Agoge ). Agoge was formed as a subsidiary of Sparta Crypto, Inc. in December 2022 and entered
in to a Joint Venture Agreement with WeDev Group of Brazil to facilitate cross-border transactions between importers and exporters of
goods from the U.S. and Brazil. In addition, Agoge Global USA provides business intermediary services to global importers and exporters
of goods and services. These business-to-business services provided through our joint venture agreement with WeDev include, but are not
limited to, industry introductions, providing tax and regulatory compliance guidance, import and export documentation assistance, reselling
services in other jurisdictions, and facilitation of cross-border transactions. 

MOBILE
APPS 

Sparta
creates mobile applications (mobile apps) for small and medium-size businesses under the tradename iMobileApp. iMobileApp employs a subscription
business model and is positioned as a fast and affordable way for businesses to develop and launch a mobile app. The iMobileApp platform
allows businesses to have a high-quality, fully functioning custom mobile app often at a lower cost than traditional marketing efforts,
and typically at a significantly lower cost than a commercial quality website. 

The
Company has developed and managed mobile apps since 2011, creating hundreds of mobile apps for a wide variety of businesses for customers
in 49 states and Canada. We believe iMobileApp is the largest provider of mobile app technology to the Harley-Davidson dealership network
in the United States. 

Mobile
apps are one of the most important digital tools that a consumer-facing business can employ. Smartphones and tablets are now the leading
devices for accessing the internet, and it is estimated that upwards of 80 of mobile use time is dedicated to utilizing mobile apps.
As consumers become more mobile, businesses are increasingly seeing the need to as well. Currently, the mobile app development industry
serving small to medium-sized businesses is fragmented, and the Company believes that iMobileApp can become a brand leader in this category. 

An
iMobileApp provides consumers easy access to a business website simply by touching the Company s application icon. There is no
need to search for or type in a web address. iMobileApp has dozens of basic and advanced functions, including providing businesses the
ability to send a segmented promotional message that appears on the consumer s mobile device front page, rather than in an email
or text message. Geo-fencing is a feature that allows businesses to message customers who are in the vicinity of their
store or event, or even when visiting a competitor. 

The
iMobileApp pricing model includes a modest up-front development fee, and an auto-renewing monthly subscription. Once a business launches
an iMobileApp, the Company provides them with marketing tools to assist their customers in downloading the mobile app from the Apple
and Android app stores. The Company offers two levels of on-going maintenance and support. The basic subscription provides training,
technical support and software updates. The premium-priced program adds a fully managed feature, allowing businesses to contact iMobileApp
Customer Service who will initiate campaigns, promotional messaging, and other iMobileApp features on behalf of the client. 

A
partial listing of iMobileApp features includes: 

Mobile
Client Framework MCF - Our mobile framework software allows us to provide customized apps that can be installed on
the individual mobile devices and deployed through the Apple and Android app stores. 

Content
Management System (CMS) -iMobileApp customers can use our web-based content management system to upload images to their mobile app,
change text content, change colors, organize the order of tabs, and publish updates to the app. 

4 

Customized
Registration System - iMobileApp customers can elect to present their users with a registration screen on startup that collects information
such as first name, last name, email address and telephone number in order to track marketing information and push individual notification
messages for future functionality. 

Push
Notification System A direct communication channel between businesses and their mobile app users. Allows brands to socialize
directly with their very best customers, anytime, anywhere, to build a relationship at a one-to-one level. 

Geo-Fencing
Feature Allows businesses to create an invisible message fence around a specific geographic area. When their
app users are within the fenced area, the user receives a pre-programmed message on their device. This is especially useful when businesses
have special promotions or events they would like to advertise to nearby users who are most likely to take advantage of them. Businesses
can also geo-fence around a competitor, offering their users special promotions before they enter the competitor s
venue. 

Inventory
Display Manager Business can manage, display and sell from their inventory on their mobile app. Inventory can be integrated
through web link, hand-key, or inventory management data feed. 

Event
Manager Business can manage and display upcoming events on their mobile app. Customers can view the event calendar, RSVP
and Inventory can be integrated through web link, hand-key, or inventory management data feed. 

Quick
Dial Feature Users tap the Quick Dial option to get a list of the business phone numbers on their mobile phones. The user
selects the number to dial by putting their finger on the number. The business can add, remove, and edit phone numbers that appear in
the Quick Dial screen from their CMS. 

Multi-Location
Management Business can add and manage multiple locations on their app, each with distinct hours of operations, user database
and notification segmentation. Businesses pay subscription fees for each location they wish to include in their app. Customers can use
the client customization portal to add locations to their mobile app. 

Marketing
and Branding of iMobileApp 

Marketing
Materials - We provide customized marketing materials that app customers can download and display digitally or physically. 

Embedded
Product Developer and SRI Branding - The about screen of the application contains information useful to the support
of the product. It also contains a powered-by-the-product-developer logo and text. iMS can choose to use a different logo, but the powered-by-the-product-developer
text remains on the about screen. 

App
store and Google Android Distribution - All native applications are deployed through the product developer s App store and
Android Market Place online accounts. 

Marketing
information - If an app customer has enabled first-time user data collection then that information will be available to the app customer
on their portal. 

WEBSITES 

The
Company designs, launches, maintains and hosts websites for businesses incorporating SEO (search engine optimization), social media marketing,
and online reviews to improve their presence online. We provide specific, tailored action plans for our clients websites that
include services such as eCommerce, CRM (Customer Relationship Management) development and integration. This custom software not only
helps businesses communicate with customers but can also be used for employees to communicate internally. The CRM software can be web
based, integrated with a mobile app, or both. We work with clients to understand their unique needs and incorporate the features and
requirements that are most important to them and will facilitate their business growth and success. Correspondingly, the Company designs
and builds custom kitchen ordering software for independent grocery stores, delicatessens, and other food service businesses. The software
can be designed for use in a combination of ways including mobile devices and in-store ordering. The kitchen ordering software is enabled
with payment integration, text messaging notification, wireless printing, and other features. iMobile Solutions, Inc. provides a turn-key
solution for any business looking to simplify or streamline their kitchen ordering process. Additionally, we offer text messaging services,
which supplement business marketing strategies both to gain and retain brand loyalty among its clients, customers and investors. Our
text messaging platform allows our clients to easily manage, schedule and analyze text message performance. 

5 

VEHICLE
HISTORY REPORTS 

The
vehicle history report group is currently marketing through its websites: Cyclechex Motorcycle History Reports (www.cyclechex.com),
 RVchex RV History Reports (www.rvchex.com), and Truckchex Heavy Duty Truck History Reports (www.truckchex.com). These reports
contain valuable information for consumers, dealers, insurers, auction houses, and lenders. The information includes a vehicle s
history, such as disclosed damage, salvaged or rebuilt title brands, the number of previous owners, the last recorded odometer reading,
the manufacturer s original equipment, and OEM recall data. We assemble the data for these reports from multiple sources, including,
but not limited to, governmental agencies, in order to provide the most current information available for the benefit of all interested
parties. We believe our products offer a compelling value because they are priced modestly and we provide a no-hassle, 90-day and 100 
money-back guarantee. We are confident that our Specialty Reports provide buyers and sellers the peace of mind that comes from being
able to make an informed decision. 

In
June 2010, iMobile Solutions, Inc. entered into an exclusive five-year agreement with a U.S. government authorized third-party distributor
of on-line data from National Motor Vehicle Title System (NMVTIS) for NMVTIS data on motorcycles, scooters, ATVs and recreational vehicles.
This agreement has been renewed on a year to year basis. 

NMVTIS
is an information system that federal law required the United States Department of Justice to establish and to provide an electronic
means to verify vehicle title, brand, and theft data among motor vehicle administrators, law enforcement officials, prospective purchasers
and insurance carriers. NMVTIS was initially authorized in the Anti-Car Theft Act of 1992 and reauthorized by the Anti-Car Theft Improvements
Act of 1996. After passage of the 1996 reauthorization, responsibility was transferred from the U.S. Department of Transportation to
the U.S. Department of Justice. The NMVTIS system is a Department of Justice program currently operated by the American Association of
Motor Vehicle Administrators (AAMVA). The system also provides a means for states to share title information in order to prevent fraud
and other crime. 

NMVTIS
is an information system that federal law required the United States Department of Justice to establish and to provide an electronic
means to verify vehicle title, brand, and theft data among motor vehicle administrators, law enforcement officials, prospective purchasers
and insurance carriers. NMVTIS was initially authorized in the Anti-Car Theft Act of 1992 and reauthorized by the Anti-Car Theft Improvements
Act of 1996. After passage of the 1996 reauthorization, responsibility was transferred from the U.S. Department of Transportation to
the U.S. Department of Justice. The NMVTIS system is a Department of Justice program currently operated by the American Association of
Motor Vehicle Administrators (AAMVA). The system also provides a means for states to share title information in order to prevent fraud
and other crime. 

NMVTIS
was created to: 

Prevent the introduction
 or reintroduction of stolen motor vehicles into interstate commerce 

Protect states, consumers
 (both individual and commercial), and other entities from fraud 

Reduce the use of stolen
 vehicles for illicit purposes including funding of criminal enterprises 

Provide consumer protection
 from unsafe vehicles 

NMVTIS
information is supplied by state motor vehicle agency records and entire sectors (e.g., insurance, auto recyclers/junk/salvage, etc.)
addressed by the Anti-Car Theft Act. As opposed to purchasing information from specific businesses or companies, entities are required
to provide specific information to NMVTIS in a specific format. NMVTIS is intended to serve as a reliable source of title and brand history
for automobiles, motorcycles and other vehicles. However, there are certain pieces of vehicle history data that NMVTIS database
does not contain; for example, a vehicle s repair history. Currently the data provided to NMVTIS by states is provided in a variety
of time frames; while some report and update NVMTIS data in real-time (as title transactions occur) others send updates less frequently,
such as once every 24 hours or within a period of days. 

6 

Vehicle
History Reports benefit consumers: 

Consumers can purchase
 reports directly from the Cyclechex, RVchex, or Truckchex website 

Consumers can purchase reports via an Affiliate website 

Vehicle
History Reports benefit dealers: 

Dealers can purchase a
 block of history reports from Cyclechex, RVchex, or Truckchex (with pricing incentives to purchase a larger quantity of reports) 

Reports facilitate acceptance
 of trade-in vehicles and add value to the purchase of any pre-owned motorcycle, RV, automobile, light truck or heavy-duty truck 

Dealers can provide reports
 to customers 

Cyclechex
Motorcycle History Reports 

Cyclechex
Motorcycle History Reports (Cyclechex.com) contain valuable information for consumers, motorcycle dealers, insurers, auction houses,
and lenders including whether a pre-owned motorcycle is a specific model year, make and model, if it has report. 

For
consumers looking to buy a pre-owned motorcycle or a retail motorcycle dealer considering a trade-in or the purchase of other used motorcycles,
a Cyclechex Motorcycle History Report can be invaluable. Moreover, for those dealers who want to provide a higher level of confidence
to a potential buyer about the true history of the motorcycle being considered for purchase, the Cyclechex Motorcycle History Report
is an outstanding sales support tool. 

Our
system extracts information from multiple sources, including, but not limited to, governmental agencies, in order to provide the most
current information available for the benefit of all interested parties. With a no-hassle, 90-day, 100 money-back guarantee, and at
a modest cost, a Cyclechex Motorcycle History Report provide buyers and sellers peace of mind for decision-making. This critical information
is available to any interested party by entering a seventeen digit Vehicle Identification Number (VIN), which covers vehicles dating
back to 1981, on our website. 

RVchex
Recreational Vehicle History Reports 

RV
History Reports (RVchex.com) contains important and valuable information about any reported damage, salvage, and other relevant data
concerning a particular pre-owned RV. Our system extracts information from multiple data sources, including, but not limited to, government
agencies throughout the United States. RVchex.com delivers up-to-date, accurate information to consumers, RV dealers, lenders, insurers,
and other interested parties, and we offer a no-hassle, 100 money-back guarantee. This critical information is available to any interested
party by entering a seventeen digit Vehicle Identification Number (VIN) on our website. 

7 

Truckchex
Heavy Duty Truck History Reports 

The
Truckchex Heavy Duty Truck History Report (Truckchex.com) contains valuable information for truck drivers, trucking companies, dealers,
insurers, auction houses, and lenders, including whether a specific pre-owned commercial truck has reported damage, recorded accidents,
post-accident inspections, inspection violations, the last recorded odometer reading, any salvage or damaged titles, the manufacturer s
original equipment, and OEM recall data. Our system extracts information from multiple data sources, including, but not limited to, governmental
agencies throughout the United States. Truckchecks.com delivers up-to-date, accurate to consumers, truck dealers, lenders, insurers,
and other interested parties, and we offer a no-hassle, 100 money-back guarantee. This critical information is available to any interested
party by entering a seventeen digit Vehicle Identification Number (VIN) on our website. 

Each
of our four-vehicle history reports search government databases for over 90 types of vehicle title problems and over 28 million Salvage
or Loss title records. Our reports provide some, if not all, of the following information: 

Crushed
Vehicles 

 Disclosed
Damage 

 Last
Recorded Odometer Reading 

 Manufacturers 
Recall History 

 Manufacturers 
Specifications 

 Multi-State
Searches 

 Rebuilt
Titles 

 Salvage-Stolen
Titles 

 Salvaged
or Damaged Titles 

 VIN
Decoding 

 Crash
Data 

 Inspection
Data 

MUNICIPAL
AND NON-PROFIT LEASING OF ESSENTIAL EQUIPMENT 

Notwithstanding
our discontinuance of consumer financing, we continue to offer, on a pass through basis with a Midwest bank, an equipment-leasing product
for local and state agencies as well as non-profit organizations throughout the country seeking a better and more economical way to finance
their essential equipment needs, including, but not limited to, police motorcycles, cruisers, buses, fire trucks, and EMS equipment.
We are continuing to expand our roster of equipment manufacturers and the types of equipment we lease to agencies. We are currently a
preferred provider listed on the BMW Motorrad USA Police Motors site as a suggested financing source for law enforcement agencies. 

NEW
WORLD HEALTH BRANDS - WELLNESS 

Our
Wellness products feature high quality dietary supplements, including vitamins and minerals, such as, Iodine for children and adults,
Boron, copper/Zinc/Selenium, , Magnesium, Spermidine, Vitamin B Complex, Vitamin C and PQQ, with more products to come.. In addition
to our B to C website: www.newworldhealthbrands.com , our Wellness products are also offered on on-line marketplaces such as Amazon,
Walmart, and Etsy. We continue to study the market as we consider new products to add to our offerings. 

Strategic
Advantage 

NWHB
benefits from the parent Company s vertical integration of supply and service chains providing support of its on demand web/mobile
application development/maintenance, accounting, corporate governance, and real time customer support across the NWHB product line. This
relationship results in significant time and cost efficiencies and fosters a mutually beneficial parent/subsidiary relationship. 

As
the NWHB subsidiary grows, the Company will help NWHB develop its own managerial control group at such time as the subsidiary can afford
an incremental building of a dedicated management team. 

8 

MARKETING
AND SALES 

Our
marketing starts with product development. We create compelling products that: (i) in the case of iMobile Solutions, Inc. and iMobileApp,
provide a variety of small to mid-sized businesses with a state-of-the-art website and mobile application solutions, and (ii) in the
case of our four vehicle history report products, provide historical title information that assists consumers in purchase decision-making
and dealers, auction houses, or other entities in making a sale or evaluating a vehicle. 

iMobile
Solutions, Inc. (iMS) 

The
primary marketing objective for iMS is to continue penetrating new business verticals and to be the leader is mobile app development
for growing businesses. While an iMobileApp can benefit any business, the Company identifies and focuses marketing efforts on specific
verticals, currently comprised of vehicle dealers, country clubs, racetracks, restaurants, etc., to build a presence in certain industries
and become the go-to mobile app developer for those markets. As we continue to target franchised vehicle dealers by type
of product and manufacturer by specifically approaching each dealership in their dealer network to promote our iMS mobile application
we are gaining market share of the vehicle dealer marketplace. By selling our mobile applications throughout one manufacturer s
dealer network, we benefit from word of mouth referrals while building a recognizable presence in that particular market.
For example, a leading motorcycle manufacturer has over 1,400 authorized dealers worldwide. By penetrating this market, we significantly
improve our credibility with their entire dealer network, resulting in the individual dealers being more receptive to our sales call,
and making them more likely to purchase an iMobileApp and refer us to other dealers. 

Additional
marketing has been done through targeted advertising as well as news stories in relevant trade publications. 

iMobileApp
(iMA) 

There
are two primary areas of focus to continue gaining market share for iMA digital marketing and targeted sales efforts. 

The
digital marketing strategy is predicated on the fact that the business mobile app marketplace is emerging and highly fragmented. In parallel,
the web is not yet dominated by any one business mobile app competitor. Our strategy is to build a strong digital web presence that will
help grow our business in the short term, and establish iMA as the market leader in web search as the industry consolidates. The cornerstone
of our digital strategy is a state-of-the-art web management platform (see www.iMobileApp.com) that is highly search engine optimized
(SEO) in structure and content. Page rank and traffic will increase over time as we support the website with traffic building efforts
through blogging, social networking, ad-clicks, remarketing, and continual technical and content optimization. The goal is to have a
leadership market share in organic and accidental search for businesses seeking mobile application solutions. 

Traditional
sales and marketing efforts will be employed against key categories that have an established high level of acceptance for mobile apps
and/or in which iMA has already established market share. Efforts will include inside sales calls, email campaigns, category trade association
marketing, and customer referrals. 

Vehicle
History Reports 

The
vehicle categories that we are targeting - motorcycles, recreational vehicles and commercial trucks are not the focus of our
largest competitors (CARFAX , AutoCheck ). Distribution in the vehicle history reports industry is web-based, and digital competition
in our targeted categories is relatively weak and fragmented. Our digital strategy is to become the leading search result for consumers
seeking information on used powersports vehicles RV s, and heavy-duty trucks. We employ an advanced web management platform that
is highly search engine optimized (SEO). Page rank and traffic will increase over time as we support the website with traffic building
efforts through blogging, social networking, ad-clicks, remarketing, and continual technical and content optimization. 

In
December 2010, Powersports Business chose Cyclechex as one of their Nifty 50 winners, recognizing it as one of the top
50 new powersports products introduced during the year. 

9 

SRI
has considerable opportunity to increase brand awareness and grow traffic through product development, targeted marketing programs and
strategic partnerships. 

Sales
and Customer Support 

An
internal team is responsible for closing sales on leads generated from web inquires, email responses, inside sales calls and customer
referrals. A future sales team will target businesses, trade associations, national chains, manufacturers, vehicle dealers and vehicle
auction houses. 

Customer
service is based in our New York City office. 

Municipal
and Non-Profit Leasing 

In
2011, the Company launched a website www.spartamunicipal.com exclusively dedicated to the Company s municipal business
line that began in 2007. With this site, agency heads, police and fire department chiefs, dealerships, and other municipal financing
decision makers as well as non-profits have direct online access to information about the Municipal Lease Program, including how it benefits
governmental agency economic interests, and specifics about terms and options. Marketing efforts, when budgets allow, include attending
tradeshows, advertising in industry publication, direct mail/email campaigns, and indirect marketing such as referrals by prior municipal
customers or dealerships. Sparta s municipal program is also included in the corporate sites of Harley-Davidson and BMW Motorrad
USA Police Motors for government fleet leasing which results in direct inquiries from municipalities. 

New
World Health Brands Wellness 

Our
initial marketing strategy has been a direct-to-consumer online sales approach via our website www.newworldhealthbrands.com within the
United States, by using e-commerce to reach consumers to introduce and guide them through the Wellness buying process. Starting with
a solid foundation of content and robust product offerings, our marketing strategy will continue to be supplemented with social media
exposure, (Facebook and Instagram).Our marketing strategy centers on expanding our presence across various marketplaces. We have successfully
established ourselves on prominent platforms like Amazon, Walmart, Etsy, and eBay. Additionally, we remain steadfast in our pursuit of
emerging avenues that can further amplify our market reach. Our next phase focuses on enhancing our social media footprint through consistent
content creation, responsive audience engagement, and strategic collaboration with influencers. The versatility of our product line allows
us to cater to a diverse audience. From aiding young individuals in healthy growth and athletic performance to promoting general health
and hormonal balance for adults and elders, and even addressing anti-aging and skincare needs, we offer different products which address
a variety of needs. This unique advantage empowers us to connect with a wide spectrum of age groups and genders, paving the way for a
robust brand presence. Our overarching objective is to revolutionize the supplement industry, placing paramount importance on customer
well-being and community integration. Our commitment transcends mere transactions; we are driven by a mission to guide our customers
in making informed choices for their wellness journey. As New World Health Brands continues to experience growth, our aspiration is to
become the go-to destination for reliable and effective wellness solutions. 

Using
data collection and customer analysis from e-commerce sales will continue to be a significant component of NWHB s marketing strategy.
Direct-to-consumer e-commerce sales give an unprecedented opportunity to gain significant insight into how to better support the customer
based on data, including buying habits, purchase frequency, and in many cases, how the product is being used, whether it be general wellness,
health conditions, etc. By building customer trust with a focus on premium, quality products and live customer service, we expect to
build a well-recognized brand. Through our own social media and blogging platforms, management expects New World Health Brands will continue
to grow organic sales and revenue by promoting our products as trusted brands for consumers who desire premium Wellness products. 

10 

Competition 

While
there are numerous entities offering customized mobile apps, we believe that iMobileApp is a leading pre-packaged customizable mobile
app for small to medium sized business, such as restaurants, country clubs, social clubs, racetracks, grocery stores, agriculture dealers,
vehicle dealers, and more, at a price point significantly below other vendors of customized apps for the vehicle dealer industry. 

Because
of our strong commitment to customer service and our compelling product, we believe that our iMobileApp product can be effectively and
competitively marketed. 

The
two major providers of used automobile history reports, CARFAX and AutoCheck do not provide motorcycle, recreational vehicle
or heavy duty truck history reports. In fact, CARFAX states on their website FAQ s that their database contains records primarily
of cars and light trucks and for heavy trucks, RVs, or motorcycles, CARFAX recommends checking with your DMV, enthusiast
forums, and of course a pre-purchase vehicle inspection. AutoCheck states on its web site AutoCheck only reports
on information for cars and light trucks. We have not identified direct competition of the RV space and do not intend to compete
directly with either CarFax or AutoCheck . 

Employees 

As
of April 30, 2023, we had 6 full-time employees, 1 part-time employee, and 2 full-time consultants. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

The
Company s forward-looking statements are subject to uncertainties and risks, among them the adverse effects of the COVID-19 pandemic.
The Company s operations from supply chain and distribution are impacted by government regulations and legislation,
the economic landscape, revenue fluctuations, diminished customer base, competing products, regulatory changes, common share price volatility,
availability of capital, successful integration of new businesses, and including but not limited to risks and uncertainties discussed
under the heading Risk Factors in this MD A and the Company s other filings with the SEC. The impact of any risk,
uncertainty or factor on a particular forward-looking statement is not determinable with certainty as these are interdependent, and the
Company s future course of action depends on Management s assessment of all relevant information available at the time. Except
to the extent required by law, the Company assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements made in
this MD A, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. All subsequent forward-looking statements, whether
written or oral, attributable to the Company or persons acting on the Company s behalf, are expressly qualified in their entirety
by these cautionary statements. 

We
are subject to certain risks and uncertainties in our business operations that are described below. The risks and uncertainties described
below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known or that are currently deemed immaterial
may also impair our business operations. 

Risks
Related To Our Financial Condition 

We
have a history of operating losses. 

Through
our fiscal year ended April 30, 2023, we have incurred significant expenses and have sustained significant losses. We have an accumulated
deficit of 66,150,857 at April 30, 2023 and a negative working capital of 9,820,435. 

Our
business requires additional amounts of capital, and we will need to obtain additional financing in the near future. 

To
expand our business, we need raise additional capital to support our operations until we become cash flow positive. We will have to raise
approximately 1 million over the next twelve months to support our business. As our business grows, we will need to seek additional
financing to fund growth. There can be no assurance that we will have sufficient capital or be able to secure credit facilities when
needed. The failure to obtain additional funds, when required, on satisfactory terms and conditions, would have a material and adverse
effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition, and ultimately could result in the cessation of our business. 

11 

To
the extent that we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities, our stockholders may experience substantial dilution. In addition,
any new equity securities may have greater rights, preferences or privileges than our existing common stock. A material shortage of capital
will require us to take drastic steps such as reducing our level of operations, disposing of selected assets or seeking an acquisition
partner. If cash is insufficient, we will not be able to continue operations. 

We
have a significant amount of debt which could impact our ability to continue to implement our business plan. 

We
have incurred total liabilities of 10,260,216 as of April 30, 2023. Unless we can restructure some or all this outstanding debt, and
raise sufficient capital to fund our continued development, we will be unable to pay these obligations as our current operations do not
generate significant revenue. 

Our
auditor s opinion expresses doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern . 

The
independent auditor s report on our April 30, 2023, and April 30, 2022 consolidated financial statements state that our historical
losses raise substantial doubts about our ability to continue as a going concern. We cannot assure you that we will be able to generate
revenues or maintain any line of business that might prove to be profitable. Our ability to continue as a going concern is subject to
our ability to generate a profit or obtain necessary funding from outside sources, including obtaining additional funding from the sale
of our securities, increasing sales, or obtaining credit lines or loans from various financial institutions where possible. If we are
unable to develop our business, we may have to discontinue operations or cease to exist, which would be detrimental to the value of our
common stock. We can make no assurances that our business operations will develop and provide us with significant cash to continue operations. 

Risks
Related to the Company 

We
are a small company in the information technology business. 

We
are a relatively new entrant into the businesses of providing vehicle history reports and building mobile apps. We indirectly compete
with major, well capitalized, suppliers of automobile history reports. While these companies do not presently offer motorcycle or RV
history reports, there is no guaranty they will not do so in the future. Many small players characterize the mobile app
development business. While we believe we are better suited to build, service, and market mobile apps than our competitors, there is
no assurance that we can continue to do so. 

We
will require additional capital to implement our business plan and marketing strategies which we may be unable to secure. 

Under
our business plan, we intend to build and expand our operations substantially over the next several years. Our cash on hand is insufficient
for our operational needs. We therefore need additional financing for working capital purposes and to grow our business. There is no
assurance that additional financing will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. If we fail to obtain additional financing as needed,
we may be required to reduce or halt our anticipated expansion plans and our business and results of operations could be materially,
adversely affected. There can be no assurance that additional financing will be available on terms deemed to be acceptable by us, and
in our stockholders interests. 

We
face security risks related to our electronic processing of sensitive and confidential customer and associate data. 

Given
the nature of our business, we and/or our service providers collect process and retain sensitive and confidential customer data, including
credit card information. Despite our current security measures, our facilities and systems, and those of our third-party service providers,
may be vulnerable to information security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses or other similar attacks. An information security
breach involving the disclosure of confidential data could damage our reputation and our customers willingness to shop on our
websites, and subject us to possible legal liability. In addition, we may incur material remediation costs as a result of an information
security breach, including liability for stolen customer or associate data, repairing system damage or providing credit monitoring or
other benefits to customers or associates affected by the breach. 

12 

We
could be harmed by data loss or other security breaches 

As
a result of our services being web-based and the fact that we process and/or our service providers, store and transmit large amounts
of data, including personal information, for our customers, failure to prevent or mitigate data loss or other security breaches, including
breaches of our vendors technology and systems, could expose us or our customers to a risk of loss or misuse of such information,
adversely affect our operating results, result in litigation or potential liability for us and otherwise harm our business. We use third
party technology and systems for a variety of reasons, including, without limitation, encryption and authentication technology, employee
email, content delivery to customers, back-office support and other functions. Although we and our service providers have developed systems
and processes that are designed to protect customer information and prevent data loss and other security breaches, such measures cannot
provide absolute security. 

A
variety of factors and economic forces may affect our operating results. 

Our
operating results may differ from current forecasts and projections significantly in the future because of a variety of factors, many
of which are outside our control. These factors include, without limitation, the receipt of revenues, which is difficult to forecast
accurately, the amount and timing of capital expenditures and other costs relating to the expansion of our operations, the introduction
of new products or services by us or our competitors, borrowing costs, pricing changes in the industry, technical difficulties, general
economic conditions, and economic conditions specific to our marketplace. The success of an investment in a vehicle history report and
mobile app-based venture is dependent, at least, in part, on extrinsic economic forces, including the supply of and demand for such services.
No assurance can be given that we will be able to generate sufficient revenue to cover our cost of doing business. Furthermore, our revenues
and results of operations will be subject to fluctuations based upon general economic conditions. Economic factors like unemployment,
interest rates, and the availability of credit generally, municipal government and corporate budget constraints affecting equipment and
technology purchases, the rate of inflation, and consumer perceptions of the economy may affect the volume of history report purchases. 

We
are dependent on our management and the loss of any officer could hinder our implementation of our business plan. 

We
are heavily dependent upon management, the loss of any one of whom could have a material adverse effect on our ability to implement our
business plan. While we have entered into an employment agreement with our Chief Executive Officer, this employment agreement could be
terminated for a variety of reasons. We do not presently carry key man insurance on the life of any employee. If, for some reason, the
services of management, or of any member of management, were no longer available to us, our operations and proposed businesses and endeavors
may be materially adversely affected. Any failure of management to implement and manage our business strategy may have a material adverse
effect on us. There can be no assurance that our operating and financial control systems will be adequate to support our future operations.
Furthermore, the inability to continue to upgrade the operating and financial control systems, the inability to recruit and hire necessary
personnel or the emergence of unexpected expansion difficulties could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
or results of operations. 

13 

Our
business is dependent on intellectual property rights and we may not be able to protect such rights successfully. 

Our
intellectual property, including our license agreements and other agreements, which establish our rights to proprietary intellectual
property, our Cyclechex, RVchex, and Truckchex vehicle history reports and our SMA and iMA mobile apps are of great value to our business
operations. Infringement or misappropriation of our intellectual property could materially harm our business. We rely on a combination
of trade secret, copyright, trademark, and other proprietary rights laws to protect our rights to this valuable intellectual property.
Third parties may try to challenge our intellectual property rights. In addition, our business is subject to the risk of third parties
infringing or circumventing our intellectual property rights. We may need to resort to litigation in the future to protect our intellectual
property rights, which could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources. Our failure to protect our intellectual property
rights could have a material adverse effect on our business and competitive position. 

COVID-19. 

In
December 2019, a novel coronavirus disease COVID-19 was reported and in January 2020, the World Health Organization WHO declared it a Public Health Emergency of International Concern. On February 28, 2020, the WHO raised its assessment of the COVID-19 threat
from high to very high at a global level due to the continued increase in the number of cases and affected countries, and on March 11,
2020, the WHO characterized COVID-19 as a pandemic. 

COVID-19
has impacted some of our customers. Our business, results and financial condition will depend on current and future developments, which
are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. While the Company s day-to-day operations beginning March 2020 have
been impacted, we have suffered less immediate impact as most staff could work remotely during the height of the pandemic and can continue
to develop our product offerings. Post-pandemic, we have adjusted our employees schedules to allow for both remote and non-remote
hours as needed. Notwithstanding, revenues relating to mobile applications in certain verticals such as dealerships and racetracks fell
and resulted in forebearance or cancellations during the pandemic. 

Risks
Related to our Subsidiary, New World Health Brands, Inc. (NWHB) 

NWHB
has limited operating history. 

NWHB
is still in an early phase and is just beginning to implement its business plan. There can be no assurance that it will ever operate
profitably. The likelihood of its success should be considered in light of the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications and delays
usually encountered by companies in their early stages of development, with low barriers to entry. NWHB may not be successful in attaining
the objectives necessary for it to overcome these risks and uncertainties. 

We
need to raise additional capital to meet our future business requirements and such capital raising may be costly or difficult to obtain
and could dilute current stockholders ownership interests. 

At
this time, we have not secured or identified any additional financing to support NWHB. We do not have any firm commitments or other identified
sources of additional capital from third parties or from our officers and directors or from other shareholders. There can be no assurance
that additional capital will be available to us, or that, if available, it will be on terms satisfactory to us. Any additional financing
will involve dilution to our existing shareholders. If we do not obtain additional capital on terms satisfactory to us, or at all, it
may cause us to delay, curtail, scale back or forgo some or all of our business operations, which could have a material adverse effect
on our business and financial results and investors would be at risk to lose all or a part of any investment in our Company. 

14 

Our
future success will depend on our ability to increase revenues. 

The
market for health, wellness and performance products is large, highly fragmented and intensely competitive. Current and prospective participants
include specialty retailers, supermarkets, drugstores, mass merchants, multi-level marketing organizations, online merchants, mail-order
companies and a variety of other smaller participants. We believe that the market is also highly sensitive to the introduction of new
products, which may rapidly capture a significant share of the market. In the United States, we compete for sales with heavily advertised
national brands manufactured by large pharmaceutical and food companies, as well as other brands, some of which have greater market presence,
both brick and mortar and online, name recognition and financial, marketing and other resources, including some competitors that may
spend more aggressively on advertising and promotional activities than we do. In addition, as some products become more mainstream and
achieve broader distribution, we may experience increased price competition and adverse impacts to category share and growth for those
products as more participants enter the market or we otherwise fail to retain market share. Further, if we fail to build out our e-commerce
platform or fail to provide our customers with a desired omni-channel experience, we may lose business to online retailers with a more
robust and engaging e-commerce platform. Further, the ability of consumers to compare prices on a real-time basis through the use of
smartphones and digital technology puts additional pressure on us to maintain competitive pricing. We compete in multiple product categories
and sales channels, including traditional large store and specialty store formats, mass merchants, and catalog; and increasingly internet-based
and direct-sell retailers and vendors. Many factors affect the extent to which competition could affect our results, including as it
relates to pricing, quality, assortment, marketing, promotions and advertising, service, locations, capital expenditures, category share
and reputation, and prolonged competitive pressures, any of which could have a material effect on our results of operations. In
order to be successful, we must increase our revenues from the sale of our products to individuals and marketing affiliates. In order
to increase our revenues, we must successfully: 

create and implement a
 marketing plan to attract individuals and retailers to our Wellness products; 

increase traffic to our
 website by developing relationships with popular websites; 

convert online visitors
 to clients; 

attract, retain, and motivate
 qualified personnel with marketing and product development experience to serve in various capacities, including sales and marketing
 positions; 

respond effectively to
 competitive pressures from other providers of Wellness products; 

If
we are not successful in the execution of these strategies, our business, results of operations and financial condition will be materially
adversely affected. 

NWHB
has losses which we expect to continue and there is no assurance our future operations will result in profitable revenues. If we cannot
generate sufficient revenues to operate profitably or are unable to raise additional funds, we may consider a merger, acquisition, joint
venture, strategic alliance, a roll-up, or other business combination to increase business. 

Many
of our existing competitors, as well as several potential competitors, may have longer operating histories, greater name recognition,
larger customer bases and significantly greater financial, technical, and marketing resources than we do. This may enable them to respond
more quickly to new or emerging consumer demands, or to devote greater resources to the development, promotion, and sale of their products
than we can. These competitors and potential competitors may be able to undertake more extensive marketing campaigns, adopt more aggressive
pricing policies and make more attractive offers to potential employees. In addition, current and prospective competitors may establish
cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties to improve their ability to address the needs of our existing and prospective
customers. If these events occur, they could have a materially adverse effect on our revenue. Increased competition could also result
in price reductions, reduced margins or loss of market share, any of which would adversely affect our business, results of operations
and financial condition. See Description of Business and Competition. 

We
also believe our ability to compete depends on several factors outside of our control, including: 

the prices at which others
 offer competitive products, including aggressive price competition and discounting; 

the ability of our competitors
 to undertake more extensive marketing campaigns than we can; and 

the extent of our competitors 
 responsiveness to customer needs. 

In
order to be competitive, we must have the ability to respond promptly and efficiently to the ever-changing marketplace. We must establish
our name as a reliable and constant source of the highest quality products. 

We
may not be successful in increasing our brand awareness which would adversely affect our business, result of operations, and financial
condition. 

Our
future success will depend, in part, on our ability to increase the brand awareness of our website and the products we offer. If our
marketing efforts are unsuccessful or if we cannot increase our brand awareness, our business, financial condition, and results of operations
would be materially adversely affected. In order to build our brand awareness, we must succeed in our marketing efforts, provide high
quality products and increase traffic to our website. 

15 

We
may not be able to successfully manage our growth. 

For
NWHB to succeed, it needs to experience significant expansion. There can be no assurance that it will achieve this expansion. This expansion,
if accomplished, may place a significant strain on the Company s management, operational and financial resources. To manage any
material growth, the Company will be required to implement operational and financial systems, procedures and controls. It also will be
required to expand its finance, administrative and operations staff. There can be no assurance that the Company s current and planned
personnel, systems, procedures and controls will be adequate to support its future operations at any increased level. The Company s
failure to manage growth effectively could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition. 

If
we do not successfully establish and maintain our brand as highly trusted and respected or are unable to attract and retain clients,
we could sustain loss of revenues, which could significantly affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

In
order to attract and retain a client base and increase business, we must establish, maintain and strengthen our name and the products
we provide. In order to be successful in establishing our reputation, clients must perceive us as a trusted source for quality products
and customer service. If we are unable to attract and retain clients with our current marketing plans, we may not be able to successfully
establish our name and reputation, which could significantly affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Uninsured
Losses 

NWHB
may obtain comprehensive insurance, including liability, fire and extended coverage, as is customarily obtained by business entities.
Certain types of losses of a catastrophic nature, however, such as losses from floods, tornados, thunderstorms, hurricanes and earthquakes,
are uninsurable or not economically insurable to the full extent of potential loss. Other uninsurable events such as Acts of God ,
work stoppages, pandemics, regulatory actions, or other causes, could interrupt operations and adversely affect NWHB s results
of operations. 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR INDUSTRY 

We
are dependent on third party merchant credit card processors. 

Our
future success will depend, in significant part, upon third party credit card processing firms. Loss of our merchant services credit
card processing firm and the inability to rapidly replace that firm could have a substantial negative effect on our business. 

We
are dependent on the Internet infrastructure. 

Our
future success will depend, in significant part, upon the maintenance of the various components of the Internet infrastructure, such
as a reliable backbone network with the necessary speed, data capacity and security, and the timely development of enabling products,
such as high-speed modems, which provide reliable and timely Internet access and services. To the extent that the Internet continues
to experience increased numbers of users, frequency of use or increased user bandwidth requirements, we cannot be sure that the Internet
infrastructure will continue to be able to support the demands placed on it or that the performance or reliability of the Internet will
not be adversely affected. Furthermore, the Internet has experienced a variety of outages and other delays as a result of damage to portions
of its infrastructure or otherwise, and such outages or delays could adversely affect our website and the websites of our co-branded
partners, as well as the Internet service providers and online service providers our customers use to access our services. In addition,
the Internet could lose its viability as a commercial medium due to delays in the development or adoption of new standards and protocols
that can handle increased levels of activity. We cannot predict whether the infrastructure and complementary products and services necessary
to maintain the Internet as a viable commercial medium will be developed or maintained. The threat of hacking is an ongoing one and to
the best of our ability we will monitor our servers, maintain up-to-date anti-virus and anti-malware programs and keep our employees
advised as to proper computer security. 

16 

Risks
Related to Investment in our Company 

The
market for our common stock could be volatile and could decline when you want to sell your holdings. 

Our
common stock trades on the OTC Pink under the symbol SRCO. Numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, may cause the market
price of our common stock to fluctuate significantly. These factors include but are not limited to: (i) actual or anticipated changes
in our earnings, fluctuations in our operating results or our failure to meet the expectations of financial market analysts and investor;
(ii) changes in financial estimates by us or by any securities analysts who might cover our stock; (iii) speculation about our business
in the press or the investment community; (iv) stock market price and volume fluctuations of other publicly traded companies and, in
particular, those that are in our industry; (v) our potential inability to pay back outstanding notes or debentures, or contractual obligations
related to the cancellation thereof; (vi) investor perceptions of our respective industries in general and our company in particular;
(vii) the operating and stock performance of comparable companies; (viii) general economic conditions and trends; (ix) major catastrophic
events; (x) announcements by us or our competitors of new products, significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships or divestitures;
(xi) changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretation or principles; (xii) sales of our common stock, including sales
by our directors, officers or significant stockholders; and (xiii) additions or departures of key personnel. 

Moreover,
securities markets may from time-to-time experience significant price and volume fluctuations for reasons unrelated to operating performance
of particular companies. These market fluctuations may adversely affect the price of our common stock and other interests in our company
at a time when you want to sell your interest in us. 

Our
common stock will be subject to the penny stock rules of the SEC, which may make it more difficult for stockholders to
sell our common stock. 

The
Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted Rule 15g-9 which establishes the definition of a penny stock, for the purposes
relevant to us, as any equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than 5.00
per share, subject to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require (i) that a broker
or dealer approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks; and (ii) the broker or dealer receive from the investor
a written agreement to the transaction, setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. 

In
order to approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must (i) obtain financial information
and investment experience objectives of the person; and (ii) make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are
suitable for that person and the person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the
risks of transactions in penny stocks. 

The
broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the Commission relating
to the penny stock market, which, in highlight form (i) sets forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination;
and (ii) that the broker or dealer received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction. 

Disclosure
also has to be made about the risks of investing in penny stocks in both public offerings and in secondary trading and about the commissions
payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and the rights and remedies
available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally, monthly statements have to be sent disclosing recent
price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. 

The
regulations applicable to penny stocks may severely affect the market liquidity for our common stock and could limit an investor s
ability to sell our common stock in the secondary market. 

17 

We
are subject to variable conversion prices and adjustments related to certain of our convertible notes and our common stock purchase warrants
which could cause significant dilution to stockholders and adversely impact the price of our common stock. 

Certain
of our securities are subject to variable conversion prices and adjustments. As a result, future conversion of debt into shares of common
stock or issuance of new convertible debt may result in significant dilution to our shareholders. There were approximately 42 million
potential shares at April 30, 2022. The number of potential shares will likely vary based on fluctuations in the trading price of our
stock. We are negotiating potential settlements of debt to reduce the number of potential shares. (SEE ITEM # 3 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS). 

Failure
to maintain effective internal controls in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could have a material adverse effect
on our business and operating results and stockholders could lose confidence in our financial reporting. 

Effective
internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reliable
financial reports or prevent fraud, our operating results could be harmed. Failure to achieve and maintain an effective internal control
environment, regardless of whether we are required to maintain such controls, could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported
financial information, which could have a material adverse effect on our stock price. Because of our limited resources, management has
concluded that our internal control over financial reporting may not be effective in providing reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles. Furthermore, we have not obtained an independent audit of our internal controls and, as a result, we are not aware of any
deficiencies which would result from such an audit. Further, at such time as we are required to comply with the internal controls 
requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we may incur significant expenses in having our internal controls audited and in implementing
any changes which are required. 

We
have not paid dividends on our common stock in the past and do not expect to pay dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future.
Any return on investment may be limited to the value of our common stock. 

No
cash dividends have been paid on our common stock. We expect that any income received from operations will be devoted to our future operations
and growth. We do not expect to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the near future. Payment of dividends would depend upon our
profitability at the time, cash available for those dividends, and other factors as our board of directors may consider relevant. If
we do not pay dividends, our common stock may be less valuable because a return on an investor s investment will only occur if
our stock price appreciates. 

The
requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management s attention and affect our ability to attract
and retain qualified board members. 

We
are a public company and are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. The Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and
financial condition. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures
and internal controls for financial reporting. For example, Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires that our management
report on, and our independent auditors attest to, the effectiveness of our internal controls structure and procedures for financial
reporting. Section 404 compliance may divert internal resources and will take a significant amount of time and effort to complete. We
may not be able to successfully complete the procedures and certification and attestation requirements of Section 404 by the time we
will be required to do so. If we fail to do so, or if in the future our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer or independent
registered public accounting firm determines that our internal controls over financial reporting are not effective as defined under Section
404, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Furthermore, investor perceptions
of our company may suffer, and this could cause a decline in the market price of our common stock. Irrespective of compliance with Section
404, any failure of our internal controls could have a material adverse effect on our stated results of operations and harm our reputation.
If we are unable to implement these changes effectively or efficiently, it could harm our operations, financial reporting or financial
results and could result in an adverse opinion on internal controls from our independent auditors. We may need to hire a number of additional
employees with public accounting and disclosure experience in order to meet our ongoing obligations as a public company, which will increase
costs. Our management team and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to new compliance initiatives and to
meeting the obligations that are associated with being a public company, which may divert attention from other business concerns, which
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

18 

Future
sales of our equity securities could result in downward selling pressure on our securities, and may adversely affect the stock price. 

In
the event that our equity securities are sold or convertible debt is converted into equity securities, there is a risk of downward pressure
may result, making it difficult for an investor to sell his or her securities at any reasonable price, if at all. Future sales of substantial
amounts of our equity securities in the public market, or the perception that such sales could occur, could put downward selling pressure
on our securities, and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

We
have authorized a class of preferred stock that may alter the rights of common stockholders by giving preferred stockholders greater
dividend rights, liquidation rights and voting rights than our common stockholders have. 

Our
board is empowered to issue, without stockholder approval, preferred stock, on one or more series, with dividend, liquidation, conversion,
voting or other rights that could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of common stock. From time to time,
we have designated, and may in the future designate, series of preferred stock carrying various preferences and rights different from,
and greater than, our common stock. As of April 30, 2023, we have three series of preferred stock outstanding. Preferred stock could
be utilized, under certain circumstances, as a method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control of the company. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Our
executive offices are located at 555 Fifth Avenue, 14 th Floor, New York, NY 10017. We had an agreement for use of office space
at this location under a sub-lease which expired July 31, 2018 and continues on a month-to-month basis thereafter. For the year ending
April 30, 2023 and 2022, the rent was 68,000 and 64,800 respectively. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

As
of April 30, 2023, we have not been named as parties to any further legal proceedings. The two litigations disclosed prior are updated
below. From time to time, of course, we may become involved in further legal proceedings, which sometimes arise due to the very nature
of and in the ordinary course of this business. 

By
way of background, the Company had received notices dated April 1, 2016 and May 13, 2016, from a lender claiming defaults relating to
conversion requests totaling 8,365.00 in principal, plus interest, attorney fees and also seeking stock conversions aside from the stated
principal and interest concerning the notes in the total amount of 55,125.00, which the Company had declined to process and believes
it has valid, meritorious defenses in that regard. Company believes these claims are contingent and unliquidated and disputed same. While
there can be no absolute assurances that the Company will prevail in the litigation concerning allegations brought against the Company,
these potential liabilities have been recorded in the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Concerning
the above, on September 22, 2016, a motion for summary judgment in lieu of complaint was filed in the Supreme Court in the State of
New York: County of Kings against the Company by a lender for the amount of 102,170.82 in principal and stock conversion interest,
plus fees and costs. Plaintiff s motion for summary judgment in lieu of complaint was denied on May 5, 2017. Thereafter, on
August 22, 2018, Plaintiff brought a second motion seeking summary judgment on the liability issue, which again was denied by the
Court on March 14, 2019. The most recent appearance in this matter had scheduled for March 13, 2020, at which time the Court marked
the case adjourned without a date due to the restrictions imposed on the Courts arising from the COVID-19 pandemic. To date, no further Court appearances have been scheduled in this matter.
However, most notably, a favorable decision from the New York State Court of Appeals regarding the same types of transactions has since
determined such notes to be criminally usurious and, therefore, unenforceable. Since identical affirmative defenses were raised on behalf
of the Company, the pending action is expected to be discontinued by plaintiff, with prejudice. Counsel for the parties have been working
on a stipulation of discontinuance to that effect. 

On
October 26, 2018, a second lender commenced an action in the Supreme Court of the State of New York: New York County alleging damages
from unpaid principal arising from a promissory note dated February 26, 2015, in the amount of 50,000.00 plus damages including interest
and stock conversions, costs and fees. The Company disputed the enforceability of such claims for similar reasons, as stated above, based
on the Court of Appeals ruling regarding the unenforceable nature of such claims demanding usurious interest rates. On November 9, 2022
the court rendered a decision on the cross motions for summary judgment in favor of the Company granting full dismissal of all causes
of action and awarded costs in favor of the Company. The time within which for plaintiff to appeal the decision has since expired. As
such, the claim has been fully resolved. 

19 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information (Check dates and numbers in table below) 

Our
common stock is currently quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board under the symbol SRCO . The following table sets forth, for the
calendar periods indicated, the range of the high and low closing prices of our common stock, as reported by the OTCBB. The quotations
represent inter-dealer prices without retail mark-ups, mark-downs or commissions, and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

High 
 Low 
 
 Fiscal Year 2022 

First quarter (May 1, 2022 July 31, 2022) 
 0.21 
 0.08 
 
 Second quarter (August 1, 2022 October 31, 2022) 
 0.28 
 0.09 
 
 Third quarter (November 1, 2022 January 31, 2023) 
 0.19 
 0.19 
 
 Fourth quarter (February 1, 2023 April 30, 2023) 
 0.23 
 0.13 
 
 Fiscal Year 2021 

First quarter (May 1, 2021 July 31, 2021) 
 0.20 
 0.07 
 
 Second quarter (August 1, 2021 October 31, 2022) 
 0.07 
 0.05 
 
 Third quarter (November 1, 2021 January 31, 2022) 
 0.28 
 0.04 
 
 Fourth quarter (February 1, 2022 April 30, 2022) 
 0.28 
 0.08 

Holders 

The
approximate number of holders of record of our common stock as of April 30, 2023 was 3,024 excluding stockholders holding common stock
under nominee security position listings. 

Dividends 

We
have never declared any cash dividends on our common stock. Future cash dividends on the common stock, if any, will be at the discretion
of our Board of Directors and will depend on our future operations and earnings, capital requirements and surplus, general financial
condition, contractual restrictions, including any restrictions pursuant to the terms of senior securities outstanding, and other factors
that the Board of Directors may consider important. The Board of Directors does not intend to declare or pay cash dividends in the foreseeable
future. The current policy is to retain all earnings, if any, to support future growth and expansion. 

As
of April 30, 2023, we had outstanding 125 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, .001 par value. The Series A shares pay a
6 annual dividend that may be paid in cash or shares of common stock at our option. As of April 30, 2023, we have not distributed any
dividends on the Series A shares, in cash or in shares of common stock. Upon conversion of the Series A shares, all accrued and unpaid
dividends are extinguished. As of April 30, 2023, there was 11,574 of accrued Series A dividends payable. 

20 

As
of April 30, 2023, and April 30, 2022, we had no shares of Series B preferred stock outstanding or dividends payable. 

As
of April 30, 2023, and April 30, 2022, we had 1,979,157, and 2,163,000 shares of Series C convertible preferred stock outstanding, respectively.
The Series C convertible preferred stock is non-dividend paying. 

As
of April 30, 2023, and April 30, 2022, we had 937,754 and 618,411 shares of Series D convertible preferred stock outstanding, respectively.
The Series D convertible preferred stock is non dividend paying. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Each
of the issuance and sale of securities described below was deemed to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act in reliance
on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as transactions by an issuer not involving a public offering. No advertising
or general solicitation was employed in offering the securities. Each purchaser is a sophisticated investor (as described in Rule 506(b)
(2) (ii) of Regulation D) or an accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D), and each received adequate information
about the Company or had access to such information, through employment or other relationships, to such information. 

Issuance
of common stock and restricted preferred units: (need to insert sales of shares here?) 

During
the year ended April 30, 2023, the Company: 

Converted 462,792 preferred shares C to 1,388,000 shares of common stock 
 
 Converted 141,053 preferred D shares to 564,212 shares of common stocks 
 
 Issued 505,212 shares of common stock with unissued remaining of 2,908,714 for cash of 267,500 
 
 Issued 2,328,899 shares of common stock for consulting services valued at 336,446 
 
 Issued 250,000 shares of common stock for settlement of notes payable valued at 34,410 
 
 Issued 865,905 shares of common stock as an incentive to noteholders valued at 235,877 

The
issuance of shares of our Series C and Series D Convertible Preferred Units was exempt from registration under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, in reliance on an exemption provided by Section 4(a)(2) and Regulation D of that act. These shares were unissued as
of April 30, 2023. 

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

FORWARD-LOOKING 
INFORMATION 

This
report on Form 10-K contains various statements that may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section
27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Rule 175 promulgated thereunder, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, and Rule 3b-6 promulgated thereunder which represent our expectations and beliefs, including, but not limited to, statements
concerning the Company s business and financial plans and prospects and are intended to be covered by the safe harbor provisions
of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any statements about our expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions
or future events or performance are not historical facts and may be forward-looking. The words believe, expect, 
 anticipate, estimate, project, and other similar expressions can, but not always, identify
forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date such statement was made. We base these forward-looking statements on our
current expectations and projections about future events, our assumptions regarding these events and our knowledge of facts at the time
the statements are made. These statements by their nature involve substantial risks and uncertainties, certain of which are beyond our
control, and actual results may differ materially depending on a variety of important factors. Risks and uncertainties that could cause
our financial performance to differ materially from our goals, plans, expectations and projections expressed in forward-looking statements
include those set forth in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), including Item 1A of the Company s
Annual Report of Form 10-K for the year ended April 30, 2023. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. The
Company does not undertake to update forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the date the forward-looking
statements are made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. You should consider any forward-looking statements in light
of this explanation, and we caution you about relying on forward-looking statements. 

21 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS 

For
the year ended April 30, 2023, our revenues from operations increased approximately 11,437 or 5 as compared to the year ended April
30, 2022. We have continued to incur significant expenses and have sustained significant losses. 

Revenues totaled 256,906 in fiscal 2023 compared
to revenues of 245,469 in fiscal 2022 primarily due to an increase in information technology revenue. 

NWHB revenues in the current fiscal year were
 21,772 compared to 26,065 in the previous fiscal year. A 16 decrease compared to the previous fiscal year primarily due to the
discontinuation of our CBD product lines. 

Cost
of Revenue 

The cost of revenue consists of costs and fees paid to third parties to
construct and maintain mobile apps, as well as fees for subscription services related to vehicle history reports. A decrease of 7,622
or 15 is primarily due to inventory write-offs. 

Operating
Expenses 

General and administrative expenses were 1,577,496 during the year ended
April 30, 2023, compared to 1,867,927 during the year ended April 30, 2022, a decrease of 159,813, or 9 primarily due to decreased
general office expenses of 539,664 and accounting and legal fees decreasing by 17,136 or 18 . The following are the major expense categories: 

2023 
 2022 
 Increase (Decrease) 

Compensation and Related cost 
 777,615 
 577,290 
 200,325 
 35 
 
 Accounting and Legal Fees 
 78,120 
 95,256 
 (17,136 
 -18 
 
 Consulting Fees 
 428,471 
 235,009 
 193,462 
 82 
 
 Rent and Lease 
 68,000 
 64,800 
 3,200 
 5 
 
 General office Expenses 
 251,394 
 895,572 
 (513,560 
 7067 

1,603,600 
 1,867,927 
 185,917 
 911 

Other
income (expense) 

Other income (expenses) for the year ended April 30, 2023, comprised primarily
of convertible notes written off 771,494 , interest on notes payables 528,176 and gain on the value of derivative liabilities of 2,170,516,
while in the fiscal year 2022, comprised of interest expenses of 426,511, and loss on the value of derivative liabilities of 99,545. 

22 

Net
Income (Loss) 

Our net income attributable to common stockholders for the year ended April
30, 2023, was 1,020,456, compared to a Net loss of 2,195,768 for April 30, 2022. The net income for the year was primarily due to the
gain on the valuation of derivative liabilities, where the gain in value as of April 30, 2023, was 2,170,516 compared to the previous
year s loss in valuation of 99,545. 

LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

As of April 30, 2023, we had an accumulated deficit
of 66,150,857 and a total stockholders deficit of 11,216,483. Our net cash flow from operations was 0 for the year ended April
30, 2023. This deficit results primarily from our net income of 1,020,456, decreased by noncash income from change in fair value of derivative
liabilities of 2,170,516, and offset by increase in Accounts payables and accrued expenses 1,931,727. 

We met our cash requirements during the period through
revenue of 256,906 and proceeds from the sale of common shares of 1,245,190 and proceeds from convertible notes. 

We do not anticipate incurring significant research and development expenditures,
and we do not anticipate the sale or acquisition of any significant property, plant or equipment, during the next twelve months. At April
30, 2023, we had 6 full time employees, one part time employee, and 2 full-time consultants. If we fully implement our business plan,
we anticipate our employment base may increase during the next twelve months. As we continue to expand, we will incur additional cost
for personnel. This potential increase in personnel is dependent upon our generating increased revenues and obtaining sources of financing.
There is no guarantee that we will be successful in raising the funds required or generating revenues sufficient to fund the potential
increase in the number of employees. Our employees are not represented by a union. 

While
we have raised capital to meet our working capital and financing needs in the past, additional financing is required in order to meet
our current and potential future cash flow deficits from operations. 

We
continue to seek additional financing, which may be in the form of senior debt, subordinated debt or equity. We currently have no commitments
for financing that are not at the investor s election. There is no guarantee that we will be successful in raising the funds required
to support our operations. 

We
estimate that we will need approximately 1,000,000 in addition to our normal operating cash flow to conduct operations during the next
twelve months. However, there can be no assurance that additional private or public financing, including debt or equity financing, will
be available as needed, or, if available, on terms favorable to us. Any additional equity financing may be dilutive to stockholders and
such additional equity securities may have rights, preferences or privileges that are senior to those of our existing common or preferred
stock. Furthermore, debt financing, if available, will require payment of interest and may involve restrictive covenants that could impose
limitations on our operating flexibility. However, if we are not successful in generating sufficient liquidity from operations or in
raising sufficient capital resources, on terms acceptable to us, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operations, liquidity and financial condition, and we will have to adjust our planned operations and development on a more limited scale. 

The
effect of inflation on our revenue and operating results was not significant. Our operations are located in North America and there are
no seasonal aspects that would have a material effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 

23 

AUDITOR S
OPINION EXPRESSES DOUBT ABOUT THE COMPANY S ABILITY TO CONTINUE AS A GOING CONCERN 

The
independent auditors report on our April 30, 2023 and 2022 financial statements included in the Company s Annual Report states
that the Company s historical losses and the lack of revenues raise substantial doubts about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern due to the losses incurred and its lack of significant operations. If we are unable to develop our business, we have
to discontinue operations or cease to exist, which would be detrimental to the value of the Company s common stock. We can make
no assurances that our business operations will develop and provide us with significant cash to continue operations. 

In
order to improve the Company s liquidity, the Company s management is actively pursuing additional financing through discussions
with investment bankers, financial institutions and private investors. There can be no assurance the Company will be successful in its
effort to secure additional financing. 

We
continue to experience net operating losses. Our ability to continue as a going concern is subject to our ability to develop profitable
operations. We are devoting substantially all of our efforts to developing our business and raising capital. Our net operating losses
increase the difficulty in meeting such goals and there can be no assurances that such methods will prove successful. 

Product
Research and Development 

We
do not anticipate incurring significant research and development expenditures during the next twelve months. 

Acquisition
or Disposition of Plant and Equipment 

We
do not anticipate the acquisition or sale of any significant property, plant or equipment during the next twelve months. 

Number
of Employees 

From
our inception through the period ended April 30, 2023, we have relied on the services of outside consultants for services and currently
have six full-time employees, one part-time employee and five interns. In order for us to attract and retain quality personnel, we anticipate
we will have to offer competitive salaries to future employees. If we fully implement our business plan, we anticipate our employment
base may increase during the next twelve months. As we continue to expand, we will incur additional cost for personnel. This projected
increase in personnel is dependent upon our generating revenues and obtaining sources of financing. There is no guarantee that we will
be successful in raising the funds required or generating revenues sufficient to fund the projected increase in the number of employees. 

Inflation 

The
impact of inflation on our costs and the ability to pass on cost increases to our customers over time is dependent upon market conditions.
We are not aware of any inflationary pressures that have had any significant impact on our operations over the past year, and we do not
anticipate that inflationary factors will have a significant impact on future operations. 

CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

The
preparation of our financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires us
to make estimates and judgments that affect our reported assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses, and the disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various other assumptions, we believe to
be reasonable under the circumstances. Future events, however, may differ markedly from our current expectations and assumptions. While
there are a number of significant accounting policies affecting our financial statements, we believe the following critical accounting
policy involves the most complex, difficult and subjective estimates and judgments. 

Revenue
Recognition 

During
the first quarter of 2018, the Company adopted ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), using the cumulative-effect
method. The new standard requires an entity to recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount
that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The adoption did
not have an impact in our consolidated financial statements, other than the enhancement of our disclosures related to our revenue-generating
activities. 

24 

The
Company acts as a principal in its revenue transactions as the Company is the primary obligor in the transactions. 

Revenues
from mobile app products and New World Health Brands products are generally recognized upon delivery. Revenues from History Reports are
generally recognized upon delivery / download. Prepayments received from customers before delivery (if any) are recognized as deferred
revenue and recognized upon delivery. The Company records deferred revenues when cash payments are received or due in advance of our
performance, including amounts which are refundable. 

Information
Technology: 

The
Company recognizes revenue when the following criteria have been met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, no significant Company
obligations remain, collection of the related receivable is reasonably assured, and the fees are fixed or determinable. The Company acts
as a principal in its revenue transactions as the Company is the primary obligor in the transactions. 

Revenues
from mobile app products are generally recognized upon delivery. Revenues from History Reports are generally recognized upon delivery
/ download. Prepayments received from customers before delivery (if any) are recognized as deferred revenue and recognized upon delivery. 

New
World Health Brands: 

Revenues
from New World Health Brands products are generally recognized upon delivery. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

The
Company adopted Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standard Codification Topic 718 ASC 718-10 ), which
records compensation expense on a straight-line basis, generally over the explicit service period of three to five years. 

ASC
718-10 requires companies to estimate the fair value of share-based payment awards on the date of grant using an option-pricing model.
The value of the portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as expense over the requisite service periods
in the Company s Consolidated Statement of Operations. The Company is using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model as its method
of valuation for share-based awards. The Company s determination of fair value of share-based payment awards on the date of grant
using an option-pricing model is affected by the Company s stock price as well as assumptions regarding a number of highly complex
and subjective variables. These variables include, but are not limited to the Company s expected stock price volatility over the
term of the awards, and certain other market variables such as the risk free interest rate. 

Inventories 

The
Company s inventories represent finished goods, consist of products available for sale and are accounted for using the first-in,
first-out (FIFO) method and valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Inventory consists of finished goods for the Company s
New World Health Brands business. 

Convertible
Instruments 

The
Company evaluates and accounts for conversion options embedded in its convertible instruments in accordance with professional standards
for Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities ASC 815-40 ). 

25 

The
Company accounts for convertible instruments (when it has determined that the embedded conversion options should not be bifurcated from
their host instruments) in accordance with professional standards when Accounting for Convertible Securities with Beneficial
Conversion Features , as those professional standards pertain to Certain Convertible Instruments. Accordingly,
the Company records, when necessary, discounts to convertible notes for the intrinsic value of conversion options embedded in debt instruments
based upon the differences between the fair value of the underlying common stock at the commitment date of the note transaction and the
effective conversion price embedded in the note. Debt discounts under these arrangements are amortized over the term of the related debt
to their earliest date of redemption. The Company also records when necessary deemed dividends for the intrinsic value of conversion
options embedded in preferred shares based upon the differences between the fair value of the underlying common stock at the commitment
date of the note transaction and the effective conversion price embedded in the note. ASC 815-40 provides that, among other things, generally,
if an event is not within the entity s control could or require net cash settlement, then the contract shall be classified as an
asset or a liability. 

Derivative
Liabilities 

ASC
815 generally provides three criteria that, if met, require companies to bifurcate conversion options from their host instruments and
account for them as freestanding derivative financial instruments. These three criteria include circumstances in which (a) the economic
characteristics and risks of the embedded derivative instrument are not clearly and closely related to the economic characteristics and
risks of the host contract, (b) the hybrid instrument that embodies both the embedded derivative instrument and the host contract is
not re-measured at fair value under otherwise applicable generally accepted accounting principles with changes in fair value reported
in earnings as they occur and (c) a separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative instrument would be considered
a derivative instrument subject to the requirements of ASC 815. ASC 815 also provides an exception to this rule when the host instrument
is deemed to be conventional, as described. 

RECENT
ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 

For
information regarding recent accounting pronouncements and their effect on the Company, see Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
in Note A of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained herein. 

In
March 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-09, Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based
Payment Accounting ASU 2018-09 ). This ASU makes several modifications to Topic 718 related to the accounting
for forfeitures, employer tax withholding on share-based compensation, and the financial statement presentation of excess tax benefits
or deficiencies. ASU 2018-09 also clarifies the statement of cash flows presentation for certain components of share-based awards. The
standard is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted. The
Company adopted this guidance on May 1, 2019 and it did not have an impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements and
related disclosures. 

In
August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern (Topic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties
about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern ASU 2014-15 ). This amendment prescribes that an entity
should evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the entity s
ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. The amendments became
effective for the Company s annual and interim reporting periods beginning May 1, 2019. The Company will begin evaluating going
concern disclosures based on this guidance upon adoption. 

The
FASB issued the following accounting standard updates related to Topic 606, Revenue Contracts with Customers : 

ASU No. 2014-09 , Revenue
 from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) ASU 2014-09 in May 2014. ASU 2014-09 requires entities to recognize
 revenue through the application of a five-step model, which includes identification of the contract, identification of the performance
 obligations, determination of the transaction price, allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations and recognition
 of revenue as the entity satisfies the performance obligations. 

ASU No. 2018-08, Revenue
 from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) : Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net) ASU
 2018-08 in March 2018. ASU 2018-08 does not change the core principle of revenue recognition in Topic 606 but clarifies the
 implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations. 

ASU No. 2018-10, Revenue
 from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing ASU 2018-10 in April
 2018. ASU 2018-10 does not change the core principle of revenue recognition in Topic 606 but clarifies the implementation guidance
 on identifying performance obligations and the licensing implementation guidance, while retaining the related principles for those
 areas. 

26 

ASU No. 2018-11, Revenue
 Recognition (Topic 605) and Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Rescission of SEC Guidance Because of Accounting Standards Updates
 2014-09 and 2014-16 Pursuant to Staff Announcements at the March 3, 2018 EITF Meeting (SEC Update) ASU 2018-11 in
 May 2018. ASU 2018-11 rescinds SEC paragraphs pursuant to two SEC Staff Announcements at the March 3, 2018 EITF meeting. The SEC
 Staff is rescinding SEC Staff Observer comments that are codified in Topic 605 and Topic 932, effective upon adoption of Topic 606. 

ASU No. 2018-12, Revenue
 from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients in May 2018. ASU 2018-12 does not
 change the core principle of revenue recognition in Topic 606 but clarifies the implementation guidance on a few narrow areas and
 adds some practical expedients to the guidance. 

These
ASUs became effective for the Company beginning interim period beginning May 1, 2018. Adoption of this standard did not have a material
impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In
February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02 (Topic 842) Leases . Topic 842 supersedes
the lease requirements in Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 840, Leases . Under Topic 842, lessees are
required to recognize assets and liabilities on the balance sheet for most leases and provide enhanced disclosures. Leases will continue
to be classified as either finance or operating. The Company adopted Topic 842 effective May 1, 2019 using a modified retrospective method
and elected not to recognize leases with terms of 12 months or less. Adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the
Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
do not maintain off-balance sheet arrangements, nor do we participate in non-exchange traded contracts requiring fair value accounting
treatment. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable. 

27 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Page 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB 0 
 29 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of April 30, 2023 and 2022 
 31 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 
 32 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Deficit for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 
 33 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 
 34 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 35 

28 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To:
Shareholders and 

 Board
of Directors of Sparta Commercial Services, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the financial statements of Sparta Commercial Services, Inc. which comprise the consolidated balance sheets as of years
ended April 30, 2023, and April 30, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit,
and cash flows for the years ended April 30, 2023, and April 30, 2022, and the related notes to the financial statements (collectively
referred to as the financial statements ). 

In
our opinion, the accompanying financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Sparta Commercial
Services, Inc. as of years ended April 30, 2023, and April 30, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the two
years ended April 30, 2023 in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial
Doubt About the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
B to the financial statements, the Company has a working capital deficit, and accumulated deficit for the years ended April 30, 2023,
and April 30, 2022. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note B. The financial statements do not include adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits
included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud,
and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts
and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provides a
reasonable basis for our opinion. 

29 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter
in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below,
providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Accounting
for Embedded Derivative Liabilities Related to Convertible Debentures 

As
described in Notes A and C to the financial statements, the Company had convertible debentures that required accounting considerations
and significant estimates. 

The
Company determined that variable conversion features issued in connection with certain convertible debentures required derivative liability
classification. These variable conversion features were initially measured at fair value and subsequently have been remeasured to fair
value at each reporting period. The Company determined the fair value of the embedded derivatives using the Black-Scholes-Merton option
pricing model. 

We
identified the accounting considerations and related valuations, including the related fair value determinations of the embedded derivative
liabilities of such as a critical audit matter. The principal considerations for our determination were: (1) the accounting consideration
in determining the nature of the various features (2) the evaluation of the potential derivatives and potential bifurcation in the instruments,
and (3) considerations related to the determination of the fair value of the various debt and equity instruments and the conversion features
that include valuation models and assumptions utilized by management. Auditing these elements is especially challenging and requires
auditor judgement due to the nature and extent of audit effort required to address these matters, including the extent of specialized
skill or knowledge needed. 

Our
audit procedures related to management s conclusion on the evaluation and related valuation of embedded derivatives, included the
following, among others: (1) evaluating the relevant terms and conditions of the various financings, (2) assessing the appropriateness
of conclusions reached by the Company with respect to the accounting for the convertible debt, and the assessment and accounting for
potential derivatives and (3) independently recomputing the valuations determined by Management. 

PCAOB ID: 06771 

 We have served as Sparta Commercial Services, Inc. s auditor since
2023. 

August 17, 2023 

30 

SPARTA
COMMERCIAL SERVICES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED APRIL 30, 2023 AND 2022 

2023 
 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

Current
 Assets 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 

Accounts
 receivable 
 - 
 - 
 
 Inventory 
 - 
 - 
 
 Other
 current assets 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total
 Current Assets 

Property
 and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of and , respectively 
 - 
 - 
 
 Deposits
 - rent deposit 

Total
 assets 

LIABILITIES
 AND DEFICIT 

Liabilities: 

Current
 Liabilities 

Bank
 overdraft 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

Short
 Term Loan 

Current
 portion notes payable 

Derivative
 liabilities 

Total
Current Liabilities 

Loans
 payable-related parties 

Total
Long Term Liabilities 

Total
 liabilities 

Stockholders 
 Deficit: 

Preferred
 stock , par value; shares authorized of which shares have been designated as Series A convertible preferred
 stock, with a stated value of per share, and shares issued and outstanding as of April 30, 2023 and April 30, 2022 respectively 

Preferred
 stock C , shares have been designated as Series C redeemable, convertible preferred, par value, with a liquidation
 and redemption value of per share, and shares issued and outstanding as of April 30, 2023 and April
 30,2022 respectively 

Preferred
stock D , shares have been designated as Series D redeemable, convertible preferred, par value, with a liquidation
and redemption value of per share, and shares issued and outstanding as of April 30, 2023 and April 30, 2022, respectively 

Preferred Stock Value 

Common
 stock , par value; shares authorized, and and shares issued and outstanding,
 respectively 

Common
 stock to be issued 
 and respectively 

Additional
 paid-in-capital 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Total
 deficiency in stockholders equity 

Non-controlling
 interest 

Total
 Deficit 

Total
 Liabilities and Deficit 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

31 

SPARTA
COMMERCIAL SERVICES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED APRIL 30, 2023 AND 2022 

2023 
 2022 

For
 the year ended April 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Revenue 

Information
 technology 

New
 World Health Brands 

Total
 Revenue 

Less
 Cost of goods sold 

Gross
 profit 

Operating
 expenses: 

Compensation and related cost 

Accounting and legal fees 

Consulting fee 

Rent and lease 

General office expenses 

Total
 operating expenses 

Loss
 from operations 

Other
 (income) expense: 

Commission on municipal bonds 

Financing
 cost 

Write
 off convertible notes 
 
 - 
 
 Loss
 (gain) in changes in fair value of derivative liability 

Total
other (income) expense 

Net
 income (loss) 

Net
 profit attributable to minority shareholder 

Preferred
 dividend 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net
 income (loss) attributed to common stockholders 

Basic
 and diluted loss per share: 

Loss
 from continuing operations attributable to Sparta Commercial Services, Inc. common stockholders 

Net
 loss attributable to Sparta Commercial Services, Inc. common stockholders 

Weighted
 average shares outstanding 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

32 

SPARTA
COMMERCIAL SERVICES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF DEFICIT 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED APRIL 30, 2023 AND 2022 

Shares 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Interest 
 Total 

Series
 A 
 
 Series
 C 
 Series
 D 

Common
 Stock 
 Additional 
 
 Non 

Preferred
 Stock 
 
 Preferred
 Stock 
 Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 to
 be issued 
 Paid
 in 
 Accumulated 
 controlling 

Shares 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Interest 
 Total 
 
 Balance
 April 30, 2022 

Conversion
 of Preferred to common shares C 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

- 
 - 

Conversion of Preferred to common shares 

Conversion of Preferred to common shares, shares 

Conversion
 of notes to common shares 

Conversion
 of notes to common shares, shares 

Issuance
 of preferred shares 

Issuance
 of preferred shares, shares 

Stocks
 issued for settlement of payables 

Stocks
 issued for settlement of payable, shares 

Preferred
 dividends 

Stocks
 issued from to be issued 

Stocks
 issued from to be issued, shares 

Conversion
 of Preferred to common shares D 

- 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of common shares for cash 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Issuance
 of shares for services 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 for Notes payable 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Stocks
 issued as note holder incentive 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Stocks
 issued for equity 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Reconciling
 shares 
 - 
 - 

- 

- 
 - 

Net
 Income (loss) for the year 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 April 30, 2023 

Balance
 April 30, 2021 

Balance value 

Conversion
 of Preferred to common shares 
 - 

- 

Conversion
 of notes to common shares 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of preferred shares 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

- 
 - 

Issuance
 of common shares for cash 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Issuance
 of shares for services 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Stocks
 issued for settlement of payables 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Stocks
 issued for equity 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Stocks
 issued from to be issued 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Preferred
 dividends 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net
 loss for the year 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net
 income (loss) 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 April 30, 2022 

Balance
 value 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

33 

SPARTA
COMMERCIAL SERVICES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For
the fiscal years ending April 30 

2023 
 2022 

CASH
 FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net
Income loss 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating
activities: 

Depreciation
 and amortization 
 - 
 - 
 
 Loss
 (Gain) from change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Conversion
 of notes payable to equity 
 - 

Amortization
 of debt discount 
 - 
 - 
 
 Non-cash
 financing cost 

Non-cash
 consulting fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Write
 off promissory notes 

Changes
in operating assets and liabilities 

Accounts
receivable 
 - 

Inventory 
 - 

Other assets 
 - 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 
 - 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH
 FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 
 - 
 - 

CASH
 FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Bank
 overdraft 

Proceeds from sale of stock 

Payments from notes conversion 

Proceeds
 from related party notes 
 - 

Payments and extinguishment of related party notes 
 
 - 

Net
cash provided by financing activities 

Net
 (decrease) increase in cash 

Cash
 and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Cash
 and cash equivalents , end of period 

Cash
 paid for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 
 - 
 - 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

34 

SPARTA
COMMERCIAL SERVICES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 APRIL
30, 2023 AND 2022 

We
provide specific, tailored action plans for our clients websites that include services such as eCommerce, CRM (Customer Relationship
Management) development, and integration. This custom software helps businesses communicate with customers and can also be used for employees
to communicate internally. The CRM software can be web-based, integrated with a mobile app, or both. We work with clients to understand
their unique needs and incorporate the features and requirements that are most important to them and will facilitate their business growth
and success. Correspondingly, the Company designs and builds custom kitchen ordering software for independent grocery stores, delicatessens,
and other food service businesses. The software can be designed in various ways, including mobile devices and in-store ordering. The
kitchen ordering software is enabled with payment integration, text messaging notification, wireless printing, and other features. iMobile
Solutions, Inc. provides a turn-key solution for businesses looking to simplify or streamline their kitchen ordering process. Additionally,
we offer text messaging services, which supplement business marketing strategies to gain and retain brand loyalty among its clients,
customers, and investors. Our text messaging platform allows clients to manage, schedule, and analyze text message performance quickly. 

Sparta s
response to the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic in early 2020 quickly took shape with thorough investigations into evolving customer trends
in health and wellness. As a result, we expanded New World Health Brands and developed a new product line of natural dietary supplements.
In August 2020, we launched an online B to C website: www.newworldhealthbrands.com , featuring high-quality nutritional supplements,
including vitamins and minerals, such as, Iodine for children and adults, Boron, copper/Zinc/Selenium, , Magnesium, Spermidine, Vitamin
B Complex, Vitamin C and PQQ, with more products to come. All health and wellness offerings are exclusively sourced and manufactured
in the United States and adhere to strict U.S. standards and guidelines to ensure the safety and quality of our products. Sparta s
commitment to high standards and transparency is tantamount to being a trusted brand. 

Sparta s
subsidiary, Sparta Crypto, Inc., www.SpartaCrypto.com, was established in September 2020, and is in the process of completing a proprietary
state-of-the-art platform designed to connect users of widely adopted digital currencies with sellers of various goods and services.
The platform is scheduled to launch in 2023 and the Company can make no assurances that the described plan will reach implementation.
In addition, the Company has completed and tested a cryptocurrency payment gateway called SpartaPayIQ, www.SpartaPayIQ.com , which
is functional and was formally announced on March 3, 2022. 

Agoge
Global USA, Inc. was formed as a subsidiary of Sparta Crypto, Inc. in December 2022 and entered into a Joint Venture Agreement with
WeDev Group to facilitate cross-border transactions between importers and exporters of goods from the U.S. and Brazil. In addition, Agoge
Global USA provides business intermediary services to global importers and exporters of goods and services. These services provided through
our joint venture agreement with WeDev include, but are not limited to, industry introductions, tax and regulatory compliance assistance,
import and export documentation assistance, reselling services in other jurisdictions, and facilitation of cross-border transactions. 

New World Health Brands 

Revenues 

Furniture
 and fixtures 

Website
 costs 

Computer
 Equipment 

million potential shares (including shares to be issued included on the balance sheet) and 152
potential shares (including shares to be issued included on the balance sheet), respectively, were excluded from the shares
used to calculate diluted earnings per share as their inclusion would reduce net loss per share. 

In
February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02 (Topic 842) Leases . Topic 842 supersedes
the lease requirements in Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 840, Leases . Under Topic 842, lessees are
required to recognize assets and liabilities on the balance sheet for most leases and provide enhanced disclosures. Leases will continue
to be classified as either finance or operating. The Company adopted Topic 842 effective May 1, 2019 using a modified retrospective method
and elected not to recognize leases with terms of 12 months or less. Adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the
Company s consolidated financial statements. 

A
variety of proposed or otherwise potential accounting standards are currently under study by standard setting organizations and various
regulatory agencies. Due to the tentative and preliminary nature of those proposed standards, we have yet to determine whether implementation
of such proposed standards would be material to our consolidated financial statements. 

and a working capital deficit (total current liabilities exceeded total current assets) of .
The Company s cash balance and revenues generated are not currently sufficient and cannot be projected to cover its operating expenses
for the next twelve months from the filing date of this report. These factors among others raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern for a period of one year from the issuance of these financial statements. 

The
Company s existence is dependent upon management s ability to develop profitable operations. Management is devoting substantially
all its efforts to developing its business and raising capital and there can be no assurance that the Company s efforts will
be successful. No assurance can be given that management s actions will result in profitable operations or the resolution of its
liquidity problems. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result should the Company
be unable to continue as a going concern. 

To improve the Company s liquidity, the Company s management is actively pursuing additional equity financing through
discussions with investment bankers, private equity groups, and private investors. There can be no assurance that the Company will be
successful in its effort to secure additional equity financing. 

- per year and are summarized
as follows: 

 SCHEDULE OF NOTES PAYABLE 

Notes Payable 
 April 30, 2023 
 April 30, 2022 
 
 Notes convertible at holder s option 

Notes convertible at Company s option 

Non-convertible notes payable 

Subtotal 

Less debt discount 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 

Certain
of the notes payable contain variable conversion rates and the conversion features are classified as derivative liabilities. The conversion
prices are based on the market price of the Company s common stock, at discounts of to to market value. 

Amortization
of debt discount for the years ended April 30, 2023, and 2022 was and , respectively. 

The
Company s derivative financial instruments consist of embedded derivatives related to the outstanding short term Convertible Notes
Payable. These embedded derivatives include certain conversion features indexed to the Company s common stock. The accounting treatment
of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company record the derivatives and related items at their fair values as of the
inception date of the Convertible Notes Payable and at fair value as of each subsequent balance sheet date. In addition, under the provisions
of Accounting Standards Codification subtopic 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging; Contracts in Entity s Own Equity ASC
815-40 ), as a result of entering into the Convertible Notes Payable, the Company is required to classify all other non-employee
stock options and warrants as derivative liabilities and mark them to market at each reporting date. Any change in fair value inclusive
of modifications of terms will be recorded as non-operating, non-cash income or expense at each reporting date. If the fair value of
the derivatives is higher at the subsequent balance sheet date, the Company will record a non-operating, non-cash charge. If the fair
value of the derivatives is lower at the subsequent balance sheet date, the Company will record non-operating, non-cash income. 

to 
 
 Expected stock price volatility 

Expected dividend payout 

Expected options life in years 
 Ranging from 
 year to years 

Derivative liability reclassified to additional paid in capital 

Derivative financial liability arising on the conversion of notes and warrants 
 
 - 
 
 Fair value adjustments 

Balance, end of year 

and 
 respectively. 

shares of common stock, par value. 

On
December 30, 2020, Sparta Commercial Services, Inc. (the Company filed with the Secretary of State of the state of Nevada,
a Certificate of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation (the Amendment ), attached herewith as Exhibit 3.1, and incorporated
by reference. The Amendment will be effective as of December 30, 2020. On July 9, 2020, the Board of Directors of the Company declared
July 30, 2020 as the effective date for the (the Reverse Stock Split ), previously approved
by the stockholders of the Company by written consent in accordance with the information contained in the Schedule 14C Information Statement
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 9, 2020. FINRA reviewed and authorized the corporate action changing the effective
date to December 30, 2020 (the Effective Date ). 

As
a result of the Reverse Stock Split, every one hundred shares of outstanding common stock will automatically be converted into one shares
of the Company s common stock immediately prior to the opening of trading on the next business day after the Effective Date. If,
as a result of the reverse split, a stockholder is left with a fractional share, that stockholder shall receive one full share in lieu
of such fractional share. Immediately after the effectiveness of the reverse split, there will be shares of the Company s
common stock issued and outstanding. The aggregate number of shares of common stock that the Company is authorized to issue remains the
same and was unaffected by the Reverse Stock Split. All outstanding stock options and other contractual rights including the preferred
stock entitling the holders of such rights to acquire shares of common stock outstanding at the Effective Date will be appropriately
adjusted to give effect to the Reverse Stock Split. 

The
Company had 
and 
shares (post-split) of common stock issued and outstanding as of April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company had and 
and shares of common classified as to be issued at April 30, 2023 and April 30, 2022, respectively. 

During
the year ended April 30, 2023 the Company: 

Converted
 preferred shares C to shares of common stocks 

Converted
 preferred D shares to shares of common stocks. 

Issued 
 shares of common stocks with unissued remaining of for cash of 

Issued 
 shares of common stocks for consulting services valued at 

Issued
 shares of common stock for settlement of notes payable valued at 

Issued 
 shares of common stocks as an incentive to noteholders valued at 

During
the year ended April 30, 2022 the Company: 

Sold
 shares valued at issued for cash. 

Issued
 shares to accredited investors for cash 

Issued
 shares upon the conversion of shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock. 

Issued
 shares upon the conversion of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock shares. 

Issued
 shares valued at to accredited investors related to promissory notes. 

Issued
 shares valued at to accredited investors upon conversion of promissory notes 

Issued
 shares for consulting services valued at 

Preferred
Stock 

The
Company is authorized to issue shares
of preferred stock with par
value per share, of which shares
have been designated as Series A convertible preferred stock with a stated
value per share; shares
have been designated as Series B Preferred Stock with a per
share liquidation value; shares
have been designated as Series C Preferred Stock with a per
share liquidation value, and shares
have been designated as Series D Preferred Stock with a per
share liquidation value. 

Series B 
 - 
 - 
 
 Series C 

Series D 

Preferred Stock 

- 
 - 

Fair
values of financial liabilities as of April 30, 2022 are as follows: 

Fair Value at 
 Fair Value Measurement Using 

April 30, 2022 
 Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 
 Derivative liabilities 
 
 - 
 - 

The
following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for these items: 

Derivative
liabilities these instruments consist of certain variable conversion features related to notes payable obligations and certain
outstanding warrants. These instruments were valued using pricing models which incorporate the Company s stock price, volatility,
U.S. risk free rate, dividend rate and estimated life. 

The
Company did not identify any other non-recurring assets and liabilities that are required to be presented in the balance sheets at fair
value in accordance with ASC Topic 825 The Fair Value Option for Financial Issuances . 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Net property and equipment 
 - 
 - 

All
equipment are fully depreciated as of the fiscal year end April 30, 2023 and 2022. No additional investment in equipment for both fiscal
year. 

stock options were vested. The computed fair value
was . 

that may be used to offset future taxable income and expiring through the tax year , subject to certain limitation pursuant to Internal
Revenue Code Section 382. The Company has provided a valuation reserve against the full amount of the net operating loss benefit, since
in the opinion of management based upon the earnings history of the Company; it is more likely than not that, the benefits will not be
realized. 

State income taxes, net of federal benefit 

Permanent differences 

Change in valuation allowance 

Provision for income taxes 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 
 - 
 - 

, and continues a month-to-month basis thereafter. The monthly base rent is . 

Rent
expense was and for the years ended April 30, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 

Employment
and Consulting Agreements 

The
Company does not have employment agreements with any of its non-executive employees. 

The
Company has consulting agreements with outside contractors to provide marketing and financial advisory services. The agreements are generally
for 12 months from inception and renewable automatically from year to year unless the Company or consultant terminates such engagement
by written notice. 

The
Company entered into five-year employment agreements with its CEO, Anthony L Havens and Vice President of Operations, Sandra L Ahman.
As part of their employment agreements, Mr. Havens received options to purchase shares of the Company s common
stock at per share. The options vest in three equal tranches over . Ms. Ahman received five year options to purchase
 shares of the Company s common stock at per share. The options vest in three equal tranches over three years. 

Litigation 

The
Company is subject to legal proceedings and claims arising in its business s ordinary course. Sparta can make no representations
about the potential outcome of such proceedings. 

As
of April 30, 2023, we have not been named as parties to any further legal proceedings. The two litigations disclosed prior are updated
below. From time to time, of course, we may become involved in further legal proceedings, which sometimes arise due to the very nature
of and in the ordinary course of this business. 

By
way of background, the Company had received notices dated April 1, 2016 and May 13, 2016, from a lender claiming defaults relating to
conversion requests totaling in principal, plus interest, attorney fees and also seeking stock conversions aside from the stated
principal and interest concerning the notes in the total amount of , which the Company had declined to process and believes
it has valid, meritorious defenses in that regard. Company believes these claims are contingent and unliquidated and disputed same. While
there can be no absolute assurances that the Company will prevail in the litigation concerning allegations brought against the Company,
these potential liabilities have been recorded in the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Concerning
the above, on September 22, 2016, a motion for summary judgment in lieu of complaint was filed in the Supreme Court in the State of New
York: County of Kings against the Company by a lender for the amount of 
 in principal and stock conversion
interest, plus fees and costs. Plaintiff s motion for summary judgment in lieu of complaint was denied on May 5, 2017. Thereafter,
on August 22, 2018, Plaintiff brought a second motion seeking summary judgment on the liability issue, which again was denied by the
Court on March 14, 2019. The most recent appearance in this matter had been scheduled for March 13, 2020, at which time the Court marked
the case adjourned without a date due to the restrictions imposed on the Courts arising from the COVID-19 pandemic. To
date, no further Court appearances have been scheduled in this matter. However, most notably, a favorable decision from the New York
State Court of Appeals regarding the same types of transactions has since determined such notes to be criminally usurious and, therefore,
unenforceable. Since identical affirmative defenses were raised on behalf of the Company, the pending action is expected to be discontinued
by plaintiff, with prejudice. Counsel for the parties have been working on a stipulation of discontinuance to that effect. 

On
October 26, 2018, a second lender commenced an action in the Supreme Court of the State of New York: New York County alleging damages
from unpaid principal arising from a promissory note dated February 26, 2015, in the amount of plus damages including interest
and stock conversions, costs and fees. The Company disputed the enforceability of such claims for similar reasons, as stated above, based
on the Court of Appeals ruling regarding the unenforceable nature of such claims demanding usurious interest rates. On November 9, 2022
the court rendered a decision on the cross motions for summary judgment in favor of the Company granting full dismissal of all causes
of action and awarded costs in favor of the Company. The time within which for plaintiff to appeal the decision has since expired. As
such, the claim has been fully resolved. 

46 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Engagement
of New Certifying Accountant 

On
December 5, 2022 Victor Mokuolu, CPA (VMCPA) was engaged as the Registrant s independent auditors, commencing with the financials
for the quarter October 31, 2022. 

During
the two most recent fiscal years and the interim period preceding the engagement of VMCPA, Registrant had not consulted with VMCPA regarding
either: 

i. 
 the
 application of accounting principles to a specified transaction, either completed or proposed; or the type of audit opinion that
 might be rendered on Registrant s financial statements, and either a written report or oral advice was provided to the Company
 by VMCPA that VMCPA concluded was an important factor considered by the Registrant in reaching a decision as to the accounting, auditing,
 or financial reporting issue; or 

ii. 
 any
 matter that was either the subject of a disagreement or event identified in response to paragraph (a) (1) (iv) of Item 304, as those
 terms are used in Item 304 (a) (1) (iv) of Regulations S-B and S-K and the related instructions to Item 304 of Regulations S-B and
 S-K. 

ITEM
9.01 - FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS 

(a)
Financial Statements of Business Acquired. N/A 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act that are designed to ensure
that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management,
including our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
as of April 30, 2022. Based on the evaluation of these disclosure controls and procedures, and considering the material weaknesses found
in our internal controls, the Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective. 

Management
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
of the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer,
we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of April 30, 2023, using the criteria
established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(COSO). 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a
reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on
a timely basis. A significant deficiency is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting
that is less severe than a material weakness, yet important enough to merit attention by those responsible for oversight of the company s
financial reporting. In our assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of April 30, 2023, we determined
that control deficiencies existed that constituted material weaknesses, as described below: 

lack
 of documented policies and procedures; 

we
 have no audit committee; 

there
 is a risk of management override given that our officers have a high degree of involvement in our day-to-day operations; 

there
 is no effective separation of duties, which includes monitoring controls, between the members of management. 

47 

Due
to our size and nature, segregation of all conflicting duties may not always be possible and may not be economically feasible. As a result,
we have not been able to take steps to improve our internal controls over financial reporting during the year ended April 30, 2023. However,
to the extent possible, we will implement procedures to assure that the initiation of transactions, the custody of assets and the recording
of transactions will be performed by separate individuals. Management is currently evaluating what steps can be taken in order to address
these material weaknesses. 

Accordingly,
we concluded that these control deficiencies resulted in a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim
financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by our internal controls. 

As
a result of the material weaknesses described above, management has concluded that we did not maintain effective internal control over
financial reporting as of April 30, 2023 based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 

In
light of these significant deficiencies, we performed additional analyses and procedures in order to conclude that our consolidated financial
statements for the year ended April 30, 2023 included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K were fairly stated in accordance with U.S. GAAP.
Accordingly, management believes that despite our significant deficiency, our consolidated financial statements for the year ended April
30, 2023 are fairly stated, in all material respects, in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting
firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit a smaller reporting company to provide only management s
report in its annual report. 

Changes
in Internal Controls 

During
the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

Not
applicable. 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATION GOVERNANCE 

Our
Management 

The
following table sets forth our executive officers and directors and their respective ages and positions as of April 30, 2023. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Anthony
 L. Havens 
 
 69 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, President, Principal Financial Officer and Chairman 
 
 Kristian
 Srb 
 
 68 
 
 Director 
 
 Jeffrey
 Bean 
 
 70 
 
 Director 
 
 Sandra
 L. Ahman 
 
 59 
 
 Vice
 President, Secretary and Director 

48 

Management
Profiles 

Anthony
L. Havens, Founder, Chief Executive Officer, President, and Chairman. On February 27, 2004, Mr. Havens became our Chief Executive
Officer, President and Chairman of the Board. Mr. Havens served as acting Chief Financial Officer from July 2005 to September 2006. Mr.
Havens resumed serving as acting Chief Financial Officer on January 31, 2016, upon the retirement of the Chief Financial Officer. He
is involved in all aspects of Sparta s operations, including providing strategic direction, and developing sales and marketing
strategies. From 1994 to 2004, Mr. Havens was Chief Executive Officer and a director of American Motorcycle Leasing Corp. He co-founded
American Motorcycle Leasing Corp. in 1994, and developed its operating platform and leasing program to include a portfolio, which includes
both prime and sub-prime customers. Mr. Havens has over 20 years of experience in finance and investment banking. 

Kristian
Srb, Director. Mr. Srb joined our Board of Directors in December 2004. Mr. Srb has been a director of American Motorcycle Leasing
Corp. from 1994 to the present. Mr. Srb was President of American Motorcycle Leasing Corp. from 1994 to 1999. Since 1999, Mr. Srb has
engaged in private investment activities. He has over 16 years experience in international brand development and management, including
for 13 years with Escada A.G. 

Jeffrey
Bean, Director. Mr. Bean joined our Board of Directors in December 2004. Mr. Bean is the founder and President of Bean Foods, LLC.
Formed in July 2006 the company develops, owns and operates quick serve restaurants in Georgia. Prior to founding Bean Foods, Mr. Bean
was the founding partner for GoMotorcycle.com, a business that engaged in the sale of motorcycle parts and accessories over the Internet.
Mr. Bean was an institutional broker and trader at a major commodities trading firm from 1985 to 1997. From 1977 to 1985, Mr. Bean was
President of Thomaston Press, Ltd., a printing concern. He received a B.A. degree from the University of Virginia. 

Sandra
L. Ahman, Vice President, Secretary and Director. On March 1, 2004, Sandra Ahman became Vice President of Operations and Secretary
of Sparta, and a Director on June 1, 2004. She served as a Vice President of our predecessor entity, Sparta Commercial Services, LLC
since its inception in 2001 until its dissolution in February 2006. From 1994 to 2004, she was Vice President of Operations of American
Motorcycle Leasing Corp. Prior to joining American Motorcycle Leasing Corp., Ms. Ahman was with Chatham Capital Partners, Ltd. Before
joining Chatham in 1993, she was Manager, Human Resources for Comart and Aniforms, a sales promotion and marketing agency in New York,
where she worked from 1986 to 1993. For the past 15 years, Ms. Ahman has been a volunteer with The Children s Aid Society in New
York City, a membership of 500 committed volunteers, serving from 2000 to 2002 as President of its Associates Council, from 2002 to 2005
as Chairman of the Associates Council, and from 2002 to 2012 as a member of the Advisory Council of their Board of Trustees. 

Board
of Directors Information and Corporate Governance 

There
are no family relationships among our executive officers or directors. None of our directors or officers serves or has served during
the past five years as a director of another reporting company or a registered investment company. Based solely in reliance on representations
made by our officers and directors, during the past ten years, none of the following occurred with respect to such persons: no petition
under the Federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law was filed by or against, or a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer
was appointed by a court for the business or property of such persons, or any partnership in which he or she was a general partner or
any corporation or business association of which he or she was an executive officer at or within two years before the time of such filing;
no such persons were convicted in a criminal proceeding or are a named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations
and other minor offenses); no such persons were the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or
vacated, of any court of any competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, or of any federal or state authority barring,
suspending or otherwise limiting, their involvement in any type of business practice, or in securities or banking or other financial
institution activities; and no such persons were found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Securities and
Exchange Commission or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any federal or state securities or commodities law,
and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated. 

49 

The
number of directors shall be between two (2) and ten (10). The number of directors shall be set by the then current members of the Board
of Directors. The size of the Board of Directors is four (4). A director need not be a stockholder. In the case of a vacancy as a result
in an increase in the number of directors, the Board of Directors shall fill such vacancy at a special meeting thereof. In seeking candidates
for directors, our Board may use their business, professional and personal contacts; accept the recommendations from other Board members,
stockholders or management. Current members of the Board are considered for re-election. The process for evaluating candidates and the
manner of evaluation is the same regardless of the category of person recommending the proposed candidate. The Board considers business
experience, mix of skills and other criteria and qualities appropriate for Board membership, including: intelligence, high personal and
professional ethics, values, integrity and sound judgment; education; business and professional skills and experience; familiarity with
our business and the industry in general; independence from management; ability to devote sufficient time to Board business; commitment
to regularly attend and participate in meetings of our Board and its committees; and concern for the long-term interests of the stockholders.
While such factors important in evaluating candidates, we do not impose any specific, minimum qualifications for director nominees. 

Our
Board of Directors does not currently maintain a separately designated standing audit, nominating, or compensation committee, or other
similar committee, of the Board of Directors, and we do not have audit, nominating, or compensation committee, or other similar charter.
Functions customarily performed by such committees are performed by our Board as a whole as our operations have been limited and we have
had a small number of officers and a small number of directors since inception. We are not required to maintain such committees under
the applicable rules of the OTC Bulletin Board. None of our directors qualifies as an audit committee financial expert. 
As all of our Board members are officers or nominees of a substantial stockholder who may not be deemed independent, we have not established
separate Board committees. 

The
Board of Directors has not adopted a specific process with respect to security holder communications, but security holders wishing to
communicate with the Board of Directors may do so by mailing such communications to the Board of Directors at our offices. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a code of ethics , as defined by the SEC, which applies to all our directors, officers and employees, including
our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, and persons performing similar
functions. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires Sparta s executive officers, directors, and persons who beneficially
own more than ten percent of Sparta s common stock to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports of beneficial
ownership and reports of changes in beneficial ownership of Sparta s common stock. Such persons are also required by Securities
and Exchange Commission regulations to furnish Sparta with copies of all such Section 16(a) forms filed by such person. Based solely
on a review of the copies of such reports furnished to Sparta in connection with the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022, Sparta is not
aware of any material delinquencies in the filing of such reports. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary
Compensation 

The
table below sets forth information concerning the compensation we paid to our Chief Executive Officer and our next two most highly compensated
executive officers who served during our fiscal year ended April 30, 2022 Named Executive Officers ). 

Stock 
 Option 
 All Other 

Salary 
 Bonus 
 Awards 
 Awards 
 Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 )(a) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 )(b) 
 ) 

Anthony L. Havens 
 2023 
 280,000 
 
 - 
 28,494 
 
 308,494 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 2022 
 280,000 
 
 - 
 28,494 
 
 308,494 

Sandra L. Ahman 
 2023 
 140,000 
 - 
 - 
 14,247 
 - 
 154,247 
 
 Vice President, Operations 
 2022 
 140,000 
 - 
 - 
 14,247 
 - 
 154,247 

(a) 
 For
 Mr. Havens includes accrued, unpaid net salary of 28,203 and 30,851 at year end 2023 and 2022, respectively. For Ms. Ahman, includes
 accrued, unpaid net salary of 91,829 and 83,395 at year end 2023 and 2022 respectively. 
 
 (b) 
 This
 column reports the total amount of perquisites and other benefits provided, if such total amount exceeds 10,000. 

50 

In
general, compensation payable to a Named Executive Officer consists of a base salary, a stock or stock option award, and may include
a cash bonus. During our 2023 fiscal year, we had in effect a written employment agreement with the Mr. Havens and Ms. Ahman. Our compensation
system has generally not been tied to performance-based conditions other than the passage of time. 

Employment
Agreements with CEO and Vice President Operations 

We
entered into an employment agreement, dated as of July 9, 2020, with Anthony L. Havens who serves as our Chief Executive Officer. The
agreement was for an initial term of five years, and provided for automatic extensions for one five-year period and for additional one-year
periods, unless written notice is given three months prior to the expiration of any such term that the term will not be extended. His
base salary is at an annual rate of 280,000. He is entitled to defer a portion of his base salary each year. He is entitled to annual
increases in his base salary and other compensation as may be determined by the Board of Directors. He is entitled to six weeks of paid
vacation per year, health insurance, short term and long-term disability insurance, retirement benefits, fringe benefits, and other employee
benefits on the same basis as is generally made available to other senior executives. He is entitled to reimbursement of reasonable business
expenses incurred by him in accordance with company policies. If terminated, he is entitled to three months of severance for up to six
months of service for each year of employment, plus full participation in all standard employee benefits during the period of severance
payments. The employment agreement provides for termination for cause. If he resigns for good reason or is terminated without cause within
twelve months after a change in control, he is entitled to receive an additional lump sum payment equal to the greater of the severance
payment or the balance of his base salary for the remaining employment term, continued coverage under any welfare benefits plans for
two years, and full vesting of any account balance under a 401(k) plan. For purposes of the employment agreement, a change in control
refers to: 

a
 change in voting power, due to a person becoming the beneficial owner of 50 or more of the voting power of our securities and our
 largest stockholder; 

during
 any period of two consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board of Directors, including
 later approved directors, ceasing to constitute a majority of the board; 

a
 merger or consolidation of our company with a third party, after which our stockholders do not own more than 50 of the voting power;
 or 

a
 sale of all or substantially all of our assets to a third party. 

If
we elect not to renew the employment agreement, he shall be entitled to receive severance equal to thirty months of his base salary plus
standard employment benefits. If we fail to fully perform all or any portion of our post-termination obligations, we are be obligated
to pay to him an amount equal to five times the value of the unperformed obligation. 

51 

We
entered into an employment agreement, dated as of July 9, 2020, with Sandra L. Ahman who serves as our Vice President of Operations.
The agreement was for an initial term of five years, and provided for automatic extensions for one five-year period and for additional
one-year periods, unless written notice is given three months prior to the expiration of any such term that the term will not be extended.
Her base salary is at an annual rate of 140,000. She is entitled to defer a portion of her base salary each year. She is entitled to
annual increases in her base salary and other compensation as may be determined by the Board of Directors. She is entitled to six weeks
of paid vacation per year, health insurance, short term and long-term disability insurance, retirement benefits, fringe benefits, and
other employee benefits on the same basis as is generally made available to other senior executives. She is entitled to reimbursement
of reasonable business expenses incurred by her in accordance with company policies. If terminated, she is entitled to three months of
severance for up to six months of service for each year of employment, plus full participation in all standard employee benefits during
the period of severance payments. The employment agreement provides for termination for cause. If she resigns for good reason or is terminated
without cause within twelve months after a change in control, she is entitled to receive an additional lump sum payment equal to the
greater of the severance payment or the balance of her base salary for the remaining employment term, continued coverage under any welfare
benefits plans for two years, and full vesting of any account balance under a 401(k) plan. For purposes of the employment agreement,
a change in control refers to: 

a
 change in voting power, due to a person becoming the beneficial owner of 50 or more of the voting power of our securities and our
 largest stockholder; 

during
 any period of two consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board of Directors, including
 later approved directors, ceasing to constitute a majority of the board; 

a
 merger or consolidation of our company with a third party, after which our stockholders do not own more than 50 of the voting power;
 or 

a
 sale of all or substantially all of our assets to a third party. 

If
we elect not to renew the employment agreement, she shall be entitled to receive severance equal to thirty months of her base salary
plus standard employment benefits. If we fail to fully perform all or any portion of our post-termination obligations, we are be obligated
to pay to her an amount equal to five times the value of the unperformed obligation. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

The
following table sets forth information concerning outstanding equity awards held by the Name Executive Officers as of April 30, 2023. 

Option Awards 
 Stock Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number of securities underlying unexercised options (#) Exercisable 
 Number of securities underlying unexercised options (#) Un-exercisable 
 Option exercise price ) 
 Option expiration date 
 Number of shares or units of stock that have not vested (#) 
 Market value of shares or units of stock that have not vested ) 
 
 Anthony L. Havens 
 3,480,731 
 
 0.1530 
 4/31/2024 
 458,750 
 110,100 
 
 Sandra L. Ahman 
 2,824,072 
 
 0.1530 
 4/31/2024 
 367,352 
 88,164 

In
fiscal 2023, non-employee directors received no compensation. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

In
May 2009, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a 2009 Consultant Stock Plan covering 133,334 shares of the Company s
common stock for purposes of compensation of certain consultants. Effective June 12, 2013, the Plan was amended to increase the authorized
number of shares by 500,000 bringing the total number of authorized shares to 633,333. During the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022, no
shares were issued under the plan. 

52 

In
October 2014, the Company s Board of Directors approved the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan authorizing the issuance of
up to 3,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock or common stock purchase options. The purpose of the 2014 Equity Incentive
Plan (the 2014 Plan is to advance the interests of Sparta Commercial Services, Inc. (the Company and its
shareholders by enabling the Company and its Subsidiaries to attract and retain persons of ability to perform services for the Company
and its Subsidiaries by providing an incentive to such individuals through equity participation in the Company and by rewarding such
individuals who contribute to the achievement by the Company of its economic objectives. The shares underlying the 2014 Plan were registered
on Form S-8 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 3, 2014. During the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022, no shares of
common stock were issued under the 2014 Plan. 

Common
Stock 

The
table below sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of August 10, 2022 by: each of our directors;
each of our executive officers; all of our executive officers and directors as a group; and each person known by us to be the beneficial
owner of more than 5 of our common stock. 

Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting and investment power. Under SEC rules, a person is
deemed to be the beneficial owner of securities, which may be acquired by such person upon the exercise of options and warrants or the
conversion of convertible securities within 60 days from the date on which beneficial ownership is to be determined. Each beneficial
owner s percentage ownership is determined by dividing the number of shares beneficially owned by that person by the 17,501,298
outstanding shares as of August 10, 2022, increased to reflect the beneficially owned shares underlying options, warrants or other convertible
securities included in that person s holdings, but not those underlying shares held by any other person. 

Name (a) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage of Class Beneficially Owned 
 
 Anthony L. Havens (1) 
 3,004,579 
 14.654 
 
 Kristian Srb (2) 
 548,642 
 3.040 
 
 Jeffrey Bean (3) 
 545,680 
 3.024 
 
 Sandra L. Ahman (4) 
 2,456,799 
 12.310 
 
 All current directors and named officers as a group (4 in all) 
 6,555,700 
 27.260 

(a) 
 Unless
 indicated otherwise, the address for each person named in the table is c/o Sparta Commercial Services, Inc., 555 Fifth Avenue, 14 th Floor.
 New York, NY 10017. 

(1) 
 Excludes
 approximately 500 shares of common stock owned by Mr. Havens son held in an irrevocable trust account. Mr. Havens is not the
 trustee for his son s trust account, and does not have the sole or shared power to vote or direct the vote of such shares.
 Mr. Havens disclaims beneficial ownership of such shares held in his son s trust account. 

Includes
 (i) 250,838 vested stock options, all exercisable at 0.308 per share until July 9, 2025, (ii) 886,154 vested stock options, all
 exercisable at 0.275 per share until July 22, 2025, (iii) 166,667 vested stock options all exercisable at 0.08 per share until
 January 3, 2027 and (iv) 1,718,322 vested stock options all exercisable at 0.08 per share until January 3, 2027. 

(2) 
 Includes
 482,143 vested stock options, all exercisable at 0.308 per share until July 9, 2025 and 62,500 vested stock options, all exercisable
 at 0.08 per share until January 3, 2027. 

(3) 
 Includes
 482,143 vested stock options, all exercisable at 0.308 per share until July 9, 2025 and 62,500 vested stock options, all exercisable
 at 0.08 per share until January 3, 2027. 

(4) 
 Includes
 (i) 83,613 vested stock options, all exercisable at 0.308 per share until July 9, 2025, (ii) 727,273 vested stock options, all exercisable
 at 0.275 per share until July 22, 2025, (iii) 83,333 vested stock options, all exercisable at 0.08 per share until January 3, 2027
 and (iv) 1,562,500 vested stock options, all exercisable at 0.08 per share until January 3, 2027. 

53 

Changes
in Control 

Other
than outstanding convertible securities, we do not have any arrangements that may result in a change in control. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

There
were no transactions with our Directors during the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022. As of April 30, 2022, we owed Mr. Srb
 395,643 and Ms. Ahman 36,760. 

Director
Independence 

None
of our directors, other than Kristian Srb and Jeffrey Bean, is deemed an independent director. For purposes of determining independence,
we are applying the independence standards of the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit
Fees 

Fees
for audit services provided by Victor Mokoulu, , our principal independent registered public accounting firm, during the fiscal
years ended April 30, 2023. and April 30, 2022 the fees were 18,000. Audit fees consist of the aggregate fees billed for the audits
of our annual financial statements, the reviews of our quarterly financial statements, and services that are normally provided in
connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal years. 

Audit-Related
Fees 

There
were no audit related fees provided by our principal independent registered public accounting firm during the fiscal years ended April
30, 2023, and 2022. Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements outside of those fees disclosed above under the caption Audit Fees. 

Tax
Fees 

Fees
for tax services provided by our principal independent registered public accounting firm during the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023
and 2022 were 0 and 0, respectively. Tax fees consist of fees billed for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. 

Pre-Approval
Policies and Procedures 

Our
Board of Directors has a policy that requires pre-approval of all audits, audit-related, tax services, and other services, including
non-audit services, performed by our independent registered public accounting firm. All services performed by our principal independent
registered public accounting firm, and all fees paid, in our fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 were pre-approved. The Board
of Directors is responsible for matters typically performed by an audit committee. We do not presently have a separate audit committee
of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors considered whether, and determined that, the auditor s provision of audit and
non-audit services was compatible with maintaining the auditor s independence. 

54 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)
List of documents filed as a part of this report: 

(1)
 Index to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

Report
 of Registered Independent Certified Public Accounting Firm 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of April 30, 2023 and 2022 

Consolidated Statements of Losses for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 

Consolidated Statement of Deficit for the two years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(2)
 Index to Financial Statement Schedules 

Not
required. 

55 

(3)
Index to Exhibits 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Description
 of Exhibit 
 
 3(i)(1) 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of Tomahawk Oil and Minerals, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(i) (1) of Form 10-KSB filed on August 13, 2004) 
 
 3(i)(2) 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation, November 1983 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(i) (2) of Form 10-KSB filed on August 13, 2004) 
 
 3(i)(3) 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation for name change, August 2004 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(i) of Form 8-K filed on August 27, 2004) 
 
 3(i)(4) 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation for increase in authorized capital, September 2004 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(i) of Form 8-K filed on September 17, 2004) 
 
 3(i)(5) 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation for decrease in authorized capital, December 2004 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(i) of Form 8-K filed on December 23, 2004) 
 
 3(i)(6) 
 
 Certificate of Designation for Series A Redeemable Preferred Stock, December 2004 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(i) of Form 8-K filed on January 4, 2005) 
 
 3(i)(7) 
 
 Certificate of Designation for Series B Preferred Stock (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit B to Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 29, 2009 
 
 3(i)(8) 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation for increase in authorized capital, September 21, 2009 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(i)(8) of Form S-1 filed on October 2, 2009) 
 
 3(i)(9) 
 
 Certificate of Designations of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 5.03(i) of Form 8-K filed on November 19, 2009) 
 
 3(i)(10) 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Form 8-K filed on August 14, 2018) 
 
 3(ii)(1) 
 
 By-laws (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(ii) (1) of Form 10-KSB filed on August 13, 2004) 
 
 3(ii)(2) 
 
 By-laws Resolution (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(ii) (2) of Form 10-KSB filed on August 13, 2004) 
 
 3(ii)(3) 
 
 Board of Directors Resolutions amending By-laws (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(ii) of Form 10-QSB filed on December 15, 2004) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement with Jeffrey Bean (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Form 10-Q filed on July 9, 2020) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement with Kristian Srb (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Form 10-Q filed on July 9, 2020) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement with Anthony L. Havens (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of Form 10-Q filed on July 9, 2020) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement with Sandra L. Ahman (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of Form 10-Q filed on July 9, 2020) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement with Anthony L. Havens (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Form 8-K filed on July 27, 2020) 
 
 4.6 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement with Sandra L. Havens (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Form 8-K filed on July 27, 2020) 
 
 10.1+ 
 
 Form of Employment Agreement with Anthony L. Havens (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of Form 10-Q filed on July 9, 2020) 
 
 10.2+ 
 
 2005 Stock Incentive Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4 of Form 10-KSB filed on August 13, 2004) 
 
 10.3 
 
 2010 Consultant Stock Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of Form S-8 filed on May 12, 2009) 
 
 10.4+ 
 
 Form of Employment Agreement with Sandra L Ahman (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Form 10-Q filed on July, 9, 2020) 
 
 12 
 
 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 of Form 10-K filed on August 15, 2011) 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Victor Mokoulu, CPA 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and principal financial and accounting officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 

Incorporated by reference to the registration statement on Form S-8 filed by the registrant with the Commission on November 3, 2014 

 +
Represents executive compensation plan or agreement 

56 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SPARTA
 COMMERCIAL SERVICES, INC. 

By:
 
 /s/
 Anthony L. Havens 

Anthony
 L. Havens 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Date:
 August 17, 2023 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

By:
 
 /s/
 Anthony L. Havens 

Anthony
 L. Havens 

Chief
 Executive Officer, President, Interim Principal Financial Officer 

and
 Chairman of the Board 

Date:
 August 17, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Sandra L. Ahman 

Sandra
 L. Ahman 

Vice
 President and Director 

Date:
 August 17, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Kristian Srb 

Kristian
 Srb 

Director 

Date:
 August 17, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Jeffrey Bean 

Jeffrey
 Bean 

Director 

Date:
 August 17, 2023 

57 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex21-1.htm

EXHIBIT
21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES
OF REGISTRANT 

The
following is a list of subsidiaries of the company as of April 30, 2023 

Name 
 
 Where
 Incorporated 

iMobile
 Solutions, Inc. 
 
 Nevada 
 
 New
 World Health Brands, Inc. 
 
 Nevada 
 
 Sparta
 Crypto, Inc. 
 
 Nevada 
 
 Agoge
 Global USA, Inc. 
 
 Nevada 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex23-1.htm

EXHIBIT
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File No. 333-189264) and (File No. 333-199822)
of our report, which includes an explanatory paragraph regarding the substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern, dated August 13, 2020 included in Sparta Commercial Services, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the years
ended April 30, 2023, and April 30, 2022. 

Victor
Mokoulu, CPA 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Anthony L. Havens, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023, and April 30, 2022 of Sparta Commercial Services, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
As the registrant s sole certifying officer, I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
As the registrant s sole certifying officer, I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 August 17, 2023 

/s/
 Anthony L. Havens 

Anthony
 L. Havens, 

Chief
 Executive Officer, principal executive officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Anthony L. Havens, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023, and April 30, 2022 of Sparta Commercial Services, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
As the registrant s sole certifying officer, I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
As the registrant s sole certifying officer, I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 August 17, 2023 

/s/
 Anthony L. Havens 

Anthony
 L. Havens 

Principal
 financial and accounting officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Sparta Commercial Services, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal years ended
April 30, 2023, and April 30, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date therein specified (the Report ), I, Anthony
L. Havens, Chief Executive Officer and principal financial and accounting officer of the Company, do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial conditions and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
August 17, 2023 

/s/
 Anthony L. Havens 

Anthony
 L. Havens, Chief Executive Officer, 
 principal
 executive officer, principal financial and accounting officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 srco-20230430.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 srco-20230430_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 srco-20230430_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 srco-20230430_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

