<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230926_10-K_edgar_data_1067294_0001140361-23-045201.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9271061</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>322689</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1547670</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2914618</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2319213</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1815327</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-23-045201.hdr.sgml : 20230926
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230926123517
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-23-045201
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230728
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230926
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230926

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CRACKER BARREL OLD COUNTRY STORE, INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001067294
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING PLACES [5812]
		IRS NUMBER:				620812904
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0728

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-25225
		FILM NUMBER:		231279425

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 787
		CITY:			LEBANON
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			370880787
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6154439217

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 787
		CITY:			LEBANON
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37087

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CBRL GROUP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980730

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-23-045201.txt : 20230926

10-K
 1
 brhc20058683_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 

(Mark One)

Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

For the fiscal year ended 

OR

Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

For the transition period from__________to__________

Commission file number: 

.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)

, 

 (Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip code)

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered 

Rights to Purchase Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock (Par Value 0.01)

(Nasdaq Global Select Market)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
 Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of
 the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be
 submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
 filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition
 period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management assessment of the effectiveness of
 internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the
 registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based
 compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b) . Yes 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of January 27, 2023 (the last
 business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was .

As of September 13, 2023, there were shares of common stock outstanding.

Documents Incorporated by Reference 

Document from which Portions

 are Incorporated by Reference 

Part of Form 10-K

 into which incorporated 

1.

Proxy Statement for Annual Meeting of

Part III

Shareholders to be held November 16, 2023

(the 2023 Proxy Statement 

PAGE 

PART I

INTRODUCTION 

4

ITEM 1.

BUSINESS 

5

ITEM 1A.

RISK FACTORS 

13

ITEM 1B.

UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

27

ITEM 2.

PROPERTIES 

27

ITEM 3.

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

28

ITEM 4.

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

28

INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 

29

PART II

ITEM 5.

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

30

ITEM 6.

RESERVED 

30

ITEM 7.

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

31

ITEM 7A.

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

45 

ITEM 8.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

47 

ITEM 9.

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

74 

ITEM 9A.

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

74 

ITEM 9B.

OTHER INFORMATION 

76 

ITEM 9C.

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

76 

PART III

ITEM 10.

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

76 

ITEM 11.

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

77 

ITEM 12.

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

77 

ITEM 13.

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

77 

ITEM 14.

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

77 

PART IV

ITEM 15.

EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

77 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

77 

SIGNATURES 

81 

3 

Table of Contents 

INTRODUCTION

General

This report contains references to years 2023, 2022 and 2021, which represent our fiscal years ended July 28, 2023, July 29, 2022 and July 30, 2021, respectively. All of the discussion in this
 report should be read with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the Consolidated Financial Statements and the notes thereto. All amounts other than share and certain statistical information (e.g., number of units) are in thousands unless the
 context clearly indicates otherwise. Similarly, references to a year or quarter are to our fiscal year or quarter unless expressly noted or the context clearly indicates otherwise.

Forward-Looking Statements/Risk Factors

Except for specific historical information, many of the matters discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as other documents incorporated herein by reference, may express or imply
 projections of items such as revenues or expenditures, estimated capital expenditures, compliance with debt covenants, plans and objectives for future operations, store economics, inventory shrinkage, growth or initiatives, expected future economic
 performance or the expected outcome or impact of pending or threatened litigation. These and similar statements regarding events or results that Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. (the Company expects will or may occur in the future are
 forward-looking statements that, by their nature, involve risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual results and performance to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. All
 forward-looking information is provided pursuant to the safe harbor established under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and should be evaluated in the context of these risks, uncertainties and other factors. Forward-looking
 statements generally can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as trends, assumptions, target, guidance, outlook, opportunity, future, plans, goals, objectives, expectations, near-term, long-term, 
 projection, may, will, would, could, expect, intend, estimate, anticipate, believe, potential, regular, should, projects, forecasts or continue (or the negative or other derivatives of each of these terms) or similar
 terminology. We believe the assumptions underlying any forward-looking statements are reasonable; however, any of the assumptions could be inaccurate, and therefore, actual results may differ materially from those projected in or implied by the
 forward-looking statements. In addition to the risks of ordinary business operations, and those discussed or described in this report or in information incorporated by reference into this report, factors and risks that may result in actual results
 differing from this forward-looking information include, but are not limited to risks and uncertainties associated with inflationary conditions with respect to the price of commodities, transportation, distribution and labor; disruptions to our
 restaurant or retail supply chain; the COVID-19 pandemic, including the duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and its ultimate impact on our business; our ability to identify, acquire and sell successful new lines of retail merchandise and new menu items
 at our restaurants; our ability to sustain or the effects of plans intended to improve operational or marketing execution and performance; the effects of increased competition at our locations on sales and on labor recruiting, cost, and retention;
 consumer behavior based on negative publicity or changes in consumer health or dietary trends or safety aspects of our food or products or those of the restaurant industry in general, including concerns about outbreaks of infectious disease, as well
 as the possible effects of such events on the price or availability of ingredients used in our restaurants; the effects of our indebtedness and associated restrictions on our financial and operating flexibility and ability to execute or pursue our
 operating plans and objectives; changes in interest rates, increases in borrowed capital or capital market conditions affecting our financing costs and ability to refinance our indebtedness, in whole or in part; our reliance on limited distribution
 facilities and certain significant vendors; information technology-related incidents, including data privacy and information security breaches, whether as a result of infrastructure failures, employee or vendor errors, or actions of third parties;
 changes in or implementation of additional governmental or regulatory rules, regulations and interpretations affecting tax, wage and hour matters, health and safety, animal welfare, pensions, insurance or other undeterminable areas; the effects of
 plans intended to promote or protect our brands and products; the actual results of pending, future or threatened litigation or governmental investigations and the costs and effects of negative publicity or our ability to manage the impact of social
 media associated with these activities; the impact of activist shareholders; our ability to enter successfully into new geographic markets that may be less familiar to us; changes in land, building materials and construction costs; the availability
 and cost of suitable sites for restaurant development and our ability to identify those sites; our ability to retain key personnel; the ability of and cost to us to recruit, train, and retain qualified hourly and management employees; uncertain
 performance of acquired businesses, strategic investments and other initiatives that we may pursue from time to time; the effects of business trends on the outlook for individual restaurant locations and the effect on the carrying value of those
 locations; general or regional economic weakness, business and societal conditions and the weather impact on sales and customer travel; discretionary income or personal expenditure activity of our customers; economic or psychological effects of
 natural disasters or other unforeseen events such as terrorist acts, social unrest or war and the military or government responses to such events; changes in foreign exchange rates affecting our future retail inventory purchases; workers 
 compensation, group health and utility price changes; implementation of new or changes in interpretation of existing accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ), and those factors contained in Part I, Item 1A of
 this report below, as well as the factors described under Critical Accounting Estimates in Part II, Item 7 of this report below or, from time to time, in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), press releases and other
 communications.

4 

Table of Contents 

Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements made in this report, since the statements speak only as of this
 report s date . Except as may be required by law, we have no obligation or intention to publicly update or revise any of these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after
 the date of this report or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Readers are advised, however, to consult any future public disclosures that we may make on related subjects in reports that we file with or furnish to the SEC or in our
 other public disclosures. 

PART I

ITEM 1.

BUSINESS

OVERVIEW

Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. we, us, our or the Company, which reference, unless the context requires otherwise, also includes our direct and indirect wholly owned subsidiaries),
 is principally engaged in the operation and development of the Cracker Barrel Old Country Store concept Cracker Barrel ). We are headquartered in Lebanon, Tennessee and were originally founded in 1969. We are organized under the laws of the
 State of Tennessee.

We maintain a website at crackerbarrel.com. We make available free of charge through our website our periodic and other reports filed with or furnished to the SEC pursuant to the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Information on our website is not deemed to be incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form
 10-K or any other filings that we make from time to time with the SEC.

As of September 13, 2023, we operated 661 Cracker Barrel stores in 45 states and 59 Maple Street Biscuit Company stores in 10 states. The following description of our business should be read in
 conjunction with the information in Part II of this report under the caption Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Cracker Barrel Old Country Store Concept 

Our 661 Cracker Barrel stores are not franchised. Our stores are intended to appeal to both the traveler and the local customer, and we believe they have consistently been a consumer favorite. We
 pride ourselves on our consistent quality, value and friendly service.

Store Format : The format of our stores consists of a trademarked rustic old country-store design offering a full-service restaurant menu that features home-style country food and a wide
 variety of decorative and functional items such as rocking chairs, holiday and seasonal gifts, toys, apparel, cookware and foods. All stores are freestanding buildings and consist of approximately 20 of gift shop space with the remainder dedicated
 to our restaurant, training and storage space. Our stores have stone fireplaces and are decorated with antique style furnishings and other authentic and nostalgic items, reminiscent of and similar to those found and sold in the past in traditional
 old country stores. The front porch of each store features rows of the signature Cracker Barrel rocking chairs, which are a popular item sold by the gift shops and which we invite guests to use while waiting for a table in our dining room or after
 enjoying a meal.

Products : Our restaurants, which generated approximately 79 of our total revenue in 2023, offer home-style country cooking featuring many of our own recipes that emphasize authenticity and
 quality. Our restaurants serve breakfast, lunch and dinner daily and offer dine-in, pick-up and delivery services. Menu items are moderately priced. Beginning in 2020, certain of our Cracker Barrel restaurants began serving an assortment of beer
 and wine, and the subsequent ongoing expansion of this program throughout our system has resulted in beer and wine service in approximately 590 stores, or approximately 89 , of our Cracker Barrel restaurants as of the end of 2023.

5 

Table of Contents 

Breakfast items can be ordered at any time throughout the day and include juices, eggs, pancakes, meats, grits, and a variety of biscuit specialties, such as gravy and biscuits and country ham and
 biscuits. Lunch and dinner items include fried and grilled chicken, chicken and dumplings, chicken pot pie, meatloaf, country fried steak, pork chops, fish, country fried shrimp, steak, roast beef, ham, vegetable plates, sandwiches and a variety of
 salads. We also offer multi-serving takeout family meal baskets. Additionally, from time to time, we feature new items as off-menu specials or on test menus at certain locations to evaluate possible ways to enhance customer interest and identify
 potential future additions to the menu. We offer weekday lunch specials, which include some of our favorite entr es in lunch-sized portions. Our menu also features weekday and weekend dinner specials that showcase a popular dinner entr e. There is
 some variation in menu pricing and content in different regions of the country. The average check per guest during 2023 was 13.36, which represents a 10.3 increase over the prior year. We served an average of approximately 5,800 restaurant guests
 per week in a typical store in 2023.

The following table highlights the price ranges for our meals in 2023:

Price Range

Breakfast

6.99 to 17.49

Lunch and Dinner

5.19 to 19.49

The following table highlights each day-part s percentage of restaurant sales in 2023:

Percentage of

 Restaurant

 Sales in 2023

Breakfast Day-Part (until 11:00 a.m.)

25 

Lunch Day-Part (11:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m.)

40 

Dinner Day-Part (4:00 p.m. to close)

35 

We also offer for sale in our gift shops items that are featured on, or related to, the restaurant menu, such as pies, cornbread mix, coffee, syrups and pancake mixes. Our gift shops offer a wide
 variety of decorative and functional items such as rocking chairs, seasonal gifts, apparel, toys, cookware and various other gift items, as well as various candies, preserves and other food items.

The following table highlights the five categories that accounted for the largest shares of our retail sales in 2023:

Percentage of

 Retail Sales in

 2023

Apparel and Accessories

30 

Food

18 

D cor

14 

Toys

14 

Bed and Bath

7 

Our typical gift shop features approximately 4,100 stock keeping units. Certain food items are sold under the Cracker Barrel Old Country Store brand name. We believe that we achieve high retail
 sales per square foot of retail selling space (approximately 523 per square foot in 2023) as compared to traditional retail stores both by offering appealing merchandise and by having a significant source of customers who are typically our
 restaurant guests.

Product Development and Merchandising : We maintain a product development department, which develops new and improved menu items either in response to shifts in customer preferences or to
 create customer interest. We use a formal development and testing process, which includes guest research and in-store market tests to ensure products brought to market have a greater likelihood of meeting our goals. Menu-driven growth is built
 through three areas: enhancements to our current core menu offerings, the addition of new core menu offerings and limited time offer seasonal events or promotions.

Our merchandising department selects and develops products for our gift shop. We are focused on driving retail sales by converting those customers who come to us for a restaurant visit. Our
 assortment includes both core and seasonal themes. Our seasonal themes are designed to create interest and excitement in our stores by providing our guests with additional choices that vary throughout the year.

6 

Table of Contents 

Store Management : At each store, our store management typically consists of one general manager, four associate managers and one retail manager. The relative complexity of operating one of
 our stores requires an effective management team at the individual store level. To motivate managers to improve sales and operational performance, we maintain bonus plans designed to provide managers with incentives to meet and exceed the
 operational targets of their store. Each store is assigned to both a restaurant and a retail district manager who each report to a regional vice president.

Purchasing and Distribution : We negotiate directly with food vendors as to specification, price and other material terms of most food purchases. We have a contract with an unaffiliated
 distributor with custom distribution centers in Lebanon, Tennessee; McKinney, Texas; Gainesville, Florida; Elkton, Maryland; Kendallville, Indiana; Rock Hill, South Carolina; and Shafter, California. We purchase the majority of our food products and
 restaurant supplies on a cost plus basis through this unaffiliated distributor. The distributor is responsible for placing food orders, warehousing and delivering food products to our stores. Deliveries are generally made once per week to
 individual stores. Produce is purchased through a national program and is delivered two to three times a week through a network of approximately fifty independent produce suppliers. Fluid dairy is delivered two to three times a week through
 approximately fifty regional dairies, the majority of which are under the ownership of two separate unaffiliated companies. Beer and wine are purchased and distributed through approximately 565 distributors with deliveries ranging from weekly to
 monthly.

The following table highlights the five food categories which accounted for the largest shares of our food purchasing expense in 2023:

Percentage of

 Food Purchases

 in 2023

Poultry

14 

Fruits and vegetables

14 

Dairy (including eggs)

13 

Beef

11 

Pork

10 

Each of these categories includes several individual items. Chicken is the single food item within these categories that accounted for the largest share of our food purchasing expense in 2023 at
 approximately 5 of total food purchases. Dairy, fruits and vegetables are purchased through numerous vendors, including local vendors. Eggs are purchased through five vendors. We purchase our pork through six vendors, poultry through nine vendors
 and beef through seven vendors. Should any food items from a particular vendor become unavailable, we generally believe that these food items could readily be obtained, or alternative products substituted, in sufficient quantities from other sources
 at competitive prices to allow us to avoid any material adverse effects that could be caused by such unavailability.

We purchase the majority of our retail items (approximately 80 in 2023) directly from domestic and international vendors, and we warehouse, or crossdock, such items at our retail distribution center
 in Lebanon, Tennessee. The distribution center fulfills retail item orders generated by our automated replenishment system and generally ships the retail orders once a week to the individual stores by two third-party dedicated freight lines. 
 Certain retail items, not centrally purchased and warehoused at the distribution center, are drop-shipped directly by our vendors to individual stores.

Approximately one-third of our 2023 retail items were purchased directly from vendors in the People s Republic of China. We have relationships with several foreign buying agencies to source product,
 monitor quality control and supplement product development.

Information Technology : We believe that an essential part of pleasing people is established through our ability to leverage technology. We use technology to enhance the experiences of our
 guests and our employees, and to assist management in all aspects of operating the business. Examples include a digital experience that effectively enables our off-premise business, allows for mobile payments in store, and provides guests with a
 digital waitlist that can be accessed remotely through our own mobile application. Our store employees use a range of systems to manage inventory, labor, forecasting and orders for retail and restaurants. In our distribution center, we manage
 retail merchandise planning, purchasing, warehousing, and distribution using various retail management solutions. Our data solutions provide management with daily reports used to operate stores in a cost-effective manner. Our service desk leverages
 technology solutions that enable an efficient and effective way to resolve technology concerns. We believe our technology is highly effective in supporting Cracker Barrel s daily operations, and we continue to enhance this technology in line with
 our Company s strategic vision.

7 

Table of Contents 

We continue to make investments in our cybersecurity program to protect and fortify our brands. From protecting guest information to ensuring systems are reliably available and effective, data
 privacy and cybersecurity are organization-wide efforts that are incorporated into every technology and business decision at both our brands. Led by our Chief Information Officer and Senior Director of Security, cybersecurity is a top priority that
 is reviewed by our Audit Committee on a quarterly basis and the Board of Directors on an annual basis. Our program is designed to monitor, assess, and manage cyber-risk with a continuous improvement mindset.

Our cybersecurity program is aligned with the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework. Every year we have a third-party organization assess and measure the
 maturity of our program, which has shown annual improvement for the past three years. We also perform regular technical assessments, including annual penetration testing of our online systems and internal networks. Feedback from our maturity and
 technical assessments is incorporated into our systems and procedures through continual upgrades intended to further improve our security posture.

Off-Premise Business : Approximately 20 of our restaurant sales are generated through our off-premise channels. Our off-premise business consists of three channels. Individual To Go includes
 to go orders that guests pick up from our stores. Third-Party Delivery includes to go orders that are placed through an aggregator, i.e., Door Dash, Uber Eats, etc. and delivered to guests by an employee of the aggregator. Catering and Occasion
 includes offerings for large party sizes, which includes our popular Heat n Serve offerings that are available for certain holidays. In 2023, Individual To Go, Third-Party Delivery and Catering and Occasion accounted for approximately 40 , 34 and
 26 of total off-premise sales, respectively.

Guest Satisfaction : We are committed to providing our guests a home-style, country-cooked meal, and a variety of retail merchandise served and sold with genuine hospitality in a comfortable
 environment. Our commitment to offering guests a quality experience begins with our employees. Our mission statement, Pleasing People, embraces guests and employees alike, and our employees are trained on the importance of that mission in a
 culture of mutual respect. We also are committed to staffing each store with an experienced management team to ensure attentive guest service and consistent food quality. Through the regular use of guest surveys and store visits by district
 managers and operational vice presidents, management receives valuable feedback that is used in our ongoing efforts to improve the stores and to demonstrate our continuing commitment to pleasing our guests. We have a guest-relations call center that
 takes comments and suggestions from guests and forwards them to operations or other management for information and follow up. We use internet and interactive voice response systems to monitor operational performance and guest satisfaction at all
 stores on an ongoing basis. We have public notices in our menus, on our website and posted in our stores informing customers and employees about how to contact us by internet or toll-free telephone number with questions, complaints or concerns
 regarding services or products. We conduct training on how to gather information and investigate and resolve customer concerns. This is accompanied by comprehensive training for all store employees on our public accommodations policy and commitment
 to Pleasing People. 

Marketing : We employ multiple media to reach and engage our guests. Outdoor advertising (i.e., billboards and state department of transportation signs) is the largest advertising vehicle we
 use to reach our traveling and local guests. In 2023, we had over 1,400 billboards and this expenditure accounted for approximately one-third of our total advertising spend for the year. We continue to optimize our non-billboard advertising mix
 which includes television (increasingly digital), digital display and video, mobile, social media, and search marketing. Our digital marketing efforts have also expanded to focus on improving brand preference, guest engagement and sales. We have a
 presence on multiple social media sites and several food delivery apps, an e-commerce platform that integrates individual-to-go and catering shopping, and a customer relationship management (CRM) program that employs email, text messages, push
 notifications and personalization. Our event activations drive awareness for the brand and build cultural relevance and affinity with our guests.

8 

Table of Contents 

Store Development: We opened two new Cracker Barrel stores in 2023. Currently, we plan to open one to two new stores during the first quarter of 2024. As of September 13, 2023,
 approximately 83 of our stores are located along interstate highways. Our remaining stores are located off-interstate or near tourist destinations. Of the 661 stores open as of September 13, 2023, we own the land and buildings for 358, while the
 other 303 properties are either ground leases or ground and building leases. Building, site improvement, furniture, equipment and related development costs for stores opened during 2023 averaged approximately 5,500 and pre-opening costs averaged
 826 per store in 2023.

Our current store prototype is approximately 8,900 square feet, including approximately 1,900 square feet of retail selling space and dining room seating for approximately 170 guests. Our capital
 investment in new stores may differ in the future due to changes in our store prototype, building design specifications, site location and site characteristics.

Maple Street Biscuit Company 

We acquired 100 ownership of Maple Street Biscuit Company MSBC on October 10, 2019. MSBC is a breakfast and lunch fast casual concept. Like Cracker Barrel, MSBC values genuine hospitality and
 made-from-scratch cooking including biscuit-inspired entr es as well as freshly roasted coffee with a proprietary blend and a limited selection of beer and wine in certain locations. MSBC operates in a smaller footprint than our Cracker Barrel Old
 Country Store concept and has operating hours limited to the breakfast and lunch day parts. As of September 13, 2023, 59 MSBC locations were open, an increase from 53 at the same time last year all are currently leased properties in Alabama,
 Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Ohio, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas and Virginia. As of September 13, 2023, no locations were franchised.

MSBC will serve as a long-term growth vehicle that complements Cracker Barrel while providing increased exposure to urban and suburban markets. We anticipate accelerating unit growth in the coming
 years. Currently, we plan to open approximately four to five MSBC locations during the first quarter of 2024.

HUMAN CAPITAL

As of July 28, 2023, we employed approximately 77,000 people (as compared to approximately 73,000 people as of July 29, 2022), of whom approximately 350 were in advisory and supervisory capacities,
 approximately 3,300 were in-store management positions and 44 were officers. Many store personnel are employed on a part-time basis. Our employees are not represented by any union, and management considers its employee relations to be good. People
 are at the core of our business and an essential part of our Company.

Diversity, Equity Inclusion 

Since 1969, our corporate mission has been Pleasing People. As an organization, we have a responsibility to live up to our mission of Pleasing People each day, ensuring that every member of our team
 and every guest feels at home, feels cared for like family, and feels like they belong. Our teams work hard to create a culture of hospitality that s welcoming, respectful and inclusive to everyone who walks through our doors whether as an
 employee or as a guest. Also guiding our way is the sense of belonging we strive to deliver as part of our People Promise. This includes embracing openness for all people, ideas, and perspectives. Our food and d cor celebrate warm memories of the
 past, and we believe our inclusive culture and beliefs are vital to reinforcing these positive feelings in our employees and guests, and are thus critical to the strength of our brand and our corporate strategy. Our firmly held organization-wide
 policy is that discrimination, overt or through unconscious bias, has no place at Cracker Barrel Old Country Store.

As of July 28, 2023, more than 30 of our employee population is comprised of racial and ethnic minorities and approximately 68 of our employee population is female.

We provide opportunities for our employees to drive our Diversity, Equity Inclusion strategy by creating programs that raise awareness and allow for a more inclusive culture. Our Business
 Resource Groups allow employees to come together with common interests, perspectives, and experiences around topics such as race, ethnicity, gender identity, and other special interests. These employee-led organizations provide opportunities to
 network, to obtain and develop leadership skills, and to inform and influence on all aspects of the Cracker Barrel brand.

9 

Table of Contents 

Currently, there are seven Business Resource Groups in Cracker Barrel:

- 

AMPT Advancing Modern Professionals for Tomorrow ): Aims to connect and empower modern professionals by promoting a community of inclusive, ambitious, and diverse members that unify through Cracker Barrel to equip our community and
 leaders for the future;

- 

Be Bold: Cultivates and develops Black Leaders within the Cracker Barrel organization utilizing allyship, mentorship, and education to create a path to continued excellence as well as a vibrant and diverse community;

- 

B-WELL: Improving the employee experience by sponsoring health and wellness activities that nurture employees physical, emotional, financial and intellectual wellbeing;

- 

HOLA Hispanic Organization for Leadership and Advancement"): Promoting Hispanic and Latino culture through hiring, developing and retaining talent within Cracker Barrel;

- 

LGBTQ+ Alliance: Promoting LGBTQ+ Awareness and Building Workplace Inclusion;

- 

SERVE: Advocating for leadership and development opportunities for Veterans, fostering an environment of networking and volunteerism and focusing on recruitment, retention and advancement; and

- 

Women s Connect : Inspiring Women Leaders.

Employee Development / Training 

Because of the importance of our employees ability to deliver the service levels that are a vital part of the hospitality that drives our brand appeal to guests, we emphasize employee development and training. 
 To ensure that individual stores operate at a high level of quality, we focus significant attention on the training of store managers. We believe that our training programs are key in developing our managers leadership skills and commitment to
 operational excellence, which we believe are important to delivering a positive employee and guest experience. We provide our managers and hourly employees with ongoing training through various development courses taught through a blended learning
 approach, including a mix of hands-on, traditional classroom, written and cloud-based training. Each store is equipped with dedicated training computers and cloud-based proprietary eLearning instruction programs. Additionally, each store typically
 has an employee training coordinator who oversees the training of the store s hourly employees.

We are increasing our focus on leadership development and mentorship programs to better secure strong, diverse talents across all facets of our organization. This commitment is exemplified by our
 D.E.L.T.A program Diverse Employee Leadership Talent Advancement ). This leadership program identifies diverse managers who have exhibited all the skills we value in our top-performing managers, brings them together to learn from each other,
 positions them to advance to their next role, while continuing to advance our business and strategic goals in the process.

Our new, robust diversity training includes education throughout all levels of the Company about unconscious and implicit bias and focuses on creating an inclusive culture and fostering a sense of
 belonging for all.

Employee Benefits / Compensation 

Cracker Barrel is committed to providing comprehensive and competitive benefits to meet our employees needs. We offer a robust set of benefits to help our employees and their families stay healthy and
 effectively manage spend related to health and financial well-being. These benefits include programs such as medical, dental, vision, prescription drug, and life insurance coverage, as well as short and long term disability insurance coverage. 
 Additionally, Cracker Barrel is pleased to offer our Employee Assistance Program to all employees and family members. This confidential program is available 24/7 for personal or professional consultations.

In addition, we provide all of our employees with access to paid parental leave and adoption benefits, a 401(k) savings plan, an employee discount policy at our Cracker Barrel stores, an employee
 stock purchase plan, and a competitive vacation policy.

Our compensation and performance evaluation systems are carefully designed to maintain pay equity by focusing pay decisions on experience and performance to ensure the Company retains a highly
 productive workforce to operate our business while providing a high level of service to our guests.

Health Safety 

While all of our dining rooms are currently operating without COVID-19-related restrictions, it is possible that renewed outbreaks or increases in cases and/or further new variants of the disease,
 either as part of a national trend or on a more localized basis, could result in COVID-19-related restrictions including capacity restrictions or otherwise limit our dine-in services, or negatively affect consumer demand.

10 

Table of Contents 

In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we instituted operational protocols to comply with applicable regulatory requirements to protect the health and safety of employees and guests, and we
 implemented and continually adapted a number of strategies to support the recovery of our business and navigate through the uncertain environment. We continue to focus on growing our off-premise business and investing in our digital infrastructure
 to improve the guest experience in the face of these ongoing challenges.

Following the COVID-19 pandemic, our teams have maintained close contact with applicable regulatory agencies, from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention CDC and the U.S. Food and Drug
 Administration to state and local regulatory agencies and health authorities, to ensure we are following the latest recommended practices and procedures to protect the health and safety of employees and guests. We instituted operational changes and
 enhancements to safety protocols to ensure that both our guests and employees experience a clean and safe environment. These enhanced processes were added to the already rigorous food safety and sanitation standards that we continuously follow and
 are verified by a third-party firm.

Cracker Barrel incorporates robust quality assurance and food safety processes to ensure the safety of all our food and retail products delivered to our guests including the following:

Extensive requirements for food supplier approval;

Ongoing third-party food safety audits of food production and distribution centers;

Periodic food product audits conducted by Cracker Barrel quality assurance team;

Rigid processes to ensure new or alternative source suppliers deliver food products to exact specifications;

Third-party testing of retail non-food products to ensure compliance with all specifications and Federal regulations;

Food safety audits conducted on all Cracker Barrel locations three times per year;

Ensuring a pest free environment in our locations though a stringent pest control process;

Monitoring of all national and local food safety regulations pertaining to both food products and store operations;

Monitoring of all health department inspections of all Cracker Barrel locations; and

Monitoring and responding to:

o 

Food borne illness outbreaks,

o 

Food and product recalls, and

o 

Pandemic situations, e.g., COVID-19.

COMPETITION

The restaurant and retail industries are intensely competitive with respect to the type and quality of food, retail merchandise, price, service, location, personnel, concept, attractiveness of
 facilities, availability of carryout and home delivery, internet and mobile ordering capabilities and effectiveness of advertising and marketing. We compete with a significant number of national and regional restaurant and retail chains, some of
 which have greater resources than us, as well as locally owned restaurants and retail stores. We also face growing competition from the supermarket industry, which offers convenient meals in the form of improved entr es and side dishes from the
 deli section; fast casual restaurants; quick-service restaurants; and highly promotional casual and family dining restaurants. In addition, improving product offerings at fast casual restaurants and quick-service restaurants and expansion of home
 delivery services, together with negative economic conditions, could cause consumers to choose less expensive alternatives. We expect competition to continue in all of these areas. The restaurant and retail businesses are also often affected by
 changes in consumer taste and preference; national, regional or local economic conditions; demographic trends; traffic and weather patterns; the type, number and location of competing restaurants and retailers; and consumers discretionary purchasing
 power. Factors such as inflation, increased food, labor and benefits costs and the lack of experienced management and hourly employees may adversely affect the restaurant and retail industries in general and our stores in particular. We believe we
 compete effectively and have successfully differentiated ourselves from many of our competitors in the restaurant and retail industries through a unique brand and guest experience, which offers a diversified full-service menu and a large variety of
 nostalgic and unique retail items. For further information regarding competition, see Item 1A. Risk Factors.

11 

Table of Contents 

RAW MATERIALS SOURCES AND AVAILABILITY

Essential restaurant supplies and raw materials are generally available from a number of sources. Generally, we are not dependent upon single sources of supplies or raw materials. However, in our
 stores, certain branded items are single source products or product lines. Our ability to maintain consistent quality throughout our store system depends in part upon our ability to acquire food products and related items from reliable sources. 
 When the supply of certain products is uncertain or prices are expected to rise significantly, we may enter into purchase contracts or purchase bulk quantities for future use.

Adequate alternative sources of supply, as well as the ability to adjust menus if needed, are believed to exist for substantially all of our restaurant products. Our retail supply chain generally
 involves longer lead-times and, often, more remote sources of product, including the People s Republic of China, and most of our retail product is distributed to our stores through a single distribution center. Although disruption of our retail
 supply chain could be difficult to overcome, we continuously evaluate the potential for disruptions and ways to mitigate such disruptions should they occur.

GOVERNMENT REGULATION

We are subject to various federal, state and local laws affecting our business, including areas of food safety, minimum wage increases, health care, zoning requirements, preparation and sale, among
 others, of food and alcoholic beverages, information security, and environmental matters. Each of our stores must comply with licensing requirements and regulations by a number of governmental authorities and we have not been significantly affected
 by any delay in obtaining these licenses. Federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations have not historically had a significant impact on our operations; however, we cannot predict the effect of possible future environmental
 legislation or regulations on our operations.

TRADEMARKS

We deem the various Cracker Barrel and MSBC trademarks and service marks that we own to be of substantial value. Our policy is to obtain federal registration of trademarks and other intellectual
 property whenever possible and to pursue vigorously any infringement of our trademarks and service marks.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

While research and development is important to us, these expenditures have not been material due to the nature of the restaurant and retail industries.

SEASONAL ASPECTS

Historically, our revenue and profits have been lower in the first and third fiscal quarters and higher in the second and fourth fiscal quarters. We attribute these variations primarily to the
 holiday shopping season and the summer vacation and travel season. Our gift shop sales, which are made substantially to our restaurant guests, historically have been highest in our second quarter, which includes the holiday shopping season. 
 Historically, interstate tourist traffic and the propensity to dine out have been much higher during the summer months, thereby generally contributing to higher profits in the Company s fourth quarter. We also generally open additional new stores
 throughout the year. Therefore, the results of operations for any interim period cannot be considered indicative of the operating results for an entire year.

WORKING CAPITAL

In the restaurant industry, substantially all sales are either for cash or third-party credit card. Therefore, like many restaurant companies, we are able to, and often do, operate with negative
 working capital. Restaurant inventories purchased through our principal food distributor are on terms of net zero days, while other restaurant inventories purchased locally generally are financed through trade credit at terms of 30 days or less. 
 Because of our gift shop, which have a lower product turnover than our restaurants, we carry larger inventories than many other companies in the restaurant industry. Retail inventories are generally financed through trade credit at terms of 60 days
 or less. These various trade terms are aided by rapid product turnover of the restaurant inventory. Employees generally are paid on weekly or semi-monthly schedules in arrears of hours worked except for bonuses that are paid either quarterly or
 annually in arrears. Many other operating expenses have normal trade terms and certain expenses, such as certain taxes and some benefits, are deferred for longer periods of time.

12 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1A. 

RISK FACTORS

Investing in our securities involves a degree of risk. Persons buying our securities should carefully consider the risks described below and the other information contained in
 this Annual Report on Form 10-K and other filings that we make from time to time with the SEC, including our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition,
 results of operations or cash flows could be materially adversely affected. In any such case, the trading price of our securities could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment.

Risks Related to Macroeconomic and Industry Conditions 

We have experienced and continue to experience inflationary conditions with respect to the cost for food, ingredients, retail
 merchandise, transportation, distribution, labor and utilities, and we may not be able to increase prices or implement operational improvements sufficient to fully offset inflationary pressures on such costs, which
 may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

The strength of our revenues and results of operations are dependent upon, among other things, the price and availability of food, ingredients, retail merchandise, transportation, distribution, labor and utilities . In fiscal 2023, we faced significant inflationary pressures. Fluctuations in economic conditions,
 weather, supply chain disruptions, freight efficiency, demand and other factors also affect the availability, quality and cost of the ingredients and retail merchandise that we buy. Changes in global demand for corn, wheat and dairy products have
 caused and could continue to cause volatility in the feed costs for poultry and livestock. Operating margins for our restaurants are subject to changes in the price and availability of food commodities, including beef, pork, chicken, dairy and
 produce. The effect of, introduction of, or changes to tariffs or exchange rates on imported retail products or food products could increase our costs and possibly affect the supply of those products. Changes in demand for over-the-road
 transportation and distribution services could cause volatility, increase our costs and adversely affect our operating margins. In addition, the prices of our retail merchandise are similarly impacted by economic
 and inflationary pressures, which have caused and may continue to cause higher costs and lower margins. Our attempts to offset cost pressures, such as through menu price increases and operational improvements, may not be successful. We seek to provide
 a moderately priced product, and, as a result, we may not seek to or be able to pass along price increases to our customers sufficient to completely offset cost increases without adversely affecting our customers demand. Consumers may be less willing to pay our menu prices and may increasingly visit lower-priced competitors, or may forgo some purchases altogether. The extent to which price increases are not sufficient to offset higher costs adequately or in
 a timely manner, and/or result in significant decreases in revenue volume, may have a material adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. 

Labor is a primary component in our operating costs, and increases in labor costs due to increased minimum wages, competition, unemployment rates, or health care and other benefit costs may have a
 material adverse effect on our results of operations. We operate in many states and localities where the minimum wage is significantly higher than the federal minimum wage. Our distributors and suppliers could also be affected by higher minimum
 wage, benefit standards and compliance costs, which could result in higher costs for goods and services supplied to us. The market for labor in the United States is competitive, which has resulted in upward pressure on wages and may continue to do
 so in the future.

Our operating margins are also affected, whether as a result of general inflation or otherwise, by fluctuations in the price of utilities such as natural gas and electricity, on which our locations
 depend for much of their energy supply. Our failure to anticipate and respond effectively to one or more adverse changes in any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Inflationary pressures and other
 fluctuations impacting the cost of these items could have a negative impact on our business in 2024.

13 

Table of Contents 

The COVID-19 pandemic has had and may in the future have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and our
 ability to make distributions to our shareholders for an extended period of time.

The Department of Health and Human Services declared the end of the COVID-19 public health emergency on May 11 2023. However, during 2023, we continued to experience negative economic pressures
 related to the COVID-19 pandemic. We cannot predict how quickly or whether consumer demand for our business will return to pre-pandemic levels in 2024. Additionally, we cannot anticipate whether our suppliers
 will face economic challenges caused or exacerbated by the COVID-19 pandemic, and as a result, we may face shortages of food items or other supplies at our restaurants, and our operations and sales may be adversely impacted by such supply
 interruptions. Similarly, many of the products sold in our retail operations are sourced from international suppliers, including from the People s Republic of China, and have experienced, and will likely continue to experience, disruptions,
 temporary closures and worker shortages that may result in an inability to fulfill our orders timely or, in some cases, at all, which could have an adverse impact on our retail sales and margins. In addition, we also cannot predict whether
 future variants of COVID-19 or outbreaks of other infectious disease will have similar effects on consumer demand. As a result of these factors, diminished economic activity has had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on our guest
 traffic, sales and operating costs, and we cannot predict the duration of the ongoing economic uncertainty.

Risks Related to Our
 Business 

Health concerns, government regulation relating to the consumption of food products and widespread infectious diseases could affect consumer preferences and could have a material
 adverse effect on our results of operations.

In addition to the COVID-19 pandemic, the United States and other countries have experienced, and may experience in the future, outbreaks of other viruses, such as norovirus, the bird/avian flu or
 other diseases. In recent years there has been publicity concerning E. coli bacteria, hepatitis A, mad cow disease, foot-and-mouth disease, salmonella, African swine fever, peanut and other food allergens, and other public health concerns
 affecting the food supply, including beef, chicken, pork, dairy and eggs. Food safety concerns, widespread outbreaks of livestock and poultry diseases, and product recalls, all of which are out of our control, and, in many instances, unpredictable,
 could also increase our costs and possibly affect the supply of livestock and poultry products. Additionally, we rely on our suppliers to comply with applicable laws and industry standards, and if our suppliers are unable to comply with such laws or
 do not otherwise meet our quality standards, we may face a disruption in our supply chain that could have a material adverse effect on our business. If we are unable to respond effectively, food safety concerns could have a negative impact on our
 business and our reputation.

The sale of food and prepared food products for human consumption involves the risk of injury to our customers. Such injuries may result from tampering by unauthorized third parties, product
 contamination or spoilage, including the presence of foreign objects, substances, chemicals, other agents, or residues introduced during the growing, storage, handling and transportation phases. Additionally, many of the food items on our menu
 contain beef and chicken. The preferences of our customers toward beef and chicken could be affected by changes in consumer health or dietary trends and preferences regarding meat consumption or health concerns and publicity concerning food quality,
 illness and injury generally. Changes in consumer dietary preferences may impact our menu offerings. Further, consumers may change their dining-in preferences, such as during the COVID-19 pandemic, when consumers often chose to order food to go or
 for delivery. In addition, government regulations or the likelihood of government regulation could increase the costs of obtaining or preparing food products. Failure to respond and adapt to changing consumer preferences could have a material
 adverse effect on our results of operation and financial condition. A decrease in guest traffic to our stores, a change in our mix of products sold or an increase in costs as a result of these health concerns either in general or specific to our
 operations, could result in a decrease in sales or higher costs to our stores that would materially harm our business.

14 

Table of Contents 

Our plans depend significantly on our strategic priorities and business initiatives designed to enhance our menu and retail offerings, support our brand, improve operating margins
 and improve the efficiencies and effectiveness of our operations. Failure to achieve or sustain these plans could adversely affect our results of operations.

We have had, and expect to continue to have, priorities and initiatives in various stages of testing, evaluation and implementation, upon which we expect to improve our results of operations and
 financial condition. These priorities and initiatives include, but are not limited to, tiered menu and retail pricing, evolving our marketing messaging to support the brand, improving the quality and breadth of retail assortments, evolving our menu,
 re-engineering store processes to reduce costs and improve store margins, applying technology to improve the employee and guest experience, expanding our store footprint, focusing on new and existing fast casual concepts, focusing on our off premise
 business and transactions such as strategic relationships, joint ventures and acquisitions. It is possible that our focus on these priorities and initiatives and constantly changing consumer preferences could cause unintended changes to our current
 results of operations. Additionally, many of these initiatives are inherently risky and uncertain in their application to our business in general, even when tested successfully on a more limited scale. It is possible that successful testing can
 result partially from resources and attention that cannot be duplicated in broader implementation. Testing and general implementation also can be affected by other risk factors described herein that reduce the results expected. Successful
 system-wide implementation across hundreds of stores and involving tens of thousands of employees relies on consistency of training, stability of workforce, ease of execution and the absence of offsetting factors that can adversely influence
 results. Failure to achieve successful implementation of our initiatives could adversely affect our results of operations.

We face intense competition, and if we are unable to continue to compete effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.

The restaurant and retail industries are intensely competitive, and we face many well-established competitors. We compete with national and regional restaurant and retail chains and locally owned
 restaurants and retailers within each market. Competition from other regional or national restaurant and retail chains typically represent the more important competitive influence, principally because of their significant marketing and financial
 resources. We face competition as a result of the convergence of grocery, deli, retail and restaurant services, particularly in the supermarket industry. We also face competition from various off-premise meal replacement offerings including, but
 not limited to, home meal kits delivery, third-party meal delivery and catering and the rapid growth of these channels by our competitors. Moreover, our competitors can harm our business even if they are not successful in their own operations by
 taking away customers or employees through aggressive and costly advertising, promotions or hiring practices. We compete primarily on the quality, variety and perceived value of menu and retail items. The number and location of stores, the growth
 of e-commerce, type of concept, quality and efficiency of service, attractiveness of facilities and effectiveness of advertising and marketing programs also are important factors. We anticipate that intense competition will continue with respect to
 all of these factors. We also compete with other restaurant chains and other retail businesses for quality site locations, management and hourly employees, and other competitive pressures that could affect both the availability and cost of these
 important resources. If we are unable to continue to compete effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected.

Unfavorable publicity could harm our business. In addition, our failure to recognize, respond to and effectively manage the impact of social media could materially impact our
 business.

Multi-unit businesses such as ours can be adversely affected by publicity resulting from complaints or litigation alleging poor food quality, poor service, guest discrimination, food-borne illness,
 viruses, product defects, personal injury, adverse health effects (including obesity), employee relations or other concerns stemming from one or a limited number of our stores. Even when the allegations or complaints are not accurate or valid,
 unfavorable publicity relating to one or more of our stores, or only to a single store, could adversely affect public perception of the entire brand. Additionally, social media can be utilized to target specific companies or brands as a result of a
 variety of actual or perceived actions or inactions that are disfavored by our customers, local culture, employees, or interest groups, which can materially and immediately impact consumer behavior. Social media allows users to organize collective
 actions and engage in other brand-damaging behaviors that, if targeted at us, could impact our business. Adverse publicity and its effect on overall consumer perceptions of food safety or customer service could have a material adverse effect on our
 business, financial condition and results of operations.

Additionally, social media uses and platforms are constantly evolving, and as a result, we need to innovate and develop our social media strategies to maintain brand relevance. We rely on social
 media and other forms of digital marketing to increase brand recognition and reach a broader audience. If our social media initiatives or strategies are not successful, our brand awareness may decline or we may otherwise suffer reputational harm. 
 In addition, a variety of risks are associated with the use of social media, including the public dissemination of proprietary or confidential information, negative comments about us, personally identifiable information, or out-of-date or false
 information. The inappropriate use of social media by our guests or employees could increase our costs, lead to litigation or result in negative publicity that could damage our reputation.

15 

Table of Contents 

Failure to maximize or to successfully assert our intellectual property rights could adversely affect our business and results of operations.

We rely on trademark, unfair competition, trade secret and copyright laws to protect our intellectual property rights. We have registered certain trademarks and service marks
 with appropriate governmental authorities. We cannot guarantee that these intellectual property rights will be maximized or that they can be successfully asserted. There is a risk that we will not be able to obtain and perfect our own, or, where
 appropriate, license intellectual property rights necessary to support new product introductions or other brand extensions. We cannot be sure that these rights, if obtained, will not be invalidated, circumvented or challenged in the future. 
 Additionally, we cannot guarantee that third parties will not claim our trademarks or menu offerings will infringe on their intellectual property rights, regardless of merit. Our failure to protect or successfully assert our intellectual property
 rights could make us less competitive and could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

Risks Related to our Capital Structure 

The performance of our business as affected by the level of our indebtedness could prevent us from meeting the obligations under our revolving credit
 facility or the indenture governing the 300 million aggregate principal amount of 0.625 Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (the Notes ), maintaining sufficient liquidity to operate our business or service our debt obligations, and we cannot provide
 any guarantee of future cash dividend payments or that we will be able to actively repurchase our common stock pursuant to a share repurchase program.

Our consolidated indebtedness and restrictions in our revolving credit facility may have the effect, among other things, of reducing our flexibility to respond to changing business and economic
 conditions and increasing borrowing costs. Given the significant uncertainty relating to the macroeconomic environment, there are potential scenarios under which we could fail to comply with these covenants,
 which would result in an event of default that, if not waived, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or ability to continue to service our debt obligations. A default under our credit
 agreement or under the indenture governing the Notes may also significantly affect our ability to obtain additional or alternative financing. For example, the lenders ongoing obligation to extend credit under the revolving credit facility is
 dependent upon our compliance with these covenants and restrictions.

Our ability to make scheduled interest payments or to refinance our obligations with respect to indebtedness will depend on our operating and financial performance, which, in turn, is subject to
 prevailing economic conditions and to financial, business and other factors beyond our control. Our inability to refinance our indebtedness when necessary or to do so upon attractive terms may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and
 results of operations.

Depending on the impact of macroeconomic environment, we may seek other sources of liquidity and other ways of preserving liquidity. No assurance can be made that sources of additional liquidity
 will be readily available or that we will be successful in obtaining additional liquidity or preserving liquidity. Further, no assurance can be made that sources of additional liquidity will be available on terms that are favorable to us.

Any determination to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the future will be based primarily upon our financial condition, prospects, results of operations and business requirements and our
 Board of Directors conclusion that the declaration of cash dividends is in the best interest of our shareholders and is in compliance with all laws and agreements applicable to the payment of dividends. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that
 we will be able to actively repurchase our common stock, and we may discontinue plans to repurchase common stock at any time.

We may be unable to raise the funds necessary to repurchase the Notes for cash following a fundamental change, or to pay the cash amounts due upon conversion, and our other
 indebtedness may limit our ability to repurchase the Notes or pay cash upon their conversion.

Noteholders may require us to repurchase their Notes following a fundamental change at a cash repurchase price generally equal to the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and
 unpaid interest, if any. In addition, all conversions of Notes will be settled partially or entirely in cash. We may not have enough available cash or be able to obtain financing at the time we are required to repurchase the Notes or pay the cash
 amounts due upon conversion. In addition, applicable law, regulatory authorities and the agreements governing our other indebtedness may restrict our ability to repurchase the Notes or pay the cash amounts due upon conversion.

16 

Table of Contents 

Our failure to repurchase Notes or to pay the cash amounts due upon conversion when required will constitute a default under the indenture governing the Notes. A default under the indenture
 governing the Notes or the fundamental change itself could also lead to a default under agreements governing our other indebtedness, which may result in that other indebtedness becoming immediately payable in full. We may not have or be able to
 secure financing for sufficient funds to satisfy all amounts due under the other indebtedness and the Notes.

Provisions in the indenture governing the Notes could delay or discourage a takeover of us.

Certain provisions in the Notes and the indenture governing the Notes could make a third party attempt to acquire us more difficult or expensive. For example, if a takeover constitutes a fundamental
 change, then noteholders will have the right to require us to repurchase their Notes for cash. In addition, if a takeover constitutes a make-whole fundamental change, then we may be required to temporarily increase the conversion rate for the
 Notes. In either case, and in other cases, our obligations under the Notes and the indenture governing the Notes could increase the cost of acquiring us or otherwise discourage a third party from acquiring us or removing incumbent management,
 including in a transaction that noteholders or holders of our common stock may view as favorable.

The convertible note hedge and warrant transactions may affect the value of the notes and our common stock.

In connection with the issuance of the Notes, we entered into convertible note hedge transactions with the hedge counterparties. The convertible note hedge transactions cover, subject to customary
 anti-dilution adjustments, the number of shares of common stock that initially underlie the Notes. We also entered into warrant transactions with the hedge counterparties collectively relating to the same number of shares of our common stock,
 subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments, and for which we received premiums to partially offset the cost of entering into the hedge transactions.

The convertible note hedge transactions are expected generally to reduce or offset potential dilution to our common stock upon any conversion of the Notes and/or offset any cash payments we may be
 required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted Notes, as the case may be. However, the warrant transactions could separately have a dilutive effect to the extent that the market value per share of our common stock exceeds the strike
 price of the warrants. In connection with establishing and maintaining their initial hedges of the convertible note hedge and warrant transactions, we understand that the hedge counterparties or their respective affiliates may modify their hedge
 positions with respect to the convertible note hedge transactions and the warrant transactions from time to time by purchasing or selling shares of our common stock or the Notes in privately negotiated transactions or open-market transactions or by
 entering into or unwinding various over-the-counter derivative transactions with respect to our common stock.

The effect, if any, of these activities on the trading price of our common stock will depend on a variety of factors, including market conditions, and is uncertain at this time. Any of these
 activities could, however, adversely affect the trading price of our common stock.

We are subject to counterparty risk with respect to the convertible note hedge transactions.

The hedge counterparties are financial institutions, and we are subject to the risk that one or more of the hedge counterparties might default under their respective convertible note hedge
 transactions. Our exposure to the credit risk of the hedge counterparties is not secured by any collateral. Global economic conditions have from time to time resulted in the actual or perceived failure or financial difficulties of many financial
 institutions. If a hedge counterparty becomes subject to insolvency proceedings, we will become an unsecured creditor in those proceedings with a claim equal to our exposure at that time under our transactions with such hedge counterparty.

Our exposure will depend on many factors, but, generally, the increase in our exposure will be correlated to the increase in the market price and in the volatility of our common stock. In addition,
 upon a default by any hedge counterparty, we may suffer adverse tax consequences and more dilution than we currently anticipate with respect to our common stock. We can provide no assurances as to the financial stability or viability of any of the
 hedge counterparties.

17 

Table of Contents 

Conversion of the Notes or exercise of the warrants evidenced by the warrant transactions may dilute the ownership interest of existing shareholders, including noteholders who
 have previously converted their Notes.

At our election, if applicable, we may settle Notes tendered for conversion partly in shares of our common stock. Furthermore, the warrants evidenced by the warrant transactions are expected to be
 settled on a net-share basis. As a result, the conversion of some or all of the Notes or the exercise of some or all of such warrants may dilute the ownership interests of existing shareholders. Any sales in the public market of the shares of our
 common stock issuable upon such conversion of the Notes or such exercise of the warrants could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock. In addition, the existence of the Notes may encourage short selling by market participants
 because the conversion of the Notes could depress the price of our common stock.

Risks Related to Supply Chains 

Our reliance on certain significant vendors, particularly for foreign-sourced retail products, subjects us to numerous risks, including possible interruptions in supply, which
 could adversely affect our business.

Our ability to maintain consistent quality throughout our operations depends in part upon our ability to acquire specified food and retail products and supplies in sufficient quantities. Partly
 because of our size, finding qualified vendors and accessing food, retail products, supplies and certain outsourced services in a timely and efficient manner is a significant challenge that typically is more difficult with respect to goods or
 services sourced outside the United States. In some cases, we may have only one supplier for a product or service. Our dependence on single-source suppliers subjects us to the possible risks of shortages, interruptions and price fluctuations, and
 possible litigation when we change vendors because of performance issues. Global economic factors and the weak economic recovery continue to put significant pressure on suppliers, with some suppliers facing financial distress and others attempting
 to rebuild profitability, all of which tends to make the supply environment more expensive. If any of these vendors is unable to fulfill its obligations, or if we are unable to find replacement suppliers in the event of a supply disruption, we could
 encounter supply shortages and/or incur higher costs to secure adequate supplies, either of which could materially harm our business.

Additionally, we use a number of products that are or may be manufactured in a number of foreign countries. In addition to the risk presented by the possible long lead times to source these
 products, our results of operations may be materially affected by risks such as:

tariffs, trade barriers, sanctions, import limitations and other trade restrictions by the U.S. government on products or components shipped from foreign sources (particularly, the People s Republic of China);

fluctuating currency exchange rates or control regulations;

foreign government regulations;

product testing regulations;

foreign political and economic instability; and

disruptions due to labor stoppages, strikes or slowdowns, or other disruptions, involving our vendors or the transportation and handling industries.

Possible shortages or interruptions in the supply of food items, retail merchandise and other supplies to our stores caused by inclement weather, natural disasters such as droughts, floods and
 earthquakes, the inability of our vendors to obtain credit in a tightened credit market or other conditions beyond our control could adversely affect the availability, quality and cost of the items we buy and the operations of our stores. Our
 inability to effectively manage supply chain risk could increase our costs and limit the availability of products that are critical to our store operations. If we temporarily close a store or remove popular items from a store s menu or retail
 product assortment, that store may experience a significant reduction in revenue during the time affected by the shortage or thereafter as a result of our customers changing their dining and shopping habits.

Our ability to manage our retail inventory levels and changes in merchandise mix may adversely affect our business.

The long lead times required for a substantial portion of our retail merchandise and the risk of product damages or non-compliance with required specifications could affect the amount of inventory we
 have available for sale. Additionally, our success depends on our ability to anticipate and respond in a timely manner to changing consumer demand and preferences for merchandise. If we misjudge the market, we may overstock unpopular products and
 be forced to take significant markdowns, which could reduce our gross margin. Conversely, if we underestimate demand for our merchandise we may experience inventory shortages resulting in lost revenues. Inventory shrinkage may also result in lost
 revenues. Any of these factors could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows from operations and our financial condition.

18 

Table of Contents 

Our risks are heightened because of our single retail distribution facility and our potential inability or failure to execute on a comprehensive business continuity
 plan following a major disaster at or near our corporate facility could adversely affect our business .

The majority of our retail inventory is shipped into, stored at and shipped out of a single warehouse located in Lebanon, Tennessee. All of the decorative fixtures used in our stores are shipped
 into, stored at and shipped out of a separate warehouse that is also located in Lebanon, Tennessee. A natural disaster or public health crisis (such as the COVID-19 pandemic) affecting either of these warehouses or their personnel and operations
 could materially adversely affect our business. Additionally, our corporate systems and processes and support for our restaurant and retail operations are centralized on one campus in Tennessee. We have disaster recovery procedures and business
 continuity plans in place to address most events, back up and offsite locations for recovery of electronic and other forms of data and information. However, if we are unable to implement our disaster recovery and business continuity plans, we may
 experience delays in recovery of data, failure to support field operations, tardiness in required reporting and compliance and the inability to perform vital corporate functions which could adversely affect our business.

Risks Related to IT Systems, Cybersecurity and Data Privacy 

A material disruption in our information technology, network infrastructure and telecommunication systems could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of
 operations.

We rely extensively on our information technology across our operations, including, but not limited to, point of sales processing, supply chain management, retail merchandise allocation and
 distribution, labor productivity and expense management Our business depends significantly on the reliability, security and capacity of our information technology systems to process these transactions, summarize results, manage and report on our
 business and our supply chain. Our information technology systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer, network, cable system, internet and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches,
 catastrophic events such as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes, acts of war or terrorism, and usage errors by our employees. If our information technology and telecommunication systems are damaged or cease to function properly, we
 may have to make a significant investment to repair or replace them, and we could suffer loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our operations in the interim. In addition, from time to time, our systems may become obsolete or require
 attention and could result in interruptions in our services and non-compliance with certain laws or regulations. Any material interruption in our information technology and telecommunication systems could have a material adverse effect on our
 business or results of operations. In addition, some of these essential technology-based business systems are outsourced to third parties. While we make efforts to ensure that our outsourced providers are observing proper standards and controls,
 we cannot guarantee that breaches, disruptions or failures caused by these providers will not occur.

A privacy breach could adversely affect our business.

The protection of customer, employee and company data is critical to us. We are subject to laws relating to information security, privacy, cashless payments, consumer credit, and fraud. 
 Additionally, an increasing number of government and industry groups have established laws and standards for the protection of personal and health information. As a merchant and service provider of point-of-sale services, we are also subject to
 the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard issued by the Payment Card Industry Council. The regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with the frequent imposition of new and constantly
 changing requirements, including the California Consumer Privacy Act, which became effective on January 1, 2020. Compliance with these requirements may result in cost increases due to necessary system changes and the development of new
 administrative processes. In addition, customers and employees have a high expectation that we will adequately protect their personal information. For example, in connection with credit and debit card sales, we transmit confidential card
 information. Third parties may have the technology or know-how to breach the security of this customer information, and our security measures and those of our technology vendors may not effectively prevent others from obtaining improper access to
 this information. If we fail to comply with the laws and regulations regarding privacy and security or experience a security breach, we could be exposed to risks of data loss, regulatory investigations and/or penalties, a loss of the ability to
 process credit and debit card payments, substantial inconvenience or harm to our guests, litigation and serious disruption of our operations. Additionally, any resulting negative publicity could significantly harm our reputation and damage our
 relations with our guests. As privacy and information security laws, regulations and practices change and cyber risks continue to evolve, we may incur additional costs to ensure we remain in compliance and protect guest, employee and Company
 information.

19 

Table of Contents 

We outsource certain business processes to third-party vendors that subject us to risks, including disruptions in business and increased costs ; our use of third-party technologies has increased and if we are unable to maintain our rights to these technologies our business may be harmed. 

Some of our business processes are currently outsourced to third parties. Such processes include distribution of food and retail products to our store locations and customers, credit and debit card
 authorization and processing, gift card tracking and authorization, employee payroll card services, health care and workers compensation insurance claims processing, wage and related tax credit documentation and approval, guest satisfaction survey
 programs, employee engagement surveys and externally hosted business software applications. We cannot ensure that all providers of outsourced services are observing proper internal control practices, such as redundant processing facilities, and
 there are no guarantees that failures will not occur. Failure of third parties to provide adequate services could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

We maintain relationships with various third-party delivery apps and services such as DoorDash and Uber Eats. Our sales may be negatively affected if these platforms are damaged or interrupted
 through technological failures or otherwise. The drivers fulfilling third-party delivery orders may make errors or fail to make timely deliveries such that our food or brands are poorly represented. This could cause reputational harm or adversely
 impact sales and customer satisfaction. Our sales through these services may also depend on the availability of delivery drivers, who are generally independent contractors.

We use third parties to authorize and process credit and debit card payments, which requires the collection and retention of customer data, including sensitive financial data and other personally
 identifiable information. Such personal information is maintained by third parties who provide payment processing services. A weakness in such third party s systems or software products (or in the systems or software products in the service
 providers of those third parties) may lead to a data breach or pose cybersecurity risks. If we, or one of our third party service providers experience a cyber attack or security data breach, our results of operations and brand may suffer. 
 Additionally, we may have to make a significant investment to remedy or replace such systems.

We rely on certain technology licensed from third parties and may be required to license additional technology in the future for use in managing our internet sites and providing services to our
 guests and employees. These third-party technology licenses may not continue to be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. The inability to enter into and maintain these technology licenses could adversely affect our business.

Legal and Regulatory Risks 

We are subject to a number of risks relating to federal, state and local regulation of our business, including the areas of minimum wage increases, health care reform and
 environmental matters, and an insufficient or ineffective response to government regulation may increase our costs and decrease our profit margins.

The restaurant industry is subject to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations, including those relating to food safety, minimum wage and other labor issues (such as unionization),
 health care, animal health and welfare, menu labeling and building and zoning requirements and those relating to the preparation and sale of food and alcoholic beverages as well as certain retail products. The development and operation of our stores
 depend to a significant extent on the selection and acquisition of suitable sites, which are subject to zoning, land use, environmental, traffic and other regulations and requirements. We are also subject to licensing and regulation by state and
 local authorities relating to health, sanitation, safety and fire standards and the sale of alcoholic beverages, federal and state laws governing our relationships with employees (including the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, the Immigration Reform
 and Control Act of 1986, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 and applicable requirements concerning minimum wage, overtime, healthcare coverage, family leave, medical privacy, tip
 credits, working conditions, safety standards and immigration status), and federal and state laws which prohibit discrimination and other laws regulating the design and operation of facilities, such as the Americans With Disabilities Act of 1990. In
 addition, we are subject to a variety of federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the use, storage, discharge, emission and disposal of hazardous materials. We also face risks from new and changing laws and regulations relating to
 gift cards, nutritional content, nutritional labeling, product safety and menu labeling. Compliance with these laws and regulations can be costly and can increase our exposure to litigation or governmental investigations or proceedings.

20 

Table of Contents 

Increases in state or federal minimum wage rates, including recent proposals to increase state or federal minimum wage rates and index future increases to inflation, or other changes in these laws
 could increase our labor costs. Our ability to respond to minimum wage increases by increasing menu prices will depend on the responses of our competitors and customers. Our distributors and suppliers also may be affected by higher minimum wage and
 benefit standards and tracking costs, which could result in higher costs for goods and services supplied to us.

There also has been increasing focus by U.S. and foreign governmental authorities on environmental matters, such as climate change, the reduction of greenhouse gases and water consumption. This
 increased focus may lead to new initiatives directed at regulating an as yet unspecified array of environmental matters. Legislative, regulatory or other efforts to combat climate change or other environmental concerns could result in future
 increases in taxes, the cost of raw materials, transportation and utilities, which could decrease our operating profits and necessitate future investments in facilities and equipment.

The impact of current laws and regulations, the effect of future changes in laws or regulations that impose additional requirements and the consequences of litigation relating to current or future
 laws and regulations could increase our compliance and other costs of doing business and therefore have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Failure to comply with the laws and regulatory requirements of federal, state and local
 authorities could result in, among other things, revocation of required licenses, administrative enforcement actions, fines and civil and criminal liability. Compliance with these laws and regulations can be costly and can increase our exposure to
 litigation or governmental investigations or proceedings. Also, the failure to obtain and maintain required licenses, permits and approvals could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Typically, licenses must be renewed
 annually and may be revoked, suspended or denied renewal for cause at any time if governmental authorities determine that our conduct violates applicable regulations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of
 operations.

Our advertising is heavily dependent on billboards, which are highly regulated, and our evolving marketing strategy involves increased advertising and marketing costs that could
 adversely affect our results of operations.

Historically, we have relied upon billboards as our principal method of advertising. A number of states in which we operate restrict highway signage and billboards. Because many of our stores are
 located on the interstate highway system, our business is highly related to highway travel. Thus, signage or billboard restrictions or loss of existing signage or billboards could adversely affect our visibility and ability to attract customers.

Additionally, as we continue to evolve our marketing strategy, we are increasingly utilizing more traditional and higher cost methods of advertising, such as national cable television, radio and
 online and digital media. These types of advertising, their effects upon our revenues and, in turn, our profits, are uncertain. Additionally, if our competitors increased their spending on advertising and promotions, we could be forced to
 substantially increase our advertising, media or marketing expenses. If we did so or if our current advertising and promotion programs become less effective, we could experience a material adverse effect on our results of operations.

Litigation may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our business is subject to the risk of litigation by employees, guests, suppliers, shareholders, governmental agencies, competitors or others through private actions, class actions, administrative
 proceedings, regulatory actions or other litigation. These actions and proceedings may involve allegations of illegal, unfair or inconsistent employment practices, including wage and hour violations and employment discrimination; guest
 discrimination; food safety issues, including poor food quality, food-borne illness, food tampering, food contamination, and adverse health effects from consumption of various food products or high-calorie foods (including obesity); other personal
 injury, including claims related to COVID-19; violation of dram shop laws; trademark and patent infringement; violation of the federal securities laws; or other concerns. The outcome of litigation, particularly class action lawsuits and regulatory
 actions, is difficult to assess or quantify. Plaintiffs in these types of lawsuits may seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts and the magnitude of the potential loss relating to such lawsuits may remain unknown for substantial periods
 of time. The cost to defend future litigation may be significant. There may also be adverse publicity associated with litigation that could decrease guest or consumer acceptance of our brand, regardless of whether the allegations are valid or we
 ultimately are found liable. Litigation could adversely impact our operations and our ability to expand our brand in other ways, such as by diverting management s attention away from operations. As a result, litigation may adversely affect our
 business, financial condition and results of operations.

21 

Table of Contents 

Our business could be negatively affected as a result of actions of activist shareholders.

In the past, activist shareholders have nominated candidates for election to our Board of Directors at our annual meetings of shareholders, resulting in proxy contests, and called
 publicly for special meetings of shareholders to consider other proposals relating to corporate policies of the Company, including on matters such as our dividend policy, capital structure and strategic alternatives. If we become engaged in a proxy
 contest or other public engagement with an activist shareholder in the future, our business could be adversely affected because:

responding to public proposals and director nominations, special meeting requests and other actions by activist shareholders can disrupt our operations, be costly and time-consuming, and divert the attention of
 our management and employees;

perceived uncertainties as to our future direction may result in the loss of potential business opportunities, and may make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel and business partners;

claims made by activist shareholders in connection with a proxy contest or otherwise may harm our reputation, damage our relations with customers, employees and business relations such as suppliers, or otherwise
 impair our business; and

pursuit of an activist shareholder s agenda may adversely affect our ability to effectively implement our business strategy and create additional value for our shareholders.

Provisions in our charter, Tennessee law and our shareholder rights plan may discourage potential acquirers of the Company.

Our charter documents contain provisions that may have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire or attempt to acquire control of the Company. In addition, we are subject
 to certain provisions of Tennessee law that limit, in some cases, our ability to engage in certain business combinations with significant shareholders. In addition, we have adopted a shareholder rights plan, which provides, among other things, that
 when specified events occur, our shareholders will be entitled to purchase from us shares of junior preferred stock. The shareholder rights plan will expire on April 9, 2024. The preferred stock purchase rights are triggered ten days after the date
 of a public announcement that a person or group acting in concert has acquired, or obtained the right to acquire, beneficial ownership of 20 or more of our outstanding common stock. The preferred stock purchase rights would cause dilution to a
 person or group that attempts to acquire the Company on terms that do not satisfy the requirements of a qualifying offer under the shareholder rights plan or are otherwise not approved by our Board of Directors.

These provisions, either alone or in combination with each other, give our current directors and executive officers a substantial ability to influence the outcome of a proposed acquisition of the
 Company. These provisions would apply even if an acquisition or other significant corporate transaction was considered beneficial by some of our shareholders. If a change in control or change in management is delayed or prevented by these
 provisions, the market price of our securities could decline.

Risks Related to Our Business Strategy 

Failure to adequately address environmental, social and governance ESG matters, could adversely affect our brand, business, results of operations and financial condition.

There has been increasing public focus by investors, environmental activists, the media and governmental and regulatory agencies on ESG matters, including packaging and waste, animal health and
 welfare, human rights, climate change, greenhouse gases and land, energy and water use. In response to shareholders heightened level of expectation for expanded ESG disclosure, we publish an ESG Report annually describing our ESG efforts and
 goals. Execution of the strategies and achievement of the goals outlined in the ESG Report are subject to risks and uncertainties, including our ability to meet our goals within the currently projected costs and the expected timeframes; unforeseen
 design, operational and technological difficulties; the outcome of research efforts and future technology developments; and the actions of competitors and competitive pressures. There is no assurance that we will be able to successfully execute our
 strategies and achieve our goals. Failure, or perceived failure, to achieve these goals could damage our reputation and relationships with customers, government agencies and investors. Such conditions could have an adverse effect on our business,
 results of operations and financial condition.

22 

Table of Contents 

The SEC is expected to adopt rules governing climate change disclosures that could significantly increase compliance burdens and associated regulatory costs of publicly traded companies. Other
 federal, state and local legislative and regulatory efforts to combat other ESG concerns could also result in new or more stringent forms of oversight and mandatory reporting, diligence and disclosure requirements, which could increase our reporting
 costs. Any failure or perceived failure by us to manage ESG issues or comply with regulations could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and on our business, results of operations, financial condition or stock price, including the
 sustainability of our business over time.

We are dependent upon attracting and retaining qualified employees while also controlling labor costs.

Our performance is dependent on attracting and retaining a large and growing number of qualified store employees. Availability of staff varies widely from location to location. Many staff members
 are in entry-level or part-time positions, typically with high rates of turnover. High turnover of store management and staff would cause us to incur higher direct costs associated with recruiting, training and retaining replacement personnel. 
 Management turnover as well as general shortages in the labor pool can cause our stores to operate with reduced staff, which negatively affects our ability to provide appropriate service levels to our customers. The market for the most qualified
 talent continues to be competitive and we must provide competitive wages, benefits and workplace conditions to maintain our most qualified employees. Competition for qualified employees exerts upward pressure on wages paid to attract such personnel,
 resulting in higher labor costs, including greater recruiting and training expenses.

Our ability to meet our labor needs while controlling our costs is subject to external factors such as unemployment levels, minimum wage legislation, health care legislation, payroll taxes and
 changing demographics. Many of our employees are hourly workers whose wages are affected by increases in the federal or state minimum wage or changes to tip credits. Tip credits are the amounts an employer is permitted to assume an employee
 receives in tips when the employer calculates the employee s hourly wage for minimum wage compliance purposes. Increases in minimum wage levels and changes to the tip credit have been made and continue to be proposed at both federal and state
 levels. As minimum wage rates increase, we may need to increase not only the wages of our minimum wage employees but also the wages paid to employees at wage rates that are above minimum wage. If competitive pressures or other factors prevent us
 from offsetting increased labor costs by increases in prices, our profitability may decline.

The loss of key executives or difficulties in recruiting and retaining qualified personnel could jeopardize our future growth and success .

We have assembled a senior management team which has substantial background and experience in the restaurant and retail industries. Our future growth and success depend substantially on the
 contributions and abilities of our senior management and other key personnel, and we design our compensation programs to attract and retain key personnel and facilitate our ability to develop effective succession plans. If we fail to attract or
 retain senior management or other key personnel, our succession planning and operations could be materially and adversely affected. We must continue to recruit, retain and motivate management and other employees sufficiently to maintain our
 current business and support our projected growth. A loss of key employees or a significant shortage of high-quality store employees could jeopardize our ability to meet our business goals. We have experienced and may continue to experience
 challenges in recruiting and retaining team members in various locations. Additionally, Julie Felss Masino began serving as Chief Executive Officer-Elect on August 7, 2023 and will begin serving as Chief Executive Officer on November 1, 2023,
 replacing Sandra B. Cochran, who will thenceforth serve as Executive Chair of the Board of Directors through her retirement as of September 30, 2024 (or such earlier date that the Board of Directors of the Company may determine upon 30 days prior
 written notice to Ms. Cochran). Such transition in our executive management team may divert the attention of management or otherwise be disruptive to our business.

23 

Table of Contents 

We may pursue strategic investments or initiatives now or in the future, which may not yield their expected benefits, resulting in a loss of some or all of our investment.

We may, from time to time, evaluate and pursue other opportunities for growth, including through strategic investments, joint ventures, other acquisitions, and other initiatives, such as our recent
 rollout of a limited selection of beer and wine in certain locations and our new customer loyalty program. These initiatives involve various inherent risks, including, without limitation, general business risk, integration and synergy risk, market
 acceptance risk and risks associated with the potential distraction of management. It may be difficult to predict the success of any endeavor, and such transactions and initiatives may not ultimately create value for us or our shareholders and may
 harm our reputation and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, failure to maximize or successfully execute our customer loyalty program could adversely impact growth.

Individual store locations are affected by local conditions that could change and adversely affect the carrying value of those locations.

The success of our business depends on the success of individual locations, which in turn depends on stability of or improvements in operating conditions at and around those locations. Our revenues
 and expenses can be affected significantly by the number and timing of the opening of new stores and the closing, relocating and remodeling of existing stores. We incur substantial pre-opening expenses each time we open a new store and other
 expenses when we close, relocate or remodel existing stores. The expenses of opening, closing, relocating or remodeling any of our stores may be higher than anticipated. An increase in such expenses could have an adverse effect on our results of
 operations. Also, as demographic and economic patterns (e.g., highway or roadway traffic patterns, concentrations of general retail or hotel activity, local population densities or increased competition)
 change, current locations may not continue to be attractive or profitable. Possible declines in neighborhoods where our stores are located or adverse economic conditions in areas surrounding those neighborhoods could result in reduced revenues in
 those locations. The occurrence of one or more of these events could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations as well as the carrying value of our individual locations.

If we fail to execute our business strategy, which includes our ability to find new store locations and open new stores that are profitable, our business could suffer.

One of the means of achieving our growth objectives is opening and operating new and profitable stores. This strategy involves numerous risks, and we may not be able to open all of our planned new
 stores and the new stores that we open may not be profitable or as profitable as our existing stores.

A significant risk in executing our business strategy is locating, securing and profitably operating an adequate supply of suitable new store sites. Competition for suitable store sites and
 operating personnel in our target markets is intense, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to find sufficient suitable locations, or negotiate suitable purchase or lease terms, for our planned expansion in any future period. Recently,
 our target markets have been expanded to include markets that are outside of our existing core markets and in states where we currently do not have existing operations, which increases the risk of executing our business strategy. Economic conditions
 may also reduce commercial development activity and limit the availability of attractive sites for new stores. New stores typically experience an adjustment period before sales levels and operating margins normalize, and even sales at successful
 newly opened stores generally do not make a significant contribution to profitability in their initial months of operation. Our ability to open and operate new stores successfully also depends on numerous other factors, some of which are beyond our
 control, including, among other items discussed in other risk factors, the following: our ability to control construction and development costs of new stores; our ability to manage the local, state or other regulatory approvals and permits, zoning
 and licensing processes in a timely manner; our ability to recruit and appropriately train employees and staff the stores; consumer acceptance of our stores in new markets; and our ability to manage construction delays related to the opening of a new
 store. Delays or failures in opening new stores, or achieving lower than expected sales in new stores, or drawing a greater than expected proportion of sales in new stores from existing stores, could materially adversely affect our business strategy
 and could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

24 

Table of Contents 

Our expansion into new geographic markets may present increased risks due to our relative unfamiliarity with these markets.

Some of our new store locations may be located in areas where we have lower market presence and, as a result, less or no meaningful business experience than in our traditional, existing markets. 
 Those new markets may have different competitive conditions, consumer tastes and discretionary spending patterns than our traditional, existing markets, which may cause our new store locations to be less successful than restaurants in our existing
 markets. An additional risk of expanding into new markets is the potential for lower or lacking market awareness of our brand in those areas. Stores opened in new markets may open at lower average weekly sales volumes than stores opened in existing
 markets and may have higher store-level operating expense ratios than in existing markets. Sales at stores opened in new markets may take longer to reach average unit volume and margins, if at all, thereby affecting our overall profitability.

General Risk Factors 

General economic, business and societal conditions as well as those specific to the restaurant or retail industries that are largely out of our control may have a material adverse
 effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our business results depend on a number of industry-specific and general economic factors, many of which are beyond our control. These factors include consumer income, interest rates, inflation,
 consumer credit availability, consumer debt levels, tax rates and policy, unemployment trends and other matters that influence consumer confidence and spending. The full-service dining sector of the restaurant industry and the retail industry are
 affected by changes in national, regional and local economic conditions, seasonal fluctuation of sales volumes, consumer preferences, including changes in consumer tastes and dietary habits and the level of consumer acceptance of our restaurant
 concept and retail merchandise, and consumer spending patterns.

Discretionary consumer spending, which is critical to our success, is influenced by general economic conditions and the availability of discretionary income. General economic conditions, including
 an inflationary environment, geopolitical or other macroeconomic conditions and uncertainty about the strength of the economy may adversely affect our results of operations. A protracted economic downturn, a worsening economy, increased energy
 prices, and rising interest rates may reduce consumer confidence and affect consumers ability or desire to spend disposable income. Current inflationary pressures and other economic conditions affecting disposable consumer income, such as
 unemployment levels, reduced home values, investment losses, business conditions, fuel and other energy costs, consumer debt levels, lack of available credit, consumer confidence, interest rates, tax rates and changes in tax laws, may adversely
 affect our business by reducing overall consumer spending or by causing customers to reduce the frequency with which they shop and dine out or to shift their spending to our competitors or to products sold by us that are less profitable than other
 product choices, all of which could result in lower revenues, decreases in inventory turnover, greater markdowns on inventory, and a reduction in profitability due to lower margins.

In addition, many of the factors discussed above, along with the current economic environment and the related impact on available credit, may affect us and our suppliers and other business partners,
 landlords, and customers in an adverse manner, including, but not limited to, reducing access to liquid funds or credit (including through the loss of one or more financial institutions that are a part of our revolving credit facility), increasing
 the cost of credit, limiting our ability to manage interest rate risk, increasing the risk of bankruptcy of our suppliers, landlords or counterparties to or other financial institutions involved in our revolving credit facility and our derivative and
 other contracts, increasing the cost of goods to us, and other adverse consequences which we are unable to fully anticipate.

We also cannot predict the effects of actual or threatened armed conflicts or terrorist attacks, efforts to combat terrorism, military action against any foreign state or group located in a foreign
 state or heightened security requirements on the economy or consumer confidence in the United States. Any of these events could also affect consumer sentiment and confidence that in turn affect consumer spending patterns or result in increased costs
 for us due to security measures.

Unfavorable changes in the factors described above or in other business and economic conditions affecting our customers could increase our costs, reduce traffic in some or all of our locations or
 impose practical limits on pricing, any of which could lower our profit margins and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

There can be no assurance that the economic conditions that have adversely affected the restaurant and retail industries, and the capital, credit and real estate markets generally or us in
 particular will remain static in 2024, or thereafter, in which case we could experience declines in revenues and profits, and could face capital and liquidity constraints or other business challenges.

25 

Table of Contents 

Our business is somewhat seasonal and also can be affected by extreme weather conditions and natural disasters, social unrest or other catastrophic events.

Historically, our highest sales and profits have occurred during the second and fourth quarters, which include the holiday shopping season and the summer vacation and travel season. Retail sales
 historically have been seasonally higher between Thanksgiving and Christmas. Therefore, the results of operations for any quarter or period of less than one year cannot be considered indicative of the operating results for an entire year.

Additionally, extreme or unseasonable weather conditions in the areas where our stores are located can adversely affect our business. For example, frequent or unusually heavy snowfall, ice storms,
 rain storms, floods, droughts or other extreme weather conditions over a prolonged period could make it difficult for our customers to travel to our stores and can disrupt deliveries of food and supplies to our stores and thereby reduce our sales and
 profitability. Similarly, extended periods of unseasonably warm temperatures during the winter season or cool weather during the summer season could render a portion of our retail inventory incompatible with those unseasonable conditions, and
 reduced sales from such extreme or prolonged unseasonable weather conditions could adversely affect our business. Severe weather may disrupt our ability to receive food items, which may adversely affect the availability, quality and cost of the
 items we buy. In the event we increase menu prices or adjust menu offerings to offset such increases, we may experience a negative consumer response. These risks may be exacerbated in the future as some climatologists predict that the long-term
 effects of climate change may result in more severe, volatile weather.

In addition, natural disasters such as hurricanes, tornadoes and earthquakes, or a combination of these or other factors, could severely damage or destroy one or more of our stores, warehouses or
 suppliers located in the affected areas, thereby disrupting our business operations for a more extended period of time.

Other unforeseen events, such as hostile acts (including terrorist activities and public or workplace violence), social unrest or other catastrophic events, and our ability to appropriately respond
 and adapt to such events could negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. If our disaster recovery procedures fail, we may experience delays in recovery of data, inability to perform vital corporate functions or
 failures to adequately support field operations.

Our current insurance programs may expose us to unexpected costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

Our insurance coverage is structured to include deductibles, self-insured retentions, limits of liability, stop loss limits and similar provisions that we believe are prudent based on our
 operations. However, there are types of losses we may incur against which we cannot be insured or which we believe are not economically reasonable to insure, such as losses due to acts of terrorism and some natural disasters, including floods. If
 we incur such losses, our business could suffer. In addition, we self-insure a significant portion of expected losses under our workers compensation, general liability and group health insurance programs. Unanticipated changes in the actuarial
 assumptions and management estimates underlying our reserves for these losses, including unexpected increases in medical and indemnity costs, could result in materially different amounts of expense than expected under these programs.

Our annual and quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly and could fall below the expectations of investors and securities analysts due to a number of factors, some
 of which are beyond our control, resulting either in volatility or a decline in the price of our securities.

Our business is not static it changes periodically as a result of many factors, including, among other items discussed in other risk factors, the following:

increases and decreases in guest traffic, average weekly sales, restaurant and retail sales and restaurant profitability;

inflationary and other market conditions that affect the costs and availability of commodities, labor, energy, fuel, transportation and other inputs necessary to operate our stores effectively in a manner consistent with our strategy;

the rate at which we open new stores, the timing of new store openings and the related high initial operating costs;

26 

Table of Contents 

changes in advertising and promotional activities and expansion into new markets; and

impairment of long-lived assets and any loss on store closures.

Our quarterly operating results and restaurant and retail sales may fluctuate as a result of any of these or other factors. Accordingly, results for any one quarter are not necessarily indicative of
 results to be expected for any other quarter or for any year, and restaurant and retail sales for any particular future period may decrease. In the future, operating results may fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors. In
 such event, the price of our securities could fluctuate dramatically over time or could decrease generally.

Our reported results can be affected adversely and unexpectedly by the implementation of new, or changes in the interpretation of existing, accounting principles or financial
 reporting requirements.

Our financial reporting complies with the United States generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ), and GAAP is subject to change over time. If new rules or interpretations of existing rules
 require us to change our financial reporting, our reported results of operations and financial condition could be affected substantially, including requirements to restate historical financial reporting.

Failure of our internal control over financial reporting could adversely affect our business and financial results.

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process to provide reasonable
 assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that we would
 prevent or detect a misstatement of our financial statements or fraud. Any failure to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting could limit our ability to report our financial results accurately and timely or to
 detect and prevent fraud. The identification of a material weakness could indicate a lack of controls adequate to generate accurate financial statements that, in turn, could cause a loss of investor confidence and decline in the market price of our
 common stock. We cannot assure you that we will be able to timely remediate any material weaknesses that may be identified in future periods or maintain all of the controls necessary for continued compliance. Likewise, we cannot assure you that we
 will be able to retain sufficient skilled finance and accounting personnel, especially in light of the increased demand for such personnel among publicly traded companies.

ITEM 1B.

UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

None.

ITEM 2.

PROPERTIES

Our home office headquarters and warehouse facilities are located on approximately 90 acres of land owned by the Company in Lebanon, Tennessee. We use approximately 260,000 square feet of office
 space for our home office headquarters and decorative fixtures warehouse. We lease our retail distribution center, which consists of approximately 370,000 square feet of warehouse facilities and an additional approximately 10,000 square feet of
 office and maintenance space. We also lease an additional distribution center of approximately 52,000 square feet in Lebanon, Tennessee. This additional distribution center is primarily used for ecommerce fulfillment and overflow retail storage. 
 We also lease 105,000 square feet located in Mount Juliet, Tennessee that is used for overflow storage for retail merchandise and supplies.

We lease office space for our MSBC headquarters which consists of approximately 15,000 square feet. In addition to the various corporate facilities, we have three owned properties for future
 development, a motel used for housing management trainees and for the general public, and four parcels of excess real property and improvements that we intend to sell.

27 

Table of Contents 

In addition to the properties mentioned above, we own or lease the following store properties (including both our 661 Cracker Barrel Old Country Store locations and 59 locations for our MSBC
 locations) as of September 13, 2023:

State 

Owned 

Leased 

State 

Owned 

Leased 

Tennessee

29

30

California

0

7

Florida

31

50

New Jersey

0

6

Texas

19

44

Kansas

3

2

Georgia

26

27

Wisconsin

5

0

North Carolina

17

27

Colorado

3

1

Kentucky

22

17

Massachusetts

0

4

Alabama

19

15

New Mexico

1

3

Ohio

22

12

Utah

4

0

Virginia

15

19

Idaho

2

1

Indiana

20

8

Iowa

3

0

South Carolina

13

15

Connecticut

1

1

Pennsylvania

8

17

Montana

2

0

Illinois

19

2

Nebraska

1

1

Missouri

13

4

Nevada

0

2

Michigan

12

3

Delaware

0

1

Arizona

2

12

Maine

0

1

Mississippi

9

4

Minnesota

1

0

Arkansas

5

7

New Hampshire

1

0

Louisiana

8

2

North Dakota

1

0

Maryland

3

6

Oregon

0

1

New York

8

1

Rhode Island

0

1

West Virginia

3

6

South Dakota

1

0

Oklahoma

6

2

358

362

We believe that our properties are suitable, adequate, well-maintained and sufficient for the operations contemplated. See Operations" and "Store Development" in Item 1 of this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K for additional information on our properties.

ITEM 3. 

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

The Company and its subsidiaries are party to various legal and regulatory proceedings and claims incidental to their business in the ordinary course. In the opinion of management, based upon
 information currently available, the ultimate liability with respect to these proceedings and claims will not materially affect the Company's consolidated results of operations or financial position.

Pursuant to Instruction to Item 401 of Regulation S K and General Instruction G(3) to Form 10 K, the following information is included in Part I of this Form 10 K.

ITEM 4. 

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not applicable.

28 

Table of Contents 

Information about Our Executive Officers 

The following table sets forth certain information concerning our executive officers:

Name 

Age 

Position with the Company 

Sandra B. Cochran 

65

President and Chief Executive Officer

Julie F. Masino 

52

Chief Executive Officer - Elect

Craig A. Pommells

48

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer

J. Mark Spurgin

55

Senior Vice President, Chief Restaurant Supply Chain Officer

Laura A. Daily

59

Senior Vice President, Retail

Cammie Spillyards-Schaefer

46

Senior Vice President, Operations

Richard M. Wolfson

57

Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary

Bruce A. Hoffmeister

62

Senior Vice President, Chief Information Officer

Donna L. Roberts

48

Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer

As previously announced, Ms. Cochran will step down as President and Chief Executive Officer effective November 1, 2023 and will continue her service on the Company s Board of Directors as
 Executive Chair through her retirement from the Company as of September 30, 2024 (or such earlier date that the Board of Directors of the Company may determine upon 30 days prior written notice to Ms. Cochran). Ms. Masino will assume the role of
 President and Chief Executive Officer effective as of November 1, 2023.

The following information summarizes the business experience of each of our executive officers for at least the past five years:

Ms. Cochran has been employed with us since 2009 and assumed her current position as President and Chief Executive Officer in September 2011, when she also became a member of our Board of Directors. 
 Prior to September 2011, Ms. Cochran served as our President and Chief Operating Officer since November 2010 and as our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from April 2009 to November 2010. Before joining us in April 2009, she was
 the Chief Executive Officer of Books-A-Million, Inc. Ms. Cochran has 29 years of experience in the retail industry and fourteen years of experience in the restaurant industry.

Ms. Masino joined us in August 2023 as Chief Executive Officer Elect. Prior to joining us, she served as President, International of Taco Bell, a subsidiary of Yum! Brands from January 2020 to
 June 2023. From January 2018 to December 2019, she served as President, North America of Taco Bell. Ms. Masino served as the President, SVP and GM Fisher-Price at Mattel, Inc. from April 2017 to January 2018. Prior to her service at Mattel, she
 served as the President and then the Chief Executive Officer of Sprinkles Cupcakes from 2014 to 2017. From 2002 to 2014, Ms. Masino served in various leadership roles at Starbucks Corporation. Ms. Masino has over 20 years of experience in the
 restaurant industry.

Mr. Pommells has been employed with us since December 2021 in his current capacity. From October 2020 to December 2021, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Red
 Lobster Seafood Company. Prior to serving as Chief Financial Officer of Red Lobster Seafood Company, he served as Senior Vice President, Finance and Strategy from January 2015 to October 2020. Prior to Red Lobster, he spent more than ten years with
 Darden Restaurants in various finance and business analytics roles. Mr. Pommells has more than 20 years of experience in the restaurant industry.

Mr. Spurgin joined us in January 2023 as Senior Vice President, Chief Restaurant Supply Chain Officer. Prior to January 2023, he served as the Chief Supply Chain Officer for Restaurant Growth
 Services. Prior to that, he was with The Cheesecake Factory and Bloomin Brands, where he led global procurement, logistics and international supply chain teams. He has over 30 years of supply chain experience.

29 

Table of Contents 

Ms. Daily has been employed with us as Senior Vice President, Retail since May 2012. Prior to May 2012, she served as Vice President for Ballard Designs, an internet and catalog home furnishings
 retailer that is part of HSN, Inc., where she was in charge of all merchandising and trends for the company. She has over 29 years of experience as a merchant with a number of retail organizations.

Ms. Spillyards-Schaefer has been employed with us since 2017 and assumed her current position in January 2022. From 2017 to 2021, she served in various capacities in both operations and home office
 functions including Regional Vice President of Restaurant Operations and Vice President of Culinary. Ms. Spillyards-Schaefer has over 20 years of experience in the restaurant industry.

Mr. Wolfson has been employed with us in his current capacity since July 2017. From January 2006 to April 2017, he served as Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary at CLARCOR Inc.,
 an industrial company. From 2001 to 2006, he was a partner of the InterAmerican Group, an advisory services and private equity firm. Mr. Wolfson has over 30 years of legal experience.

Mr. Hoffmeister joined us in January 2021 as Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer. Prior to joining us, he worked at Marriott International for over 30 years where he served in a
 number of finance and technology executive positions, including Senior Vice President of Lodging Finance, Senior Vice President of Global Revenue Management and his most recent role as Global Chief Information Officer.

Ms. Roberts has been employed with us since 2012 and assumed her current position in May 2020. Prior to her current role, she held other positions in the human resources and legal departments
 including Vice President of Human Resources and Vice President and Deputy General Counsel. Before joining us, she practiced law for ten years, most recently as a partner focused on commercial litigation and employment law.

PART II

ITEM 5. 

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market Nasdaq under the symbol CBRL. There were 6,615 shareholders of record as of September 13, 2023.

See Note 4 to Consolidated Financial Statements with respect to dividend restrictions. See Dividends, Share Repurchases and Share-Based Compensation Awards under Part II, Item 7 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources for further information regarding our dividends.

See the table labeled Equity Compensation Plan Information to be contained in the 2023 Proxy Statement, incorporated by reference in Part III, Item 12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Part III, Item 12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated herein by this reference.

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 

There were no equity securities sold by the Company during the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as
 amended.

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

We did not repurchase any shares of our common stock in the fourth quarter ended July 28, 2023. On June 2, 2022, our Board of
 Directors approved the repurchase of up to 200,000 of our common stock with such authorization to expire on June 2, 2023. On June 2, 2023, our Board of Directors extended this repurchase authorization for an additional year.

ITEM 6. 

RESERVED

30 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7. 

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A provides information which management believes is relevant to an assessment and
 understanding of our consolidated results of operations and financial condition. MD A should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto. Readers should also carefully review the information presented
 under the section entitled Risk Factors and other cautionary statements in this report. All dollar amounts (other than per share amounts) reported or discussed in this MD A are shown in thousands. References in MD A to a year or quarter
 are to our fiscal year or quarter unless expressly noted or the context clearly indicates otherwise.

This overview summarizes the MD A, which includes the following sections:

Executive Overview a general description of our business, the restaurant and retail industries, our strategic priorities and our key performance indicators.

Results of Operations an analysis of our consolidated statements of income for the three years presented in our Consolidated Financial Statements.

Liquidity and Capital Resources an analysis of our primary sources of liquidity, capital expenditures and material commitments.

Critical Accounting Estimates a discussion of accounting policies that require critical judgments and estimates.

EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW

Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. (the Company, our or we is a publicly traded (Nasdaq: CBRL) company that, through its operations and those of certain subsidiaries, is principally
 engaged in the operation and development of the Cracker Barrel Old Country Store Cracker Barrel concept. Each Cracker Barrel store consists of a restaurant with a gift shop. The restaurants serve breakfast, lunch and dinner. The gift shop
 offers a variety of decorative and functional items specializing in rocking chairs, holiday gifts, toys, apparel and foods. As of September 13, 2023, the Company operated 661 Cracker Barrel stores located in 45 states. On October 19, 2019, the
 Company acquired 100 ownership of Maple Street Biscuit Company MSBC ), a breakfast and lunch fast casual concept. As of September 13, 2023, the Company operated 59 MSBC locations in ten states.

Strategic Priorities

Management believes that the Cracker Barrel brand remains one of the strongest and most differentiated brands in the restaurant industry, and we plan to continue to leverage and build on that
 strength as a core component of our business strategy.

Our long-term strategy remains centered on driving sustainable sales growth, continued business model improvements, building profitable Cracker Barrel and MSBC stores, and ultimately driving
 shareholder returns.

Our strategic priorities include the following:

Delivering an exceptional guest experience;

Emphasizing and protecting our strong value proposition;

Accelerating frequency of visits among our growth segments; and

Enhancing our business model through our cost savings program and investing in technology.

Additionally, during 2023, we continued our focus on generating shareholder returns by paying 5.20 per share in dividends for fiscal 2023 and declaring a dividend of 1.30 per share that was
 subsequently paid on August 8, 2023 to shareholders of record on July 21, 2023, totaling 144,302 dividends declared or paid in 2023, and repurchasing 17,449 in shares of our common stock.

31 

Table of Contents 

Key Performance Indicators

Management uses a number of key performance indicators to evaluate our operational and financial performance, including the following:

Comparable store restaurant sales increase/(decrease) : To calculate comparable store restaurant sales increase/(decrease), we determine total restaurant sales of stores open at least six full quarters before the beginning of the
 applicable period, measured on comparable calendar weeks. We then subtract total comparable store restaurant sales for the current year period from total comparable store restaurant sales for the applicable historical period to calculate the
 absolute dollar change. To calculate comparable store restaurant sales increase/(decrease), which we express as a percentage, we divide the absolute dollar change by the comparable store restaurant sales for the historical period.

Comparable store average restaurant sales : To calculate comparable store average restaurant sales, we determine total restaurant sales of stores open at least six full quarters before the beginning of the applicable period, measured
 on comparable calendar weeks, and divide by the number of comparable stores for the applicable period.

Comparable store retail sales increase/(decrease) : To calculate comparable store retail sales increase/(decrease), we determine total retail sales of stores open at least six full quarters before the beginning of the applicable
 period, measured on comparable calendar weeks. We then subtract total comparable store retail sales for the current year period from total comparable store retail sales for the applicable historical period to calculate the absolute dollar
 change. To calculate comparable store retail sales increase/(decrease), which we express as a percentage, we divide the absolute dollar change by the comparable store retail sales for the historical period.

Comparable store retail average weekly sales : To calculate comparable store average retail sales, we determine total retail sales of stores open at least six full quarters before the beginning of the applicable period, measured on
 comparable calendar weeks, and divide by the number of comparable stores for the applicable period.

Comparable restaurant guest traffic increase/(decrease) : To calculate comparable restaurant guest traffic increase/(decrease), we determine the number of entrees sold in our dine-in and off-premise business from stores open at least
 six full quarters at the beginning of the applicable period, measured on comparable calendar weeks. We then subtract total entrees sold for the current year period from total entrees sold for the applicable historical period to calculate the
 absolute numerical change. To calculate comparable restaurant guest traffic increase/(decrease), which we express as a percentage, we divide the absolute numerical change by the total entrees sold for the historical period.

Average check increase per guest : To calculate average check per guest, we determine comparable store restaurant sales, as described above, and divide by comparable guest traffic, as described above. We then subtract average check
 per guest for the current year period from average check per guest for the applicable historical period to calculate the absolute dollar change. The absolute dollar change is divided by the prior year average check number to calculate
 average check increase per guest, which we express as a percentage.

These performance indicators exclude the impact of new store openings and sales related to MSBC.

We use comparable store sales metrics as indicators of sales growth to evaluate how our established stores have performed over time. We use comparable restaurant guest traffic increase/(decrease) to
 evaluate how established stores have performed over time, excluding growth achieved through menu price and sales mix change. Finally, we use average check per guest to identify trends in guest preferences, as well as the effectiveness of menu
 changes. We believe these key performance indicators are useful for investors to provide a consistent comparison of sales results and trends across comparable periods within our core, established store base, unaffected by results of store openings,
 closings, and other transitional changes.

32 

Table of Contents 

Restaurant and Retail Industries

Our stores operate in both the restaurant and retail industries in the United States. The restaurant and retail industries are highly competitive with respect to quality, variety and price of the
 food products, availability of carryout and home delivery, internet and mobile ordering capabilities and retail merchandise offered. We compete with a significant number of national and regional restaurant and retail chains. Additionally, there are
 many segments within the restaurant industry, such as family dining, casual dining, full-service, fast casual and quick service, which often overlap and provide competition for widely diverse restaurant concepts. Cracker Barrel primarily operates in
 the full-service segment of the restaurant industry, and our growing MSBC concept operates in the fast casual segment. Competition also exists in securing prime real estate locations for new stores, in hiring qualified employees, in advertising, in
 the attractiveness of facilities and with competitors having similar menu offerings or convenience features. The restaurant and retail industries are often affected by changes in consumer taste and preference; national, regional or local economic
 conditions; demographic trends; traffic patterns; the type, number and location of competing restaurants and retailers; and consumers discretionary purchasing power.

Additionally, economic, seasonal and weather conditions affect the restaurant and retail industries. Adverse economic conditions, such as elevated inflation, and higher unemployment rates affect
 consumer discretionary income and dining and shopping habits. Historically, interstate tourist traffic and the propensity to dine out have been much higher during the summer months, thereby contributing to higher profits in our fourth quarter. 
 Retail sales, which are made substantially to our restaurant guests, are historically strongest in the second quarter, which includes the holiday shopping season.

Severe weather events such as hurricanes, floods, tornadoes, and winter storms may prevent or dissuade guests from visiting our stores, impair our ability to staff our stores or
 force us to temporarily close affected stores, adversely impacting our restaurant and retail sales. Additionally, severe drought conditions and associated restrictions on water use may impair restaurant operations or increase costs in locations
 affected by such conditions. Climate change, changing weather patterns or unpredictable weather patterns may increase the incidence of any of these events and otherwise also impact guest visitation patterns on a macro scale. In addition to its
 impact on store operations, severe weather may also disrupt our supply chain, both in distribution to ports and central warehouses and in distribution to local stores. In general, we
 believe that the geographic dispersion of our stores and multiple sources of distribution adequately mitigate the potential impact of severe weather and changing weather patterns on our stores, but our Board of Directors and management team
 continually monitor and reexamine these considerations in light of ongoing trends.

External Impacts to Our Operating Environment

Our operating results have been impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and other macroeconomic conditions. During 2021, our business began recovering from the COVID-19 pandemic, but we continued to see
 negative impacts on our sales and traffic as a result of both changes in consumer behavior and federal, state and local governmental authorities continuation of various restrictions on travel, group gatherings and dine-in services. Dining room
 service was operational to varying degrees, yet most locations were impacted at times by capacity restrictions, social distancing guidelines and decreased consumer demand for in-person dining. In 2022, the Company continued to recover from the
 COVID-19 pandemic; however, we believe outbreaks of new variants adversely impacted consumer demand in 2022. While our dining rooms operated without COVID-related restrictions in 2023, it is possible that renewed outbreaks, increases in cases and/or
 new variants of the disease, either as part of a national trend or on a more localized basis, could result in COVID-19-related restrictions including capacity restrictions or otherwise limit our dine-in services, or negatively affect consumer demand.
 In 2023 and 2022, we experienced inflationary conditions with respect to the cost for food, ingredients, retail merchandise, transportation, distribution, labor and utilities resulting, in part, from economic pressures related to the COVID-19
 pandemic.

33 

Table of Contents 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The following table highlights operating results over the past three years:

Relationship to Total Revenue

2023

2022

2021

Total revenue

100.0

100.0

100.0

Cost of goods sold (exclusive of depreciation and rent)

32.8

32.1

30.7

Labor and other related expenses

35.1

35.2

34.8

Other store operating expenses

23.2

23.2

24.0

General and administrative

5.0

4.8

5.2

Gain on sale and leaseback transactions

(7.7

Impairment and store closing costs

0.4

Operating income

3.5

4.7

13.0

Interest expense

0.5

0.3

2.0

Income before income taxes

3.0

4.4

11.0

Provision for income taxes

0.1

0.4

2.0

Net income

2.9

4.0

9.0

Total Revenue

The following table highlights the key components of revenue for the past three years:

2023

2022

2021

Revenue in dollars (1) :

Restaurant

2,740,866

2,565,628

2,227,246

Retail

701,942

702,158

594,198

Total revenue

3,442,808

3,267,786

2,821,444

Total revenue percentage increase

5.4

15.8

11.8

Total revenue by percentage relationships:

Restaurant

79.6

78.5

78.9

Retail

20.4

21.5

21.1

Comparable number of stores

659

659

655

Comparable store sales averages per store: (1) 

Restaurant

4,047

3,804

3,312

Retail

1,049

1,052

890

Total

5,096

4,856

4,202

Restaurant average weekly sales (2) 

77.7

72.9

63.4

Retail average weekly sales (2) 

20.3

20.3

17.2

Average check increase

9.8

7.0

3.1

Comparable restaurant guest traffic increase/(decrease) (3) 

(3.5

8.0

5.3

(1) Comparable store averages exclude MSBC.

(2) Average weekly sales are calculated by dividing net sales by operating weeks and include all stores except for MSBC.

(3) Comparable store sales and traffic consist of sales of stores open at least six full quarters at the beginning of the period and are
 measured on comparable calendar weeks. Comparable store sales and traffic exclude MSBC.

Total revenue benefited from the opening of two new Cracker Barrel and 12 new MSBC units in 2023, the opening of seven new MSBC units in 2022 and two new units for both Cracker Barrel and MSBC in
 2021, partially offset by the closing of six Cracker Barrel and four MSBC units in 2023 and one Cracker Barrel unit in 2021. Additionally, in the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company acquired direct ownership of MSBC s seven franchised units from
 their respective franchisees.

34 

Table of Contents 

The following table highlights comparable store sales results over the past two years:

Period to Period 

 Increase (Decrease) 

2023 vs 2022

2022 vs 2021

(659 Stores)

(659 Stores)

Restaurant

6.3

15.0

Retail

(0.4

18.2

Restaurant Retail

4.9

15.7

Comparable store sales consist of sales of stores open at least six full quarters at the beginning of the year, are measured on comparable calendar weeks and exclude MSBC.

Our comparable store restaurant sales increase in 2023 as compared to 2022 resulted from an average check increase of 9.8 (including an 8.6 average menu price increase) partially offset by a
 decrease in guest traffic of 3.5 . Off-premise sales represented approximately 20 of restaurant sales volumes in both 2023 and 2022. Our comparable store restaurant sales increase in 2022 as compared to 2021 resulted from an average check increase
 of 7.0 (including a 5.9 average menu price increase) and an increase in guest traffic of 8.0 . Off-premise sales represented approximately 24 of restaurant sales volumes in 2021 when a large number of restaurants were operating with limitations
 on or full prohibitions of dine-in services due to the COVID-19 pandemic.

Our retail sales are made primarily to our restaurant guests. The decrease in our comparable store retail sales in 2023 as compared to 2022 resulted
 primarily from the decrease in guest traffic partially offset by strong performance in the apparel merchandise category. The increase in our comparable store retail sales in 2022 as compared to 2021 resulted primarily from the increase in guest
 traffic and strong performance in the apparel and accessories, food and convenience, toys, d cor, and bed and bath merchandise categories.

Cost of Goods Sold (Exclusive of Depreciation and Rent)

The following table highlights the components of cost of goods sold in dollar amounts for the past three years:

2023

2022

2021

Cost of Goods Sold:

Restaurant

769,295

706,125

567,825

Retail

358,322

343,759

297,436

Total Cost of Goods Sold

1,127,617

1,049,884

865,261

The following table highlights restaurant cost of goods sold as a percentage of restaurant revenue for the past three years:

2023

2022

2021

Restaurant Cost of Goods Sold

28.1

27.5

25.5

The increase in restaurant cost of goods sold as a percentage of restaurant revenue in 2023 as compared to 2022 was primarily the result of higher cost menu items. The increase in restaurant cost of
 goods sold as a percentage of restaurant revenue in 2022 as compared to 2021 was primarily the result of commodity inflation of 13.1 partially offset by our menu price increase referenced above.

We presently expect the rate of commodity deflation to be approximately 1 to 2 in the first quarter of 2024.

The following table highlights retail cost of goods sold as a percentage of retail revenue for the past three years:

2023

2022

2021

Retail Cost of Goods Sold

51.1

49.0

50.1

35 

Table of Contents 

The year-to-year percentage change in 2023 as compared to 2022 resulted primarily from the following:

2023 Compared to 2022

 Increase as a Percentage

 of Total Retail Revenue

Markdowns

1.7

Freight expense

0.5

The increase in retail cost of goods sold as a percentage of retail revenue in 2023 as compared to 2022 resulted primarily from higher markdowns and higher freight expense.

The year-to-year percentage change in 2022 as compared to 2021 resulted from the following:

2022 Compared to 2021

 (Decrease) Increase as

 a Percentage of Total

 Retail Revenue

Markdowns

(1.4

Provision for obsolete inventory

0.4

The decrease in retail cost of goods sold as a percentage of retail revenue in 2022 as compared to 2021 resulted primarily from lower markdowns partially offset by the change in the provision for
 obsolete inventory.

Labor and Other Related Expenses

Labor and other related expenses include all direct and indirect labor and related costs incurred in store operations. The following table highlights labor and other related expenses as a percentage
 of total revenue for the past three years:

2023

2022

2021

Labor and other related expenses

35.1

35.2

34.8

The year-to-year percentage change in 2023 as compared to 2022 resulted from the following:

2023 Compared to 2022

 (Decrease) Increase as a

 Percentage of Total Revenue

Employee health care expense

(0.2

Store management compensation

(0.1

Store hourly labor

0.2

The decrease in employee health care expenses as a percentage of total revenue in 2023 as compared to 2022 resulted primarily from lower enrollment.

The decrease in store management compensation as a percentage of total revenue in 2023 as compared to 2022 was primarily driven by the increase in total revenue in 2023 partially offset by wage
 inflation.

The increase in store hourly labor expense as a percentage of total revenue in 2023 as compared to 2022 resulted primarily from wage inflation exceeding menu price increases and investments in
 additional labor hours to support the guest experience. In addition to menu price increases, we continue to partially offset inflationary pressures through labor productivity initiatives, and we presently expect the rate of wage inflation to be
 approximately 4.0 to 5.0 in the first quarter of 2024.

36 

Table of Contents 

The year-to-year percentage change in 2022 as compared to 2021 resulted from the following:

2022 Compared to 2021

 Increase (Decrease) as a 
 Percentage of Total Revenue

Store hourly labor

1.1

Store management compensation

(0.7

The increase in store hourly labor in 2022 as compared to 2021 as a percentage of total revenue resulted primarily from wage inflation exceeding menu price increases and lower productivity, i.e.,
 fewer guests served per labor hours incurred.

The decrease in store management compensation as a percentage of total revenue in 2022 as compared to 2021 was primarily driven by lower bonus expense in 2022 and the increase in total revenue in
 2022 partially offset by wage inflation. The lower bonus expense resulted from lower performance against financial objectives for certain components of the incentive plan in 2022 as compared to 2021.

Other Store Operating Expenses

Other store operating expenses include all store-level operating costs, the major components of which are occupancy costs, operating supplies, advertising, third-party delivery fees, credit card and
 gift card fees, real and personal property taxes and general insurance. Occupancy costs include maintenance, utilities, depreciation and rent.

The following table highlights other store operating expenses as a percentage of total revenue for the past three years:

2023

2022

2021

Other store operating expenses

23.2

23.2

24.0

Other store operating expenses as a percentage of total revenue in 2023 as compared to 2022 remained flat at 23.2 .

The year-to-year percentage change in 2022 as compared to 2021 resulted primarily from the following:

2022 Compared to 2021

 (Decrease) Increase as a

 Percentage of Total Revenue

Store occupancy costs

(0.7

Advertising

(0.2

Other store expenses

0.2

The decreases in store occupancy costs and advertising expenses as a percentage of total revenue for 2022 as compared to 2021 were primarily driven by the increase in total revenue in 2022. 
 Additionally, the decrease in store occupancy costs was partially offset by higher maintenance expenditures, which were the result of increased repair costs associated with limited availability of replacement equipment.

The increase in other store expenses as a percentage of total revenue for 2022 as compared to the same period in the prior year resulted primarily from costs associated with the expansion of our
 off-premise business.

General and Administrative Expenses

The following table highlights general and administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenue for the past three years:

2023

2022

2021

General and administrative expenses

5.0

4.8

5.2

37 

Table of Contents 

The year-to-year percentage change in 2023 as compared to 2022 resulted from higher corporate-level incentive compensation resulting from better performance against financial objectives in 2023 as
 compared to 2022.

The year-to-year percentage change in 2022 as compared to 2021 resulted from lower incentive compensation. The decrease in incentive compensation as a percentage of total revenue in 2022 as compared
 to 2021 was primarily the result of lower performance against financial objectives in 2022 as compared to 2021.

Gain on Sale and Leaseback Transactions

On July 29, 2020, we entered into a sale and leaseback transaction involving 64 of our owned Cracker Barrel properties and recorded a gain of 69,954. On August 4, 2020, we entered into a second
 sale and leaseback transaction involving 62 of our owned Cracker Barrel stores and recorded a gain of 217,722. See Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding these sale and leaseback transactions.

Impairment and Store Closing Costs

During 2023, we recorded impairment charges of 11,692 as a result of the deterioration in operating performance of six Cracker Barrel locations. Additionally, during 2023, we incurred costs of
 2,307 in connection with the closure of six Cracker Barrel and four MSBC locations because of poor operating performance.

Impairment and store closing costs consisted of the following:

2023

Impairment

11,692

Store closing costs

2,307

Total

13,999

Interest Expense

The following table highlights interest expense for the past three years:

2023

2022

2021

Interest expense

17,006

9,620

56,108

The year-to-year increase in 2023 as compared to 2022 resulted primarily from higher weighted average debt levels during 2023 and higher weighted average interest rates under our revolving credit
 facility.

The year-to-year decrease in 2022 as compared to 2021 resulted primarily from lower weighted average debt levels, lower weighted average interest rates and the prior year including costs associated
 with the termination of the Company s interest rate swaps.

Provision for Income Taxes

The following table highlights the provision for income taxes as a percentage of income before income taxes effective tax rate for the past three years:

2023

2022

2021

Effective tax rate

4.4

8.0

18.0

Our effective tax rate is lower than statutory rates primarily due to the benefit of tax credits. The decreases in our effective tax rate in 2023 as compared to 2022 and in 2022 as compared to 2021 reflect the impact
 of higher tax credits on lower income before income tax.

We presently expect our effective tax rate for 2024 to be approximately 6 .

38 

Table of Contents 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

The following table presents a summary of our cash flows for the last three years:

2023

2022

2021

Net cash provided by operating activities

250,457

205,253

301,903

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities

(124,319

(98,499

78,330

Net cash used in financing activities

(146,096

(206,242

(672,636

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents

(19,958

(99,488

(292,403

Our primary sources of liquidity are cash generated from our operations and our borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facility. Our internally generated cash, along with cash on hand at July
 29, 2022 and borrowings under our revolving credit facility, were sufficient to finance all of our growth, share repurchases, dividend payments, working capital needs, interest payments on long-term debt obligations and other cash payment obligations
 in 2023. We believe that cash at July 28, 2023, along with cash expected to be generated from our operating activities and the borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facility, will be sufficient to finance our continuing operations, our
 continuing expansion plans, debt service, dividend payments and working capital needs for the next twelve months. Furthermore, we believe that cash expected to be generated from our operating activities and the borrowing capacity under our revolving
 credit facility will be sufficient to finance our continuing operations, capital expenditures, interest expense on long-term debt obligations, operating lease obligations, continuing expansion plans and working capital needs beyond the next twelve
 months.

A summary of our contractual cash obligations and commitments as of July 28, 2023, is as follows:

Payments due by Years

Contractual Obligations (a) 

Total

2024

2025-2026

2027-2028

After 2028

2022 Revolving Credit Facility (b) 

120,000 

120,000 

Convertible Debt (c) 

305,625

1,875

303,750

Leases (d) 

1,134,447

82,360

144,086

134,309

773,692

Purchase obligations (e) 

156,455

108,561

29,946

13,831

4,117

Other long-term obligations (f) 

32,366

2,711

76

29,579

Total contractual cash obligations

1,748,893

192,796

480,493

268,216

807,388

Amount of Commitment Expirations by Years

Total

2024

2025-2026

2027-2028

After 2028

2022 Revolving Credit Facility (b) 

700,000 

700,000 

Convertible Debt (c) 

300,000

300,000

Standby letters of credit (g) 

31,896

25,502

6,394

Total commitments

1,031,896

25,502

306,394

700,000

(a) 

At July 28, 2023, the entire liability for uncertain tax positions (including penalties and interest) is classified as a long-term liability. At this time, we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the amounts and timing of
 payments in individual years because of uncertainties in the timing of the effective settlement of tax positions. As such, the liability for uncertain tax positions of 17,572 is not included in the contractual cash obligations and
 commitments table above.

(b) 

Our 2022 Revolving Credit Facility expires on June 17, 2027. Using our weighted average interest rate of 6.79 at July 28, 2023 and the outstanding borrowings at July 28, 2023, we anticipate having interest payments of 8,398, 16,478 and
 7,243 in 2024, 2025-2026 and 2027, respectively. Based on our outstanding borrowings and our standby letters of credit at July 28, 2023 and our current unused commitment fee as defined in the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility, our unused
 commitment fees in 2024, 2025-2026 and 2027 would be 1,694, 3,325 and 1,462, respectively; however, the actual amount will differ based on actual usage of the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility.

(c)

Our 300,000 aggregate principal amount of 0.625 Convertible Senior Notes mature on June 15, 2026. The Notes bear cash interest at an annual rate of 0.625 , payable semi-annually in arrears on June 15 and
 December 15 of each year.

(d) 

Includes base lease terms and certain optional renewal periods for which, at the inception of the lease, it is reasonably certain that we will exercise.

(e) 

Purchase obligations consist of purchase orders for food and retail merchandise; purchase orders for capital expenditures, supplies, other operating needs and other services; and commitments under contracts for maintenance needs and other
 services. We have excluded contracts that do not contain minimum purchase obligations. We excluded long-term agreements for services and operating needs that can be cancelled within 60 days without penalty. We included long-term agreements
 and certain retail purchase orders for services and operating needs that can be cancelled with more than 60 days notice without penalty only through the term of the notice. We included long-term agreements for services and operating needs
 that only can be cancelled in the event of an uncured material breach or with a penalty through the entire term of the contract. Because of the uncertainties of seasonal demands and promotional calendar changes, our best estimate of usage
 for food, supplies and other operating needs and services is ratably over either the notice period or the remaining life of the contract, as applicable, unless we had better information available at the time related to each contract.

(f) 

Other long-term obligations include our Non-Qualified Savings Plan 27,129, with a corresponding long-term asset to fund the liability; see Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements), Deferred Compensation Plan 2,450) and our
 long-term incentive plans 2,787).

(g) 

Our standby letters of credit relate to securing reserved claims under workers compensation insurance and securing certain sale and leaseback transactions. Our standby letters of credit reduce our borrowing availability under our
 revolving credit facility.

39 

Table of Contents 

Cash Generated from Operations

The increase in net cash flow provided by operating activities in 2023 as compared to 2022 primarily reflected lower retail inventory partially offset by the timing of payments for accounts payable
 and certain taxes.

The decrease in net cash flow provided by operating activities in 2022 as compared to 2021 primarily reflected higher retail inventory, the timing of payments for certain taxes and higher bonus
 payments made in 2022 as a result of the prior year s performance. The higher retail inventory in 2022 as compared to 2021 was driven by unusually low retail inventory in 2021 resulting from market constraints on the availability of goods.

Capital Expenditures and Proceeds from Sale of Property and Equipment

The following table presents our capital expenditures (purchase of property and equipment), net of proceeds from insurance recoveries, for the last three years:

2023

2022

2021

Capital expenditures, net of proceeds from insurance recoveries

125,387

97,104

70,130

Our capital expenditures consisted primarily of capital investments for existing stores, new store locations and strategic initiatives. The increase in capital expenditures in 2023 from 2022
 resulted primarily from higher capital expenditures for existing stores and higher capital expenditures for strategic initiatives, including investments in digital and technology infrastructure and the development of a loyalty program. The increase
 in capital expenditures in 2022 from 2021 resulted primarily from higher capital expenditures for existing stores and an increase in the number of new store locations partially offset by lower capital expenditures for strategic initiatives.

We estimate that our capital expenditures during the first quarter of 2024 will be approximately 27,000 to 32,000. This estimate includes existing store maintenance and aging equipment
 replacement, the acquisition of sites and construction costs of one to two new Cracker Barrel stores and approximately four to five MSBC locations that we plan to open during the first quarter of 2024. We intend to fund our capital expenditures with
 cash generated by operations and cash on hand as the result of borrowings under our revolving credit facility, as necessary.

The following table presents our proceeds from sale of property and equipment for the last three years:

2023

2022

2021

Proceeds from sale of property and equipment

1,068

105

149,960

The increase in proceeds from sale of property and equipment in 2023 from 2022 resulted primarily from the sale of excess real property in 2023. In 2021, we completed a sale and leaseback
 transaction. The decrease in proceeds from sale of property and equipment in 2022 from 2021 resulted from the sale and leaseback transaction in 2021. See Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the sale
 and leaseback transaction.

Borrowing Capacity, Debt Covenants and Notes

On June 17, 2022, we entered into a five-year 700,000 revolving credit facility (the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility with substantially the same terms and financial covenants as our previous
 amended 800,000 revolving credit facility (the 2019 Revolving Credit Facility ). The 2022 Revolving Credit Facility also contains an option for the Company to increase the revolving credit facility by 200,000.

40 

Table of Contents 

The following table highlights our borrowing capacity and outstanding borrowings under the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility, our standby letters of credit and our borrowing availability under the 2022
 Revolving Credit Facility as of July 28, 2023:

July 28, 2023

Borrowing capacity under the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility

700,000

Less: Outstanding borrowings under the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility

120,000

Less: Standby letters of credit 

31,896

Borrowing availability under the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility

548,104

Our standby letters of credit relate to securing reserved claims under workers compensation insurance and securing certain sale and leaseback transactions. Our standby letters of credit reduce our borrowing
 availability under the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility.

During 2023, we borrowed 180,000 and repaid 190,000 under the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility. During 2022, in addition to the refinancing of the revolving credit facility, we borrowed 100,000 and
 repaid 55,000 of borrowings under the 2019 Revolving Credit Facility. During 2021, we repaid 924,395 under the 2019 Revolving Credit Facility and borrowed an additional 60,000 under the 2019 Revolving Credit Facility.

Our 2022 Revolving Credit Facility contains customary financial covenants, which include maintenance of a maximum consolidated total senior secured leverage ratio and a minimum consolidated interest
 coverage ratio. We were in compliance with the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility s financial covenants at July 28, 2023, and we expect to be in compliance with the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility s financial covenants for the remaining term of the
 facility.

On June 18, 2021, the Company issued and sold 300,000 in aggregate principal amount of 0.625 Convertible Senior Notes due 2026. The Notes are senior, unsecured obligations of the Company and
 bear cash interest at a rate of 0.625 per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on June 15 and December 15 of each year, beginning on December 15, 2021. The Notes mature on June 15, 2026, unless earlier converted, repurchased or redeemed. Net
 proceeds from the Notes were 291,125, after deducting the initial purchasers discounts and commissions and the Company s offering fees and expenses.

In connection with the issuance of the Notes, the Company entered into privately negotiated convertible note hedge transactions (the Convertible Note Hedge Transactions with certain of the
 initial purchasers of the Notes and/or their respective affiliates and other financial institutions (in this capacity, the Hedge Counterparties ), which cover, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments, the aggregate number of shares of the
 Company s common stock that initially underlie the Notes. Concurrently with the Company s entry into the Convertible Note Hedge Transactions, the Company also entered into separate, privately negotiated warrant transactions with the Hedge
 Counterparties collectively relating to the same number of shares of the Company s common stock underlying the Notes, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments, and for which the Company received premiums that partially offset the cost of
 entering into the Convertible Note Hedge Transactions (the Warrant Transactions ). The portion of the net proceeds to the Company from the offering of the Notes that was used to pay the premium on the Convertible Note Hedge Transactions, net of
 the proceeds to the Company from the Warrant Transactions, was approximately 30,300.

See Note 4 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on our long-term debt.

Dividends, Share Repurchases and Share-Based Compensation Awards

Our 2022 Revolving Credit Facility imposes restrictions on the amount of dividends we are permitted to pay and the amount of shares we are permitted to repurchase. Under the 2022 Revolving Credit
 Facility, provided there is no default existing and the total of our availability under the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility plus our cash and cash equivalents on hand is at least 100,000 (the Cash Availability ), we may declare and pay cash
 dividends on shares of our common stock and repurchase shares of our common stock (1) in an unlimited amount if at the time the dividend or the repurchase is made our consolidated total senior secured leverage ratio is 2.75 to 1.00 or less and (2) in
 an aggregate amount not to exceed 100,000 in any fiscal year if our consolidated total leverage ratio is greater than 2.75 to 1.00 at the time the dividend or repurchase is made; notwithstanding (1) and (2), so long as immediately after giving
 effect to the payment of any such dividends, Cash Availability is at least 100,000, we may declare and pay cash dividends on shares of our common stock in an aggregate amount not to exceed in any fiscal year the product of the aggregate amount of
 dividends declared in the fourth quarter of the immediately preceding fiscal year multiplied by four.

41 

Table of Contents 

In 2023, we paid regular dividends of 5.20 per share and declared a dividend of 1.30 per share that was subsequently paid on August 8, 2023 to shareholders of record on July 21, 2023. 
 Additionally, on August 29, 2023, our Board of Directors declared a dividend of 1.30 per share payable on November 7, 2023 to shareholders of record on October 20, 2023. In 2022, we paid regular dividends of 4.90 per share and declared a dividend
 of 1.30 per share that was subsequently paid on August 5, 2022 to shareholders of record on July 15, 2022. In 2021, in order to preserve available cash during the COVID-19 pandemic and in light of the uncertainties as to its duration and economic
 impact, we deferred the payment of the dividend of 1.30 per share declared in the third quarter of 2020 until the first quarter of 2021 and temporarily suspended future dividend payments. In the fourth quarter of 2021, in light of the ongoing
 recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic, our Board of Directors resumed our dividend program.

The following table highlights the dividends per share we paid for the last three years:

2023

2022

2021

Dividends per share paid

5.20

4.90

1.30

Our criteria for share repurchases are that they be accretive to expected net income per share and are within the limits imposed by our debt commitments. Subject to the limits
 imposed by our revolving credit facility, in September 2021, we were authorized by our Board of Directors to repurchase shares at the discretion of management up to 100,000. In the fourth quarter of 2022, we were authorized by our Board of
 Directors to repurchase shares of the Company s outstanding common stock at management s discretion up to a total value of 200,000 with such authorization to expire on June 2, 2023; this authorization replaced the previous unused portion of the
 previous 100,000 authorization and expired on June 2, 2023. On June 2, 2023, our Board of Directors extended this repurchase authorization for an additional year.

The following table highlights our share repurchases for the last three years:

2023

2022

2021

Shares of common stock repurchased

171,792

1,248,184

232,543

Cost of shares repurchased

17,449

131,542

35,000

Working Capital

In the restaurant industry, substantially all sales are either for cash or third-party credit card. Like many other restaurant companies, we are able to, and often do, operate with negative working
 capital. Restaurant inventories purchased through our principal food distributor are on terms of net zero days, while other restaurant inventories purchased locally are generally financed through trade credit at terms of 30 days or less. Because of
 our gift shop, which has a lower product turnover than the restaurant, we carry larger inventories than many other companies in the restaurant industry. Retail inventories are generally financed through trade credit at terms of 60 days or less. 
 These various trade terms are aided by rapid turnover of the restaurant inventory. Employees generally are paid on weekly or semi-monthly schedules in arrears for hours worked except for bonuses that are paid either quarterly or annually in
 arrears. Many other operating expenses have normal trade terms and certain expenses such as certain taxes and some benefits are deferred for longer periods of time.

The following table highlights our working capital deficit:

2023

2022

2021

Working capital deficit

(206,679

(185,048

(111,666

The change in working capital at July 28, 2023 compared to July 29, 2022 primarily reflected the decrease in retail inventory levels and the decrease in cash partially offset by the timing of
 payments for certain taxes. The decrease in cash resulted primarily from share repurchases during 2023.

The change in working capital at July 29, 2022 compared to July 30, 2021 primarily reflected the decrease in cash, higher accounts payable and the timing of payments for income taxes partially offset
 by higher inventory levels. The decrease in cash resulted primarily from higher share repurchases partially offset by net borrowings under of revolving credit facility.

42 

Table of Contents 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

We have no material off-balance sheet arrangements.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES

We prepare our Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions about future events and apply
 judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and related disclosures. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience, current trends, outside advice from parties believed to be experts in such
 matters and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other
 sources. However, because future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty, actual results could differ from those assumptions and estimates, and such differences could be material.

Our significant accounting policies are discussed in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Judgments and uncertainties affecting the application of those policies may result in materially
 different amounts being reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. Critical accounting estimates are those that:

management believes are most important to the accurate portrayal of both our financial condition and operating results; and

require management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain.

We consider the following accounting estimates to be most critical in understanding the judgments that are involved in preparing our Consolidated Financial Statements:

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets

Insurance Reserves

Retail Inventory Valuation

Lease Accounting

Management has reviewed these critical accounting estimates and related disclosures with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors.

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets

We assess the impairment of long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets is measured by
 comparing the carrying value of the asset to the undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the total expected future cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset, the carrying value is written down, for an
 asset to be held and used, to the estimated fair value or, for an asset to be disposed of, to the fair value, net of estimated costs of disposal. Any loss resulting from impairment is recognized by a charge to income. Judgments and estimates that
 we make related to the expected useful lives of long-lived assets and future cash flows are affected by factors such as changes in economic conditions and changes in operating performance. The accuracy of such provisions can vary materially from
 original estimates and management regularly monitors the adequacy of the provisions until final disposition occurs.

We have not made any material changes in our methodology for assessing impairments during the past three years and we do not believe that there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a
 material change in the estimates or assumptions used by us to assess impairment of long-lived assets. However, if actual results are not consistent with our estimates and assumptions used in estimating future cash flows and fair values of long-lived
 assets, we may be exposed to losses that could be material. During 2023, we recorded impairment charges of 11,692 as a result of the deterioration in operating performance of six Cracker Barrel locations.

43 

Table of Contents 

Insurance Reserves

We self-insure a significant portion of our expected workers compensation and general liability programs. We purchase insurance for individual workers compensation claims that exceed 750 or
 1,000 depending on the state in which the claim originated. We purchase insurance for individual general liability claims that exceed 500. We record a reserve for workers compensation and general liability for all unresolved claims and for an
 estimate of incurred but not reported IBNR claims. These reserves and estimates of IBNR claims are based upon a full scope actuarial study which is performed annually at the end of our third quarter and is adjusted by the actuarially determined
 losses and actual claims payments for the fourth quarter. Additionally, we perform limited scope actuarial studies on a quarterly basis to verify and/or modify our reserves. The reserves and losses in the actuarial study represent a range of
 possible outcomes within which no given estimate is more likely than any other estimate. As such, we record the losses in the lower half of that range and discount them to present value using a risk-free interest rate based on projected timing of
 payments. We also monitor actual claims development, including incurrence or settlement of individual large claims during the interim periods between actuarial studies as another means of estimating the adequacy of our reserves.

Our group health plans combine the use of self-insured and fully-insured programs. Benefits for any individual (employee or dependents) in the self-insured group health program are limited. We
 record a liability for the self-insured portion of our group health program for all unpaid claims based upon a loss development analysis derived from actual group health claims payment experience. We also record a liability for unpaid prescription
 drug claims based on historical experience.

Our accounting policies regarding insurance reserves include certain actuarial assumptions and management judgments regarding economic conditions, the frequency and severity of claims and claim
 development history and settlement practices. We have not made any material changes in the methodology used to establish our insurance reserves during the past three years and do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a
 material change in the estimates or assumptions used to calculate the insurance reserves. However, changes in these actuarial assumptions or management judgments in the future may produce materially different amounts of expense that would be
 reported under these insurance programs.

Retail Inventory Valuation

Cost of goods sold includes the cost of retail merchandise sold at our stores utilizing the retail inventory method RIM ). Under RIM, the valuation of our retail inventories is determined by
 applying a cost-to-retail ratio to the retail value of our inventories. Inherent in the RIM calculation are certain inputs, including initial markons, markups, markdowns and shrinkage, which may significantly impact the gross margin calculation as
 well as the ending inventory valuation.

Inventory valuation provisions are included for retail inventory obsolescence and retail inventory shrinkage. Retail inventory is reviewed on a quarterly basis for obsolescence and adjusted as
 appropriate based on assumptions made by management and judgment regarding inventory aging and future promotional activities. Retail inventory also includes an estimate of shrinkage that is adjusted upon physical inventory counts. Annual physical
 inventory counts are conducted based upon a cyclical inventory schedule. An estimate of shrinkage is recorded for the time period between physical inventory counts by using a two-year average of the physical inventories results on a store-by-store
 basis.

We have not made any material changes in the methodologies, estimates or assumptions related to our merchandise inventories during the past three years and do not believe there is a reasonable
 likelihood that there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions in the future. However, actual obsolescence or shrinkage recorded may produce materially different amounts than we have estimated.

Lease Accounting

We have ground leases for our leased stores and office space leases that are recorded as operating leases under various non-cancellable operating leases. Additionally, we lease our retail
 distribution center, advertising billboards, vehicle fleets, and certain equipment under various non-cancellable operating leases.

44 

Table of Contents 

We evaluate our leases at contract inception to determine whether we have the right to control use of the identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. If we determine that we
 have the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefit from use of the identified asset and the right to direct the use of the identified asset, we recognize a right-of-use asset and lease liability. Also, at contract inception, we
 evaluate our leases to estimate their expected term which includes renewal options that we are reasonably assured that we will exercise, and the classification of the lease as either an operating lease or a finance lease. Additionally, as our leases
 do not provide an implicit rate, we use our incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the time of commencement or modification date in determining the present value of lease payments. Assumptions used in determining our
 incremental borrowing rate include our implied credit rating and an estimate of secured borrowing rates based on comparable market data. We assess the impairment of the right-of-use asset at the asset group level whenever events or changes in
 circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable.

Changes in these assumptions and management judgments may produce materially different amounts in the recognition of the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities. Additionally, any loss resulting
 from an impairment of the right-of-use assets is recognized by a charge to income, which could be material.

ITEM 7A.

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

We are exposed to market risk, such as changes in interest rates and commodity prices. We do not hold or use derivative financial instruments for trading purposes.

Interest Rate Risk. We have interest rate risk relative to our outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility. At July 28, 2023 and July 29, 2022, our outstanding borrowings totaled
 120,000 and 130,000, respectively (see Note 4 to our Consolidated Financial Statements). Loans under the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility bear interest, at our election, either at the prime rate or a rate 0.5 in excess of the Federal Funds Rate or
 a rate 1.0 in excess of one-month Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR), in each case plus an applicable margin, or the one-, three-, or six-month per annum Term SOFR plus an applicable margin. Our policy has been to manage interest cost
 using a mix of fixed and variable rate debt (see Notes 4, 5 and 8 to our Consolidated Financial Statements). Additionally, in the fourth quarter of 2021, we issued and sold the Notes, which bear cash interest at a fixed rate of 0.625 per annum.

At July 28, 2023, the weighted average interest rate of our outstanding 120,000 borrowings was 6.79 . At July 29, 2022, the weighted average interest rate of our outstanding 130,000 borrowings was
 3.49 .

The impact of a one-percentage point increase in the 120,000 of our outstanding borrowings at July 28, 2023 is approximately 1,200.

Credit Risk. In June 2021, the Company issued the Notes and entered into the Convertible Note Hedge Transactions and the Warrant Transactions with the Hedge Counterparties. Subject to the movement
 in the Company s common stock price, the Company could be exposed to credit risk arising out of the net settlement of the Convertible Note Hedge Transactions and the Warrant Transactions in its favor. Based on the Company s review of the possible
 net settlements and the creditworthiness of the Hedge Counterparties and their affiliates, the Company believes it does not have a material exposure to credit risk as a result of these transactions at this time.

Commodity Price Risk. Many of the food products that we purchase are affected by commodity pricing and are, therefore, subject to price volatility caused by market conditions, weather, production
 problems, delivery difficulties and other factors which are outside our control and which are generally unpredictable.

The following table highlights the five food categories which accounted for the largest shares of our food purchases in 2023 and 2022:

Percentage of Food Purchases

2023

2022

Poultry

14 

12 

Fruits and vegetables

14 

12 

Dairy (including eggs)

13 

11 

Beef

11 

15 

Pork

10 

12 

45 

Table of Contents 

Other categories affected by the commodities markets, such as grains and seafood, may each account for as much as 8 of our food purchases. While some of our food items are produced to our
 proprietary specifications, our food items are based on generally available products, and if any existing suppliers fail, or are unable to deliver in quantities required by us, we believe that there are sufficient other quality suppliers in the
 marketplace that our sources of supply can be replaced as necessary to allow us to avoid any material adverse effects that could be caused by such unavailability. We also recognize, however, that commodity pricing is extremely volatile and can
 change unpredictably even over short periods of time. Changes in commodity prices would affect us and our competitors generally and depending on the terms and duration of supply contracts, sometimes simultaneously. We enter into contracts for
 certain of our products in an effort to minimize volatility of supply and pricing. In many cases, or over the longer term, we believe we will be able to pass through some or much of the increased commodity costs by adjusting our menu pricing. From
 time to time, competitive circumstances, or judgments about consumer acceptance of price increases, may limit menu price flexibility, and in those circumstances, increases in commodity prices can result in lower margins. In 2022 and 2023, we
 continued to partially offset commodity pressures through menu price increases and operational improvements.

46 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 8.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc.

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of July 28,
 2023, and July 29, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of income, consolidated statements of comprehensive income, consolidated statements of changes in shareholders' equity, and consolidated statements of cash flows, for each of the three
 years in the period ended July 28, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of July
 28, 2023, and July 29, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended July 28, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's
 internal control over financial reporting as of July 28, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
 Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated September 26, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting.

Change in Accounting Principle

As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has changed its method of accounting for debt with conversion options as of July 31,
 2021, due to adoption of Accounting Standards Update No. 2020-06, Debt - Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging - Contracts in Entity's Own Equity
 (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity's Own Equity . 

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial
 statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the
 Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
 assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
 or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting
 principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matter

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be
 communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
 does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which
 it relates.

47 

Table of Contents 

Commitments and Contingencies 
 Insurance Reserves Refer to Notes 1 and 14 to the financial statements 

Critical Audit Matter Description

The Company self-insures a significant portion of its workers compensation and general liability program and records a reserve for all unresolved
 claims and an estimate of incurred but not reported (IBNR) claims. These reserves and estimates of IBNR claims are based upon a full-scope actuarial study performed annually by management s specialist at the end of the third quarter and are adjusted by
 the actuarially determined losses and actual claims payments for the fourth quarter. The reserves and losses in the actuarial study represent a range of possible outcomes within which no given estimate is more likely than any other estimate. Using this
 information, the Company records the expected losses in the lower half of the range, which is discounted to present value using a risk-free interest rate. The Company also monitors actual claims development as another means of estimating the adequacy
 of the historical reserves.

We identified insurance reserves as a critical audit matter because estimating the reserve for all unresolved claims and IBNR claims involves
 significant estimation by management. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our actuarial specialists, when performing audit procedures to evaluate whether insurance reserves
 were appropriately recorded as of July 28, 2023 . 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit

Our audit procedures related to the insurance reserves included the following, among others:

We tested the effectiveness of controls related to insurance reserves, including management s controls over the claims data provided to the actuary and those over the estimation of unresolved
 claims and IBNR claims.

We evaluated the methods and assumptions used by management to estimate the insurance reserves by:

-

Reconciling the claims data to the actuarial analysis . 

-

Comparing management s selected insurance reserve estimates within the range provided by their third-party actuary to historical trends.

-

Performing a retrospective review by comparing the prior - year recorded amounts to the subsequent claim emergence.

-

Developing, with the assistance of our actuarial specialists, an independent range of estimates of the insurance reserves, utilizing paid and reported loss development factors from the
 Company s historical data and industry loss development factors as deemed necessary, and comparing our estimated range to management s estimates.

/s/ 

September 26, 2023

We have served as the Company's auditor since 1974.

48 

CRACKER BARREL OLD COUNTRY STORE, INC.

CONSOLIDATED
 BALANCE SHEETS

(In thousands except share data)

ASSETS

July 28, 2023

July 29, 2022

Current Assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

Accounts receivable

Income taxes receivable

Inventories

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

Total current assets

Property and Equipment:

Land

Buildings and improvements

Restaurant and other equipment

Leasehold improvements

Construction in progress

Total

Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization

Property and equipment net

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net

Goodwill

Intangible assets

Other assets

Total

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY

Current Liabilities:

Accounts payable

Current portion of long-term debt

Current operating lease liabilities

Taxes withheld and accrued

Accrued employee compensation

Accrued employee benefits

Deferred revenues

Dividend payable

Other current liabilities

Total current liabilities

Long-term debt

Long-term operating lease liabilities

Other long-term obligations

Deferred income taxes

Commitments and Contingencies (Notes 8 and 14)

Shareholders Equity:

Preferred stock shares of par value authorized; shares designated as Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock; shares issued

Common stock shares of par value authorized; 2023 shares
 issued and outstanding; 2022 
 shares issued and outstanding

Additional paid-in capital

Retained earnings

Total shareholders equity

Total

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

49 

Table of Contents 

CRACKER BARREL OLD COUNTRY STORE, INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
 INCOME 

(In thousands except share data)

 Fiscal years ended

July 28, 2023

July 29, 2022

July 30, 2021

Total revenue

Cost of goods sold (exclusive of depreciation and rent)

Labor and other related expenses

Other store operating expenses

General and administrative expenses

Gain on sale and leaseback transactions

Impairment and store closing costs

Operating income

Interest expense

Income before income taxes

Provision for income taxes 

Net income 

Net income per share basic

Net income per share diluted

Basic weighted average shares outstanding

Diluted weighted average shares outstanding

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

50 

Table of Contents 

CRACKER BARREL OLD COUNTRY STORE, INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
 COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

(In thousands)

 Fiscal years ended

July 28, 2023

July 29, 2022

July 30, 2021

Net income 

Other comprehensive income before income tax expense:

Change in fair value of interest rate swaps

Income tax expense 

Other comprehensive income, net of tax

Comprehensive income 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

51 

Table of Contents 

CRACKER BARREL OLD COUNTRY STORE, INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS 
 EQUITY

(In thousands except share data)

Common Stock

Additional

 Paid-In

Accumulated

 Other

 Comprehensive

Retained

Total

 Shareholders 

Shares

Amount

Capital

Income (Loss)

Earnings

Equity

Balances at July 31 , 2020

Comprehensive Income:

Net income 

Other comprehensive income, net of tax

Total comprehensive income 

Cash dividends declared - per share

Share-based compensation

Issuance of share-based compensation awards, net of shares withheld for employee taxes

Purchases and retirement of common stock 

Equity component value of convertible note issuance, net of tax 

Sale of common stock warrant 

Purchase of convertible note hedge

Balances at July 30 , 2021 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income, net of tax

Total comprehensive income 

Cash dividends declared - per share

Share-based compensation

Issuance of share-based compensation awards, net of shares withheld for employee taxes

Purchases and retirement of common stock

Cumulative-effect of change in accounting principle, net of taxes 

Balances at July 29 , 2022 

Net income

Other comprehensive income, net of tax

Total comprehensive income

Cash dividends declared - per share

Share-based compensation

Issuance of share-based compensation awards, net of shares withheld for employee taxes

Purchases and retirement of common stock

Balances at July 28 , 2023 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

52 

Table of Contents 

CRACKER BARREL OLD COUNTRY STORE, INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
 CASH FLOWS

(In thousands)

 Fiscal years ended

July 28, 2023

July 29, 2022

July 30, 2021

Cash flows from operating activities:

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:

Depreciation and amortization

Amortization of debt discount and issuance costs

Loss on disposition of property and equipment

Gain on sale and leaseback transactions

Impairment

Share-based compensation

Noncash lease expense

Amortization of asset recognized from gain on sale and leaseback transactions

Changes in assets and liabilities:

Accounts receivable

Income taxes receivable

Inventories

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

Other assets

Accounts payable

Current operating lease liabilities

Taxes withheld and accrued

Accrued employee compensation

Accrued employee benefits

Deferred revenues

Other current liabilities

Long-term operating lease liabilities

Other long-term obligations

Deferred income taxes

Net cash provided by operating activities

Cash flows from investing activities:

Purchase of property and equipment

Proceeds from insurance recoveries of property and equipment

Proceeds from sale of property and equipment

Acquisition of business, net of cash acquired

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities

Cash flows from financing activities:

Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt

Proceeds from issuance of convertible senior notes

Taxes withheld from issuance of share-based compensation awards

Principal payments under long-term debt

Proceeds from issuance of warrants

Purchase of convertible note hedge

Purchases and retirement of common stock

Deferred financing costs

Dividends on common stock

Net cash used in financing activities

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:

Cash paid during the year for:

Interest, net of amounts capitalized

Income taxes

Supplemental schedule of non-cash investing and financing activities:

Capital expenditures accrued in accounts payable

Change in fair value of interest rate swaps

Change in deferred tax asset for interest rate swaps

Dividends declared but not yet paid

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

53 

Table of Contents 

CRACKER BARREL OLD COUNTRY STORE, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(In thousands except share data)

54 

Table of Contents 

of retail inventories are valued using RIM. Retail inventories valued using RIM are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost of restaurant inventory and retail inventory valued using moving average cost are stated at the lower of cost and net
 realizable value. See Note 3 for additional information regarding the components of inventory.

average of the physical inventories results on a store-by-store
 basis.

- 

Restaurant and other equipment

- 

Leasehold improvements

- 

Depreciation expense related to store operations 

Cracker Barrel locations were determined to be impaired and the Company recorded an impairment
 charge of , which is included in the impairment and store closing costs line on the Consolidated Statement of Income . 

consisted of the Company s acquisition of its ownership of Maple Street Biscuit Company MSBC ), a breakfast and lunch fast casual concept. 

55 

Table of Contents 

. The costs of obtaining non-transferable
 liquor licenses that are directly issued by local government agencies for nominal fees are expensed as incurred. The costs of purchasing transferable liquor licenses through open markets in jurisdictions with a limited number of authorized liquor
 licenses are capitalized as indefinite-lived intangible assets. Liquor licenses capitalized as intangible assets were and , respectively, at July 28, 2023 and July 29, 2022. 

principal aggregate amount private offering of convertible Senior
 Notes due in 2026 (the Notes ). In accordance with accounting guidance on embedded conversion features indexed to and settled in equity, the Company valued and bifurcated the conversion option associated with the Notes from the respective host debt
 instrument. The carrying amount of the equity is recorded as a debt discount and represents the difference between the proceeds from the issuance of the Notes and the fair value of the liability component of the Notes. The significant assumptions
 used in the fair value of the liability component of the Notes were risk-free rate, discount rate based on the Company s implied credit spread and term of the Notes, expected volatility of the Company s stock price and dividend yield. The resulting
 debt discount on the Notes is amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method over the contractual term of the Notes. In addition, the debt issuance costs related to the issuance of the Notes were allocated between the liability and
 equity components based on their relative values. Debt issuance costs attributable to the liability component were recorded as a contra-liability and are presented net against the Notes balance on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. These
 costs are amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method over the term of the Notes.

.

56 

Table of Contents 

reportable operating segment (see Note 7 for additional information regarding segment reporting).

, , and , respectively. Revenue recognized in the Consolidated
 Statements of Income for 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for the redemption of gift cards which were included in the deferred revenue balance at the beginning of the fiscal year was , , and , respectively. Deferred revenue related to the Company s gift cards was 
 and , respectively, at July 28, 2023 and July 29, 2022.

or depending on the state in which the claim originates. The Company purchases insurance for individual general liability claims that exceed .

57 

Table of Contents 

with to optional renewal periods of 
 each. The Company uses a lease life that generally begins on the commencement date, including the rent holiday periods, and generally extends through certain renewal periods that can be exercised at the Company s option. During rent holiday
 periods, which include the pre-opening period during construction, the Company has possession of and access to the property, but is not obligated to, and normally does not, make rent payments. The Company has included lease renewal options in the
 lease term for calculations of the right-of-use asset and liability for which at the commencement of the lease it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise those renewal options. Additionally, some of the leases have contingent rent
 provisions and others require adjustments for inflation or index. Contingent rent is determined as a percentage of gross sales in excess of specified levels. The Company records a contingent rent liability and corresponding rent expense when it is
 probable sales have been achieved in amounts in excess of the specified levels. The Company s lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants . 

58 

Table of Contents 

as of July 28, 2023. Warrants were excluded from the
 computation of diluted earnings per share since the warrants strike price of was greater than the average market price of the
 Company s common stock during the period. See Note 13 for additional information regarding net income per share and Note 4 for additional information regarding the Company s convertible senior notes . 

59 

Table of Contents 

Total

Deferred compensation plan assets measured at net asset value

Total assets at fair value

aa

aa

aa

Total

Deferred compensation plan assets measured at net asset value

Total assets at fair value

aa 

aa 

aaa 

t have any liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at July 28, 2023 and July 29, 2022. The Company s money market fund investments are measured at fair value using quoted market prices. T he Company s deferred compensation plan assets are measured based on net asset value per share as a practical expedient to
 estimate fair value. The fair values of accounts receivable and accounts payable at July 28, 2023 and July 29, 2022, approximate their carrying
 amounts because of their short duration. The fair value of the Company s variable rate debt, based on quoted market prices, which are considered Level 1 inputs, approximates its
 carrying amounts at July 28, 2023 and July 29, 2022. 

convertible Senior Notes (see Note 4). The Company estimates the fair value of the Notes through consideration of quoted market prices of similar instruments, classified
 as Level 2 as described above. The estimated fair value of the Notes was and as of July 28, 2023 and July 29, 2022, respectively.

Cracker Barrel locations were determined to be impaired because of declining operating performance. Fair value of these locations was determined by sales prices of comparable assets or estimates of discounted future cash flows considering their
 highest and best use. Assumptions used in the cash flow model included projected annual revenue growth rates and projected cash flows, which can be affected by economic conditions and management s expectations. Additionally, changes in the local
 and national economies and markets for real estate and other assets can impact the sales prices of the assets. The Company has determined that the majority of the inputs used to value its long-lived assets held and used are unobservable inputs,
 and thus, are considered Level 3 inputs. Based on its analysis, the Company recorded an impairment charge of , which is included
 in the impairment and store closing costs line on the Consolidated Statement of Income.

Restaurant

Supplies

Total

60 

Table of Contents 

revolving credit facility (the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility with substantially the same
 terms and financial covenants as our previous amended revolving
 credit facility (the 2019 Revolving Credit Facility , which it replaced. The 2022 Revolving Credit Facility also contains an option to increase the revolving credit facility by . 

and , respectively, in outstanding borrowings under the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility and 2019 Revolving Credit Facility . 

of standby letters of credit, which reduce the Company s borrowing availability under the 2022 Revolving Credit
 Facility (see Note 14) . At July 28, 2023, the Company had in borrowing availability under the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility. 

in excess of the Federal Funds Rate plus an applicable margin based on certain specified financial ratios. At July 28, 2023, the weighted average interest rate on of the Company s outstanding borrowings was .
 At July 29, 2022, the weighted average interest rate on of the Company s outstanding borrowings was . 

(the Cash Availability ), the Company may declare and pay cash
 dividends on shares of its common stock and repurchase shares of its common stock (1) in an unlimited amount if, at the time such dividend or repurchase is made, the Company s consolidated total senior secured leverage ratio is to 1.00 or less and (2) in an aggregate amount not to exceed in any fiscal year if the Company s consolidated total leverage ratio is greater than to 1.00 at the time the dividend or repurchase is made; notwithstanding (1) and (2), so long as immediately after
 giving effect to the payment of any such dividends, Cash Availability is at least , the Company may declare and pay cash dividends on shares of its common stock in an aggregate amount not to exceed in any fiscal year the product of the aggregate amount of dividends declared in the fourth quarter of the
 immediately preceding fiscal year multiplied by . 

principal aggregate amount private offering
 of convertible Senior Notes due in 2026 (the Notes which included the exercise in
 full of the initial purchasers option to purchase up to an additional principal amount
 of the Notes. The Notes are governed by the terms of an indenture between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association as the Trustee. The Notes will mature on , unless earlier converted, repurchased or redeemed. The Notes bear cash interest at an annual rate of , payable in arrears on June 15 and December 15 of each year, beginning on December 15, 2021. 

calendar days during which such event of default
 has occurred and is continuing, at a specified rate for the first 90 days of per annum, and thereafter at a rate of per annum, on the
 principal amount of the Notes. 

61 

Table of Contents 

shares of the
 Company s common stock per principal amount of Notes, which represented an initial
 conversion price of approximately per share of the Company s common stock, a premium of
 over the last reported sale price of per share on June 15, 2021, the date on which the Notes were priced. The conversion rate is subject to customary adjustments upon the
 occurrence of certain events, including for the payment of dividends to holders of the Company s common stock. On July 28, 2023, the conversion rate, as adjusted, was shares of the Company s common stock per principal amount of Notes. In addition, if certain corporate events that constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change occur, then the conversion rate will, in certain circumstances, be increased for a specified period
 of time. 

, after deducting the
 initial purchasers discounts and commissions and the Company s offering fees and expenses. 

of the applicable conversion price of the Notes on at least of the last 
 consecutive trading days of the quarter, holders may in the immediate quarter following, convert all of a portion of their Notes. The holders of the Notes were not eligible to convert their Notes during 2023, 2022 or 2021. When a conversion notice is received, the Company has the option to pay or deliver the conversion amount entirely in cash
 or a combination of cash and shares of the Company s common stock. Accordingly, as of July 28, 2023 and July 29, 2022, 
 the Company could not be required to settle the Notes in cash and, therefore, the Notes are classified as long-term debt . 

Less: Debt issuance costs

Net carrying amount

. The following is a summary of interest expense for the Notes for the year ended July 28, 2023 and July 29, 2022 : 

Amortization of issuance costs

Total interest expense

shares, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments, and for which the Company received proceeds that partially offset the cost of entering into the Convertible Note Hedge Transactions (the Warrant Transactions ). 

62 

Table of Contents 

per share and is subject to certain adjustments under the terms of the Warrant Transactions. On July 28, 2023, the strike price, as adjusted, of the Warrant Transactions was adjusted to per share as a result of dividends declared since the Notes were issued. 

. The net costs incurred in connection with the Convertible Note Hedge Transactions and Warrant Transactions were recorded as a reduction to additional
 paid-in capital on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet during 2021. 

63 

Table of Contents 

Interest expense

Tax benefit

Provision for income taxes

Net of tax

gains
 or losses representing amounts excluded from the assessment of effectiveness were recognized in earnings in 2021.

. In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company was authorized by its Board of Directors to repurchase shares of the Company s outstanding common
 stock at management s discretion up to a total value of ; this authorization replaced the previous unused portion of the previous
 authorization. In 2023, the Company repurchased shares of its common stock in the open market at an aggregate cost of . In 2022, the
 Company repurchased shares of its common stock in the open market at an aggregate cost of . In 2021, the Company repurchased 
 shares of its common stock in conjunction with the Company s offering and sale of the Notes (see Note 4 for further information regarding the Notes) at an aggregate cost of .

related and substantially integrated product lines. The operating expenses of the restaurant and retail product lines of a Cracker Barrel store are shared and are
 indistinguishable in many respects. Accordingly, the Company manages its business on the basis of reportable operating segment. All
 of the Company s operations are located within the United States.

Retail

Total revenue

64 

Table of Contents 

and , respectively.

Short term lease cost

Variable lease cost

Total lease cost

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities

Noncash information:

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities

Lease
 modifications or reassessments increasing or decreasing right-of-use assets 

Lease modifications removing right-of-use assets

Years

Years

Years 

Weighted-average discount rate

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter

Total future minimum lease payments

Less imputed remaining interest

Total present value of operating lease liabilities

of its owned stores and its retail distribution center. Under the transactions, the land, buildings and improvements at the locations were sold and leased back for terms of and years, respectively. Equipment
 was not included. The leases include specified renewal options for up to additional years.

65 

Table of Contents 

of its owned Cracker Barrel stores. Under the transaction, the land, buildings and building improvements at the locations were sold and leased back for a term of years. The leases for these stores included specified renewal options for up to additional years. On July 29, 2020, the Company entered into an agreement with the original lessor and a third-party financier to obtain ownership of of the Cracker Barrel properties and
 simultaneously entered into a sale and leaseback transaction with the financier for an aggregate purchase price, net of closing costs, of .
 The Company purchased the remaining property for approximately . In connection with the sale and leaseback transaction, the Company
 entered into lease agreements for each of the properties for initial terms of years and renewal options up to years. The aggregate initial annual rent payment for the properties is approximately and includes annual rent increases over the initial lease
 terms. All the properties qualified for sale and leaseback and operating lease accounting classification and the Company recorded a gain on the sale and leaseback transaction of which is recorded in the gain on sale and leaseback transactions line in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The Company also recorded operating lease right-of-use
 assets and corresponding operating lease liabilities of and , respectively.

of its owned Cracker Barrel stores for an aggregate purchase price, net of closing costs, of . Under the transaction, the land, buildings and building improvements at the locations were sold and leased back for initial terms of years and renewal options up to years. The aggregate initial
 annual rent payment for the properties is approximately and includes annual rent increases over the initial lease terms. All of the properties qualified for sale and leaseback and operating lease accounting classification, and the Company
 recorded a gain of which is recorded in the gain on sale and leaseback transaction line in the Consolidated Statement of Income in
 the first quarter of 2021. The Company also recorded operating lease right-of-use assets, including a non-cash asset recognized as part of accounting for the transaction of , and corresponding operating lease liabilities of 
 and , respectively . 

additional awards could be granted under the Company s 2010
 Omnibus Incentive Stock and Incentive Plan (the Prior Plan ).

shares, the number of shares that were available for issuance as of September 24, 2020 (the Cutoff Date pursuant to the Prior Plan, plus the number of shares that
 became available for issuance pursuant to the terms of the Prior Plan following the Cutoff Date and prior to the effective date. However, this share reserve is increased by shares awarded under this and the Prior Plan which are forfeited, expired,
 settled for cash and shares withheld by the Company in payment of a tax withholding obligation after the effective date of the 2020 Omnibus Plan. Additionally, this share reserve was decreased by shares granted from the 2020 Omnibus Plan after the
 effective date. At July 28, 2023, the number of shares authorized for future issuance under the Company s active plan is . At
 July 28, 2023, the number of outstanding awards under the 2020 Omnibus Plan and the Prior Plan was and , respectively.

66 

Table of Contents 

. The fair value of the
 Company s nonvested stock awards which accrue dividends is equal to the market price of the Company s stock at the date of the grant. Dividends are forfeited for any nonvested stock awards that do not vest.

2022 LTPP

2022 LTPP

Granted

Vested

Forfeited

Unvested at July 28,
 2023

Weighted-average period in years

shares of its common stock resulting from the vesting of share-based compensation awards. Related tax withholding payments on these share-based compensation awards resulted in a net reduction to shareholders 
 equity of .

67 

Table of Contents 

preferred share purchase right (a Right for each outstanding share of common stock, par value per share, and adopted a shareholder rights plan, as set forth in the Rights Agreement dated as of (the Rights Agreement ), by and between the Company and American Stock Transfer
 Trust Company, LLC, as rights agent. The dividend was payable on to the shareholders of record on . The Rights Agreement replaced the Company s previous shareholder rights plan adopted in 2018 (the 2018 Plan ), and it became effective immediately following the expiration
 of the 2018 Plan at the close of business on . The 2018 Plan and the preferred share
 purchase rights issued thereunder expired by their own terms and shareholders of the Company were not entitled to any payment as a result of the expiration of the 2018 Plan. 

(the Exercise Price once the Rights become exercisable. This portion of a Preferred Share will give the shareholder approximately the same dividend and liquidation rights as would share of common stock. Prior to exercise, the Right does not give its holder any dividend, voting, or liquidation rights.

after the public announcement that a person or group has become an Acquiring Person by obtaining beneficial ownership of or more of the Company s outstanding common stock.

of the Rights were exercisable.

, purchase shares of the Company s common stock with a market value
 of , based on the market price of the common stock prior to such acquisition.

, purchase
 shares of the acquiring corporation with a market value of , based on the market price of the acquiring corporation s
 stock prior to such transaction.

68 

Table of Contents 

per share, or an amount equal to the dividend paid on one share of common stock, whichever is greater;

per share or an amount equal to the payment made on one share of common stock, whichever is greater;

per Right at any time before any person or group becomes an Acquiring Person. If the Board of Directors redeems any Rights, it must redeem all of the Rights. Once the Rights are
 redeemed, the only right of the holders of Rights will be to receive the redemption price of per Right. The redemption price will be
 adjusted if the Company has a stock split or stock dividends of its common stock.

business days and subject to a minimum condition of a majority of the outstanding shares and provide for a -business day subsequent offering period after consummation (such offers are referred to as qualifying offers ). If an offer includes shares of common stock of the offeror, the Rights
 would not interfere with such offer if such consideration consists solely of freely-tradeable common stock of a publicly-owned United States corporation; such common stock is listed or admitted to trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Nasdaq Global
 Select Market or Nasdaq Global Market; the offeror has already received stockholder approval to issue such common stock prior to the commencement of such offer or no such approval is or will be required; the offeror has no other class of voting stock
 outstanding; no person (including such person s affiliated and associated persons) beneficially owns twenty percent or more of the
 shares of common stock of the offeror then outstanding at the time of commencement of the offer or at any time during the term of the offer; and the offeror meets the registrant eligibility requirements for use of a registration statement on Form S-3
 for registering securities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, including the filing of all reports required to be filed pursuant to the Exchange Act in a timely manner during the twelve (12) calendar months prior to the date of
 commencement, and throughout the term, of such offer. In the event the Company receives a qualifying offer and the Board of Directors has not redeemed the Rights prior to the consummation of such offer, the consummation of the qualifying offer will
 not cause the offeror or its affiliates to become an Acquiring Person, and the Rights will immediately expire upon consummation of the qualifying offer . 

or more of the Company s outstanding common stock, the Board of Directors may extinguish the Rights by exchanging share of common stock or an equivalent security for each Right, other than Rights held by the Acquiring Person.

69 

Table of Contents 

will be made.

. 

of service and have attained the age of twenty-one . 

This plan allows eligible employees to defer receipt of up to of their compensation, as defined in the plan. The Company also
 sponsors a non-qualified defined contribution retirement plan Non-Qualified Savings Plan covering highly compensated employees, as defined in the plan. This plan allows eligible employees to defer receipt of up to of their base compensation and of their eligible bonuses,
 as defined in the plan.

of employee contributions for
 each participant in the 401(k) Savings Plan up to a total of of the employee s compensation and matched of employee contributions in the Non-Qualified Savings Plan up to a total of of the employee s compensation . Employee contributions vest
 immediately while Company contributions vest annually beginning on the first anniversary of a contribution date and are vested on the fifth anniversary of such contribution date. 

is included in other assets and the
 related liability to the participants of is included in other long-term obligations in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Company
 contributions under both plans are recorded as either labor and other related expenses or general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Income.

Non-Qualified Savings Plan

State

Deferred:

Federal

State

Total provision for income taxes 

70 

Table of Contents 

in 2023, 2022 and 2021 was as follows: 

State and local income taxes, net of federal benefit

Federal net operating loss benefit

Employer tax credits for FICA taxes paid on employee tip income

Other employer tax credits

Tax audit settlement 

Other-net

Total provision for income taxes 

Accrued liabilities

Operating lease liabilities

Insurance reserves

Inventory

Deferred tax credits and carryforwards

Other

Deferred tax assets

Deferred tax liabilities:

Property and equipment

Inventory

Operating lease right-of-use asset

Other

Deferred tax liabilities

Net deferred tax liability

reflecting federal income tax credit carryforwards that expire in 2043. The Company has state income tax net operating loss carryforwards NOL of 
 and has recorded a deferred tax asset of reflecting this benefit. These state NOLs generally expire in years beginning 2037 and
 after.

and , respectively. 

71 

Table of Contents 

Tax positions related to the current year:

 Additions

Reductions

Tax positions related to the prior year:

 Additions

Reductions

Settlements

Expiration of statute of limitations

Balance at end of year

, , and in interest and penalties accrued as of July 28, 2023, July 29, 2022,
 and July 30, 2021, respectively . 

, ) and in its provision for income taxes on July 28, 2023, July 29, 2022 and July 30, 2021, respectively . 

to within the next twelve months. At July 28, 2023, the Company was subject to income tax examinations for its U.S. federal income taxes after 2018 and for state and local
 income taxes generally after 2018 . 

Net income per share denominator:

Basic weighted average shares outstanding

Add potential dilution:

Nonvested stock awards and units

Diluted weighted average shares outstanding

72 

Table of Contents 

of standby letters of credit related to securing reserved
 claims under workers compensation insurance and the July 29, 2020 and August 4, 2021 sale and leaseback transactions. All standby letters of credit are renewable annually and reduce the Company s borrowing availability under its Revolving Credit
 facility (see Note 4).

73 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9. 

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

None.

ITEM 9A. 

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Our management, with the participation of our principal executive and financial officers, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of
 our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
 Financial Officer each concluded that, as of July 28, 2023, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective.

There have been no changes (including corrective actions with regard to material weaknesses) during the quarter ended July 28, 2023 in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)) that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act). We
 maintain a system of internal controls that is designed to provide reasonable assurance in a cost-effective manner as to the fair and reliable preparation and presentation of the consolidated financial statements, as well as to safeguard assets
 from unauthorized use or disposition.

Our control environment is the foundation for our system of internal control over financial reporting and is embodied in our Corporate Governance Guidelines and our Code of Business Conduct and
 Ethics, both of which may be viewed on our website. They set the tone for our organization and include factors such as integrity and ethical values. Our internal control over financial reporting is supported by formal policies and procedures,
 which are reviewed, modified and improved as changes occur in business conditions and operations. Neither our disclosure controls and procedures nor our internal controls, however, can or will prevent all errors or fraud. A control system, no
 matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the benefits of controls relative to their
 costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected.

We conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated
 Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. This evaluation included review of the documentation of controls, evaluation of the design effectiveness of controls, testing of the
 operating effectiveness of controls and a conclusion based on this evaluation. We have concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of July 28, 2023, based on these criteria.

74 

Table of Contents 

In addition, Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting, which is included
 herein.

/s/Sandra B. Cochran 

Sandra B. Cochran

President and Chief Executive Officer

/s/Craig A. Pommells 

Craig A. Pommells

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc.

Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of July 28 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control
 Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting
 as of July 28, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended July 28, 2023 of the Company and our report
 dated September 26, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements and included an explanatory paragraph regarding the Company's adoption of Accounting Standards Update No. 2020-06, Debt -
 Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging - Contracts in Entity's Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity's Own Equity .

Basis for Opinion

The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s
 Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are
 required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained
 in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal
 control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

75 

Table of Contents 

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
 transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles,
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
 acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
 inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ Deloitte Touche LLP

Nashville, Tennessee

September 26, 2023

ITEM 9B. 

OTHER INFORMATION

During the fiscal quarter ended July 28, 2023, no director or officer of the Company adopted or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (in
 each case, as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K).

ITEM 9C. 

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS

None

PART III

ITEM 10. 

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The information required by this Item with respect to directors of the Company is incorporated herein by this reference to the following sections of the 2023 Proxy Statement: Board of
 Directors and Committees, Proposal 1: Election of Directors, Certain Relationships and Related Transactions Code of Ethics and, if applicable, Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports. The information required by this Item with respect to
 executive officers of the Company is set forth in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading Information About our Executive Officers. 

The Company has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all directors, officers and employees. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available on our website at www.crackerbarrel.com 
 under the Investors Corporate Governance section. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirements under the Exchange Act regarding amendment to, or waiver from a material provision of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics involving our
 principal executive, financial or accounting officer or controller by posting such information on our website.

76 

Table of Contents 

The Company has adopted a Statement of Policy Regarding Insider Trading and integrated Special Trading Procedures Policy that governs the purchase, sale, and/or other dispositions of the
 Company s securities by directors, officers and employees that is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and any listing standards applicable to the Company. A copy of the Company s
 Statement of Policy Regarding Insider Trading and integrated Special Trading Procedures Policy is filed as Exhibit 19 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

ITEM 11. 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by this reference to the following sections of the 2023 Proxy Statement: Executive Compensation and Board of Directors and
 Committees Compensation of Directors. The Compensation Committee Report set forth in the section of the 2023 Proxy Statement entitled Executive Compensation is deemed to be furnished and is not,
 and shall not be deemed to be, filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act.

ITEM 12. 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by this reference to the sections entitled Stock Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Equity Compensation
 Plan Information in the 2023 Proxy Statement.

ITEM 13. 

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by this reference to the sections entitled "Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence in the 2023
 Proxy Statement.

ITEM 14. 

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by this reference to the sections entitled Fees Paid to Auditors and Audit Committee Report in the 2023 Proxy Statement. No
 other portion of the section of the 2023 Proxy Statement entitled Audit Committee Report is, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Deloitte Touche LLP (PCAOB ID No. 34 is our principal accountant.

PART IV

ITEM 15. 

EXHIBITS, AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

(a)

List of documents filed as part of this report:

1.

All financial statements see Item 8.

2.

All schedules have been omitted since they are either not required or not applicable, or the required information is included.

3.

The exhibits listed in the accompanying Index to Exhibits immediately prior to the signature page to this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

INDEX TO EXHIBITS

Exhibit 

3(I), 4(a)

Amended and Restated Charter of Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. (1) 

3(II), 4(b)

Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. (2) 

4(c)

Rights Agreement, dated as of April 9, 2021, between Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. and American
 Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as rights agent (3) 

77 

Table of Contents 

4(d), 10(a)

Indenture, as of June 18, 2021, between Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc., as issuer, and U.S. Bank
 National Association, as trustee (4) 

4(e)

Form of 0.625 Convertible Senior Note due 2026 (5) 

4(f)

Description of Capital Stock (6) 

10(b)

Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 17, 2022, among Cracker Barrel Old Country
 Store, Inc., the Subsidiary Guarantors named therein, the Lenders party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent (7) 

10(c)

Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. Corporate Policy Severance Benefits Policy (as amended to date) (8) 

10(d)

Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. 2010 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan (9) 

10(e)

Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan (10) 

10(f)

Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. Form of Performance-Based Stock Unit Award (11) 

10(g)

Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. Non-Qualified Savings Plan (as amended to date) (12) 

10(h)

Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan (13) 

10(i)

Amendment to Deferred Compensation Plan 
 (14) 

10(j)

Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. Form of Restricted Stock Award Notice (15) 

10(k)

Form of Severance Agreement between Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc., and certain of its named executive
 officers (16) 

10(l)

Form of Change of Control Agreement between Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc., and certain of its named
 executive officers (17) 

10(m)

Agreement for Purchase and Sale of Real Property, dated May 28, 2020 (18) 

10(n)

First Amendment for Purchase and Sale of Real Property, dated July 29, 2020 (19) 

10(o)

Amended and Restated Master Lease Agreement, dated as of August 4, 2020 (20) 

10(p)

Master Lease Agreement, dated as of November 11, 2020 (21) 

10(q)

First Amendment to Amended and Restated Master Lease Agreement, dated as of November 11, 2020 (22) 

10(r)

Form of Convertible Note Hedge Transactions Confirmation (23) 

10(s)

Form of Warrant Transactions Confirmation (24) 

10(t)

Nomination and Cooperation Agreement dated September 28, 2022, by and among Cracker
 Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. and the persons and entities listed on Schedule A thereto (25) 

10(u)

Employment Agreement dated as July 17, 2023, between the Company and Julie Masino (26) 

10(v)

Employment Agreement dated as of July 17, 2023, between the Company and Sandra B.
 Cochran (27) 

10(y)

Supplemental Severance Agreement
 dated as of September 21, 2023, between the Company and Craig Pommells (filed herewith) 

78 

Table of Contents 

10(w)

Form of Transitional Letter Agreement between the Company and certain executive
 officers of the Company (28) 

10(x)

Form of Consulting Agreement between the Company and certain executives of the
 Company (29) 

19

Insider Trading Policy (filed herewith) 

21

Subsidiaries of the Registrant (filed herewith) 

23

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm -
 Deloitte Touche LLP (filed herewith) 

31.1

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section
 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith) 

31.2

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section
 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith) 

32.1

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section
 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith) 

32.2

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section
 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith) 

97 

Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc.
 Nasdaq Executive Compensation Recovery Policy (filed herewith) 

101.INS

Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

101.SCH

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema

101.CAL

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase

101.LAB

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase

101.PRE

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase

101.DEF

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase

104

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)

(1)

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed under the Exchange Act on April 10, 2012 (Commission File No. 000-25225).

(2)

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed under the Exchange Act on June 7, 2022.

(3)

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed under the Exchange Act on April 9, 2021.

(4)

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed under the Exchange Act on June 21, 2021.

(5)

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed under the Exchange Act on June 21, 2021.

(6)

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(f) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed under the Exchange Act for the fiscal year ended July 30, 2021.

(7)

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed under the Exchange Act on June 17, 2022.

79 

Table of Contents 

(8)

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed under the Exchange Act for the quarterly period ended May 1, 2009 (Commission File No. 000-25225).

(9)

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed under the Exchange Act on December 7, 2010 (Commission File No. 000-25225).

(10)

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed under the Exchange Act on November 23, 2020 (Commission File No. 001-25225).

(11)

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed under the Exchange Act on December 7, 2010 (Commission File No. 000-25225).

(12)

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(aa) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed under the Exchange Act for the fiscal year ended July 29, 2011 (Commission File No. 000-25225).

(13)

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(bb) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed under the Exchange Act for the fiscal year ended July 29, 2011 (Commission File No. 000-25225).

(14)

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(cc) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed under the Exchange Act for the fiscal year ended July 29, 2011 (Commission File No. 000-25225).

(15)

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed under the Exchange Act on July 31, 2013 (Commission File No. 000-25225).

(16)

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed under the Exchange Act for the quarterly period ended April 27, 2018 (Commission File No. 001-25225).

(17)

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed under the Exchange Act for the quarterly period ended April 27, 2018 (Commission File No. 001-25225).

(18)

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed under the Exchange Act on August 3, 2020.

(19)

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed under the Exchange Act on August 3, 2020.

(20)

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Amended Current Report on Form 8-K filed under the Exchange Act on August 5, 2020.

(21)

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed under the Exchange Act on December 3, 2020.

(22)

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed under the Exchange Act on December 3, 2020.

(23)

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed under the Exchange Act on June 21, 2021.

(24)

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed under the Exchange Act on June 21, 2021.

(25)

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed under the Exchange Act on September 28, 2022.

(26)

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed under the Exchange Act on July 18, 2023.

(27)

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed under the Exchange Act on July 18, 2023.

(28)

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed under the Exchange Act on July 18, 2023.

(29)

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed under the Exchange Act on July 18, 2023.

Denotes management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement.

Certain schedules and similar attachments have been omitted in reliance on Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the SEC upon request.

80 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on
 this 26 th day of September, 2023.

CRACKER BARREL OLD COUNTRY STORE, INC.

By:

/s/Sandra B. Cochran 

Sandra B. Cochran,

President and Chief Executive Officer

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant in the capacities on this 26 th day of September, 2023.

Name

Title

/s/Sandra B. Cochran 

 Sandra B. Cochran

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director

/s/Craig A. Pommells 

 Craig A. Pommells

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer

/s/Thomas H. Barr 

 Thomas H. Barr

Director

/s/Carl T. Berquist 

 Carl T. Berquist

Director

/s/Jody L. Bilney 

 Jody L. Bilney

Director

/s/Meg G. Crofton 

 Meg G. Crofton

Director

/s/Gilbert R. D vila 

 Gilbert R. D vila

Director

/s/William W. McCarten 

 William W. McCarten

Director and Chairman of the Board

/s/William W. Moreton 

 William W. Moreton

Director

/s/Coleman H. Peterson 

 Coleman H. Peterson

Director

/s/Gisel Ruiz 

 Gisel Ruiz

Director

/s/Darryl Wade 

 Darryl L. Wade

Director

/s/Andrea M. Weiss 

 Andrea M. Weiss

Director

81 

<EX-10.(Y)>
 2
 brhc20058683_ex10y.htm
 EXHIBIT 10(Y)

Exhibit 10(y) 

September 21, 2023

VIA PERSONAL DELIVERY 

Mr. Craig Pommells

 Senior Vice President Chief Financial Officer

 Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc.

 305 Hartmann Dr.

 Lebanon, TN 37087

Re: 

Supplemental Severance Agreement 

Dear Craig:

This letter agreement supersedes and replaces the letter agreement dated July 17, 2023 between you and Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. (the Company ). To incentivize your continued employment with the Company, the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors has authorized me to provide you with
 certain additional rights as outlined in this letter.

If at any time during the period of time set forth on Exhibit A to this letter (the Protected Period you undergo a Qualifying Termination , as such term and all other terms not otherwise defined herein are defined in that certain Severance Agreement between you and the Company dated December 7, 2021 Severance Agreement ), you will be entitled to receive a special lump sum cash payment as set forth on Exhibit A to this letter (the Extra
 Termination Payment ). The Extra Termination Payment would be in addition to the other severance payments provided for in the Severance Agreement.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if your employment relationship with the Company is terminated for Cause as defined in Exhibit B, you will not be entitled to the Extra Termination Payment, although you may still be entitled to other payments under the Severance Agreement. Note that the definition of Cause in Exhibit B is broader than
 the definition under the Severance Agreement.

The Extra Termination Payment will be considered an additional payment to you pursuant to the Severance Agreement, and all terms and conditions of the Severance Agreement
 (other than the definition of Cause will apply thereto and in respect thereof. Among other things, this means that (i) the Company s obligation to make the Extra Termination Payment is subject to your timely execution and delivery of the
 Release and your compliance with all restrictive covenants under Section 3 of the Severance Agreement, and (ii) Sections 5 through 13 of the Severance Agreement apply equally to this letter agreement and are incorporated herein by reference.

Mr. Craig Pommells

 September 21, 2023

 Page 2

If you are entitled to receive the Extra Termination Payment, it will be paid to you in a lump-sum on the first payroll period occurring on or after the 60th day
 following the date of your Qualifying Termination. The Extra Termination Payment will be subject to all applicable taxes, withholdings, and rights of set-off and recoupment under applicable law, the Severance Agreement and applicable Company
 policies.

For the avoidance of doubt, you will not be entitled to receive the Extra Termination Payment, and this letter agreement will be null and void and of no further effect,
 if (i) your Qualifying Termination takes effect prior to or following the expiration of the Protected Period, (ii) the termination of your employment does not constitute a Qualifying Termination under the Severance Agreement, including a
 termination for Cause as defined on Exhibit B hereto, (iii) you do not timely execute and deliver the Release or you violate your obligations under the Severance Agreement, or (iv) if your termination of employment occurs following a Change In
 Control, in which case the terms of that certain Change In Control Agreement between you and the Company dated December 7, 2021 CIC Agreement will apply. The termination of this letter agreement by itself will not impact your other rights or
 obligations under the Severance Agreement or the CIC Agreement, both of which will remain in full force and effect, but subject to the amendment set forth in the next paragraph.

Currently, the term Restricted Business under the Severance Agreement and the CIC Agreement is defined to mean any business within the United States that is engaging in the multi-unit restaurant business that offers full service dining . We both agree that this definition should instead be, and hereby is, amended and
 replaced in its entirety under both agreements to mean any of the following companies or any restaurant business directly or indirectly owned, franchised, or
 operated by any of them or their respective subsidiaries: Bloomin Brands, Inc., Brinker International, Inc., Cheesecake Factory, Inc., Darden Restaurants, Inc., Denny s Corporation, Dine Brands Global, Inc., First Watch Restaurant Group, Inc.,
 Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc., and/or Texas Roadhouse, Inc. 

If you are in agreement with the terms of this letter, kindly confirm by countersigning in the space indicated below and return a copy to Rich Wolfson. Please retain a
 copy for your records.

Sincerely,

/s/ Sandra B. Cochran

Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc.

Agreed and Accepted

Sandra B. Cochran

By: /s/ Craig Pommells

President and Chief Executive Officer

Name: Craig Pommells

Date: September 21, 2023

Mr. Craig Pommells

 September 21, 2023

 Page 3

Exhibit A

 Protected Period and Calculation of Termination Payment 

Craig Pommells

Effective Date of Qualifying Termination

Amount of Termination Payment

Prior to November 1, 2023

0

November 1, 2023 April 30, 2024

2,700,000

May 1, 2024 October 31, 2024

2,575,000

November 1, 2024 December 6, 2024

2,450,000

December 7, 2024 September 30, 2025

2,050,000

October 1, 2025 October 31, 2025

1,050,000

November 1, 2025 and after

0

The Termination Payment may not exceed an amount equal to three times the
 sum of your then-most recent base salary plus annual bonus and will be automatically reduced to one dollar less than such amount in the event that it would. 

Mr. Craig Pommells

 September 21, 2023

 Page 4

Exhibit B

Definition of Cause 

For purposes of determining whether a termination of your employment is a Qualifying Termination entitling you to the Extra Termination Payment, Cause will mean any of the following:

(A) Your personal
 dishonesty or willful misconduct in connection with any material aspect of your duties to the Company; 

(B) your breach of a
 fiduciary duty to the Company; 

(C) your conviction
 for, or pleading guilty or no contest to, any felony or crime involving moral turpitude; 

(D) your willful or
 intentional misconduct that causes (or is reasonably believed by the Company to have caused) material and demonstrable injury, monetarily, reputationally or otherwise, to the Company; 

(E) your material
 violation of any Company policy then in effect; or 

(F) your failure to (i)
 dedicate substantially the same level of effort, time, and attention to discharging your responsibilities as you have customarily demonstrated and dedicated prior to the date of this letter agreement, or (ii) adequately follow the material
 instructions or respond to the material requests of your supervisor, in each case as determined by a majority of the then-current members of the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors in their absolute discretion. 

</EX-10.(Y)>

<EX-19>
 3
 brhc20058683_ex19.htm
 EXHIBIT 19

Exhibit 19 

Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc.

 Statement of Policy Regarding Insider Trading

(applicable to all directors, Officers and Employees of the Company)

As a publicly traded company, Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. (together with its affiliates and subsidiaries, unless context otherwise requires, the Company has adopted this policy to set forth guidelines for purchases and sales of Company securities by directors, officers and employees who may have material nonpublic information about the Company and about other
 companies with which the Company works closely.

The purchase or sale of securities while in possession of material nonpublic information insider trading or the selective disclosure
 of such information to others who may trade or advise others to trade tipping is prohibited by U.S. federal and state laws. Insider trading or tipping also endangers the Company s
 reputation for integrity and ethical conduct a reputation that the Company and its employees and directors have all worked hard over decades to establish and cannot afford to have damaged.

This policy is designed to promote compliance with U.S. federal securities laws and to protect the Company, as well as our directors, officers and employees, from very serious liabilities,
 penalties and reputational damage that can result from violations of these laws. Potential penalties for insider trading violations include civil penalties of up to three times the profit gained or loss avoided, criminal fines of up to 5 million,
 and imprisonment for up to 20 years. In addition, if the Company or any person with supervisory authority fails to take appropriate steps to prevent an employee from engaging in insider trading, the Company or such person faces potential civil
 penalties of up to the greater of (x) 1 million or (y) three times the profits realized or losses avoided, and potential criminal fines of up to 25 million.

You should read this policy carefully to make sure you fully understand its requirements. Violation of this
 policy by any person may, in the case of a director, subject the director to dismissal proceedings and, in the case of an officer or employee, subject the officer or employee to disciplinary actions by the Company, including termination
 for cause. Additionally, any penalty even an investigation that does not result in prosecution can tarnish one s reputation and irreparably damage a career. 

Policy

 General Statement

It is the policy of the Company that no director, officer or other employee who is aware of material nonpublic information relating to the Company may, directly or through family members or other
 persons or or through entities controlled by such persons (a) buy or sell securities of the Company (other than pursuant to a pre-approved trading plan that complies with Rule 10b5-1 and the requirements of this policy with respect to such plans),
 or engage in any other action to take personal advantage of that information, or (b) pass that information on to others outside the Company, including family and friends. In addition, it is the policy of the Company that no director, officer or
 other employee of the Company who, in the course of working for the Company learns of material nonpublic information about a company with which the Company does business, including a customer or supplier of the Company, may trade in that company s
 securities until the information becomes public or is no longer material.

Trading Defined

Trading includes purchases and sales of shares of the Company s common stock, options, puts, calls and other similar securities. This policy includes trades made pursuant to any investment
 direction under employee benefit plans as well as trades in the open market. For example, sales of stock acquired through the Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan (or other stock plan) or transactions in
 self-directed portions of the Company s 401(k) plan are covered by this policy. This policy also applies to the exercise of options with an immediate sale of some or all of the shares through a broker. In addition, transactions involving securities
 held by or in the name of entities such as trusts, corporations and partnerships in which you have an interest, also may be restricted. If you have any questions about whether a transaction you are considering may be covered by this policy, you
 should seek advice from the Company s General Counsel, who has been designated as the compliance officer to monitor compliance with this policy.

Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans

Rule 10b5-1 presents an opportunity for you to establish arrangements to sell (or purchase) shares of the Company s common stock without being restricted by trading windows and black-out periods,
 even when there is undisclosed material information. Rule 10b5-1 will protect directors, officers and employees from insider trading liability for transactions under a previously established contract, plan or instruction to trade in the Company s
 common stock (a Trading Plan entered into in good faith and in accordance with the terms of Rule 10b5-1 and all applicable state laws and will be exempt from the trading restrictions
 set forth in this policy. All Trading Plans adopted by directors, officers and employees of the Company must be pre-cleared by the Company s General Counsel or his/her designee, and must comply with the Company s Individual Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan
 Guidelines, which is attached to this policy as Annex A .

Trading Plans do not exempt individuals from complying with Section 16 short-swing profit rules or liability. Furthermore, Trading Plans only provide an affirmative defense in
 the event there is an insider trading lawsuit. A Trading Plan will not prevent someone from bringing a lawsuit.

Tipping Liability

Officers, directors and employees must not pass material nonpublic information on to others or recommend to anyone the purchase or sale of any securities on the basis of such information. This
 practice, known as tipping , also violates the securities laws and can result in the same civil and criminal penalties that apply to insider trading, whether or not the employee derives any benefit from another s actions. To avoid tipping (or even
 creating the appearance of tipping) officers, directors and employees should be careful to avoid discussing material nonpublic information in any place where they might be overheard i.e. , in coffee shops,
 elevators, or airplanes).

Application to Family Members of Company Employees

The same restrictions apply to family members and other persons living in an officer s, director s or employee s household. Officers, directors and employees are expected to be responsible for the
 compliance of the members of their immediate family and personal household. Transactions that may be necessary or justifiable for independent reasons (such as the need to raise money for an emergency expenditure) are no exception to the policy.
 Even the appearance of an improper transaction should be avoided to preserve the Company s reputation for adhering to the highest standards of conduct.

Anti-Hedging and Pledging Policy

The Company considers it inappropriate for any director, officer or employee to engage in transactions designed to hedge or offset any decrease in the market
 value of the Company s equity securities, including, but not limited to, through the use of financial instruments such as exchange funds, equity swaps, puts, calls, collars, forwards and other derivative instruments, or through the establishment of
 a short position in the Company s equity securities, and such transactions are prohibited.

Additionally, directors, officers and employees are not permitted to pledge or otherwise permit Company securities to become subject to a lien without
 obtaining the pre-clearance of the Company s General Counsel.

Definition of Material Nonpublic Information

Material Information

Information is material if there is a substantial likelihood that a reasonable investor could consider it important in deciding whether to buy, hold or sell a security. Therefore, any information
 that could reasonably be expected to affect the price of a security is material.

2 

Common examples of material information include projections of future earnings or losses i.e. , guidance), changes in guidance, financial performance, a
 pending or prospective merger, acquisition, sale transaction, or joint venture, a change in management or control of the Company, significant accounting developments or a change in the Company s auditors, actual or threatened litigation,
 cybersecurity breaches, securities offerings and other financing transactions, dividend information, and financial liquidity developments.

Both positive and negative information can be material. Because trading that receives scrutiny will be evaluated after the fact with the benefit of hindsight, questions concerning the materiality
 of particular information should be resolved in favor of materiality, and trading should be avoided. If an officer, director or employee learns something that leads them to want to buy or sell stock, that information will likely be considered
 material in any subsequent investigation or litigation.

Nonpublic Information

Nonpublic information is information that is not generally known or available to the public. Information is considered to be available to the public only when it has been released to the public
 through appropriate channels through which the Company communicates with investors (for example, by Company press releases or filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission) and enough time has elapsed to permit the investment market to
 absorb and evaluate the information. As a general rule, information is considered nonpublic until the second business day after public disclosure. Thus, you should refrain from trading or communicating such
 information until the second business day after the public announcement.

Any director, officer or employee who is unsure whether the information that they possess is material or nonpublic should consult the Company s General Counsel for guidance before trading in any Company securities.

Confidentiality Procedures

Maintaining the confidentiality of Company information is essential for competitive, security and other business reasons, as well as to comply with securities laws. All information that a director,
 officer or employee learns about the Company or its business plans is potentially inside information until publicly disclosed by the Company through official channels of communication. The director, officer or employee should treat all such
 information as confidential and proprietary to the Company. The director, officer or employee may not disclose it to others, including family members, other relatives or business or social acquaintances, who do not need to know it for legitimate
 business reasons. Directors, officers and employees who are in possession of material nonpublic information about the Company should therefore take steps to ensure that the confidentiality of such information is protected. Such steps may include
 adopting code names, using passwords for information stored in digital format, shredding physical copies of confidential documents, locking files and desk drawers containing sensitive information, labeling documents confidential, limiting the
 copying of sensitive documents and maintaining a record of other employees who request access to confidential documents or files.

Personal Responsibility; Assistance

Each director, officer and employee should remember that the ultimate responsibility for adhering to this policy and avoiding insider trading or tipping rests with such person. In this regard, it
 is important that each director, officer and employee use their best judgment. As noted above, violation of this policy may result in disciplinary action, up to and including dismissal proceedings, in the case of directors, and termination for
 cause, in the case of employees.

You should consult your legal and financial advisors as needed. Any action or direction on the part of the Company, the Company s General Counsel or his/her designee or any other employee or any
 director pursuant to this policy (or otherwise) does not constitute legal advice or insulate a person from liability under applicable securities laws . 

Compliance with this policy by all directors, officers and employees is of the utmost importance both for such
 person and for the Company. Any person who has any questions about the application of this policy to any particular situation should seek guidance from the Company s General Counsel. 

3 

ANNEX A 

Individual Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan Guidelines

The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission enacted Rule 10b5-1 (the Rule to provide directors, officers and employees, who are often
 in possession of material, nonpublic information Insiders ), with greater flexibility to engage in transactions in their company s stock. If Insiders follow the requirements of the Rule,
 Insiders will have an affirmative defense from insider trading liability for trades made under an effective written plan for trading securities (commonly referred to as a Rule 10b5-1 Plan). In each case, Insiders must act in good faith with respect
 to the Plan and not as part of a scheme to evade the prohibitions against unlawful insider trading.

As set forth in the Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. Statement of Policy Regarding Insider Trading (the Policy ), the Company
 permits its Insiders to purchase or sell shares of Company common stock pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan (a Plan under certain circumstances. The Company has set forth the following
 guidelines (the Guidelines to provide Insiders with clarity as to what parameters must be followed in order to adopt a Plan that is compliant with the Company s Policy. These Guidelines
 are in addition to, and not in lieu of, the requirements and conditions of the Rule. Any questions regarding the Guidelines should be directed to the Company s General Counsel.

1. Pre-Clearance . All Plans must be submitted in writing and pre-cleared by the Company s General Counsel at least five (5) trading days prior to the entry into the Plan. The
 Company reserves the right to withhold pre-clearance of any Plan that the Company determines is not consistent with the rules regarding such Plans. Notwithstanding any pre-clearance of a Plan, the Company assumes no liability for the consequences
 of any transaction made pursuant to such Plan.

2. Plan Adoption . All Plans must be entered into during an open trading window and when the Insider is not in possession of any material, nonpublic information.

3. Plan Format . All Plans must be in writing and must not allow the Insider to exercise any subsequent influence over how, when or whether to effect trades in Company securities
 under the Plan. Additionally, Plans must (a) expressly state the amount, price and dates on which transactions may be executed, (b) provide a written formula for determining amounts, prices and dates or (c) delegate discretion on those matters to
 an independent third party.

4. Cooling-Off Period .

A. If the Insider is a Company director or executive officer (as designated by the Board of Directors pursuant to Rule 16a-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (a Section 16 Person )), the Plan must not permit any trades to occur until the later of (a) 90 days following adoption or modification of the Plan or (b) two (2) business days following the
 disclosure of the Company s financial results in a Form 10-Q or Form 10-K for the fiscal quarter in which the Plan was adopted or modified (but, in any event, this required cooling-off period is subject to a maximum of 120 days after adoption of
 the Plan).

B. If the Insider is not a Section 16 Person, the Plan must not permit any trades to occur until the expiration of a cooling-off period of 30 days after the adoption or modification of
 such Plan.

5. Multiple Plans . Pursuant to the Rule, a person may only rely on the affirmative defense for a single-trade plan once during any consecutive 12-month period. A single-trade plan
 is a 10b5-1 trading plan designed to effect the purchase or sale of the total amount of the securities subject to the plan as a single transaction. Further, only one Plan may be in effect at any time, unless one of three exemptions is met, which
 are:

A. A person may enter into more than one Plan with different broker-dealers or other agents and treat the Plans as a single Plan so long as, when taken as a whole, the composite plan 
 complies with all of the rule s requirements;

B. A person may adopt one later-commencing Plan so long as trading under the later-commencing Plan is not authorized to begin until after all trades under the earlier-commencing Plan are
 completed or expire without execution. If the earlier-commencing Plan is terminated earlier, the later-commencing Plan must have a cooling-off period that starts when the first Plan terminates; and

C. A person may have an additional Plan set up solely to sell securities as necessary to satisfy tax-withholding obligations arising exclusively from the vesting of a compensatory award,
 otherwise known as a sell-to-cover transaction.

6. Trades Outside of the Plan . Once a Plan is established, Insiders may transact in securities that are not subject to the currently existing Plan. Such transactions continue to be
 subject to the Company s Policy, including, to the extent applicable, the pre-clearance provisions and procedures of the Company s Special Trading Procedures Policy, as applicable. Under no circumstances will open market purchases or sales, with
 opposite-way open market sales or purchases be permitted within the same six month period.

Supplementing the reporting requirements of Section 16(a) is the short-swing trading provision contained in Section 16(b) of the 1934 Act. Section 16(b) provides that any profit realized by an executive officer or
 director from any purchase and sale, or sale and purchase, of any equity security of the Company within any period of less than six months shall be recovered by the Company (referred to as disgorgement ). Unlike other provisions in the U.S.
 federal securities laws, disgorgement under Section 16(b) is required even if there is no intent by the insider to take unfair advantage of non-public information. In other words, transactions in the Company s securities within six months of one
 another can lead to disgorgement, irrespective of the reasons for or purposes of the transaction. The recovery for short-swing profits belongs to the Company and cannot be waived. Additionally, the 1934 Act authorizes stockholders to bring these
 actions under certain circumstances, and claims and/or lawsuits to that effect are invariably brought by stockholders represented by plaintiff s law firms promptly after any transactions requiring disgorgement.

It is irrelevant for Section 16(b) purposes whether the purchase or the sale comes first. Furthermore, courts will match the lowest purchase price with the highest sale price to maximize the disgorgement amount. Thus, although the executive
 officer or director may have realized an overall economic loss, they may be treated for Section 16(b) purposes as having realized a profit.

7. Plan Duration . The minimum duration of a Plan is six months and the maximum duration is two years.

8. Certification . When entering into a Plan, an Insider must certify that at the time of adoption of the Plan that the Insider: (1) is not aware of any material, non-public
 information; and (2) is adopting the Plan in good faith and not as part of a plan or scheme to evade the prohibitions of the Rule.

9. Modifications . Plan modifications are prohibited. As provided in the Rule, any modification or change to the amount, price, or timing of the purchase or sale of the securities
 underlying a Plan is a termination of such Plan and the adoption of a new Plan. In addition, a Plan modification, such as the substitution or removal of a broker that is executing trades pursuant to a Rule
 10b5-1 arrangement on behalf of the person, that changes the price or date on which purchases or sales are to be executed, is a termination of such Plan and the adoption of a new Plan.

10. Early Terminations . The early termination of a Plan could affect the availability of the Rule s affirmative defense for prior Plan transactions if the termination calls into
 question whether the Plan was entered into in good faith and not as part of a plan to avoid the insider trading rules. Because of this risk, early terminations are strongly discouraged. In the event an
 Insider determines to terminate a Plan early, every effort should be taken to terminate the Plan during an open window. Early termination of a Plan during a quiet (or blackout) period requires extenuating circumstances and is subject to legal
 review. In the event an Insider early terminates their Plan, such Insider (i) will be subject to the cooling-off period for the subsequent Plan that starts when the first Plan is terminated, as noted above, and (ii) may be (A) prohibited from
 adopting future Plans, (B) prohibited from transacting in securities outside of a Plan, or (C) subject to other restrictions at the sole discretion of the Company s General Counsel]

A-2 

11. Brokers and Broker Reporting . Each Plan must require the broker counterparty to promptly report to the
 Company s designated representative the details of every transaction executed under a Plan, but in any event, such detail shall be provided no later than one (1) trading day after the execution date. 

12. Public Disclosure of Plan Transactions . Transactions executed pursuant to a Plan will be indicated as such on the Insider s Form 4, if applicable. In addition, beginning with
 the first periodic filing that covers the Company s first full fiscal period that begins on or after April 1, 2023, the Company will be required to disclose in its periodic reports (i.e., 10-Qs and 10-Ks) the adoption, modification or termination
 of a Plan by any Section 16 Person during the last completed quarter, including a description of the material terms of such a Plan, other than terms with respect to price. Any Section 16 Person is required to
 confirm the adoption, modification or termination of a Plan to the General Counsel not later than the next business day after such action so that it can be appropriately disclosed by the Company, even if pre-clearance of such action was
 previously obtained. 

13. Securities Laws . A Plan does not relieve Insiders from their obligations to comply with the requirements of applicable securities laws. You will need to coordinate with your
 broker and the Company to ensure that all of these requirements are satisfied and that all required notices and reports are timely and accurately filed.

A-3 

Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc.

 Special trading Procedures Policy

(Applicable Only To Directors, Section 16 Officers and Other Employees Designated by the Company)

Concurrently with the adoption of this Special Trading Procedures Policy (this Trading Procedures Policy ), Cracker Barrel Old Country
 Store, Inc. (together with its affiliates and subsidiaries, unless context otherwise requires, the Company has adopted a Statement of Policy Regarding Insider Trading, including the
 Company s Individual Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan Guidelines attached as Annex A thereto (collectively, the Insider Trading Policy ), applicable to all Company directors, officers and
 employees, which also has been furnished to you. This Trading Procedures Policy places limitations, in addition to those included in the Insider Trading Policy, on transactions in Company
 securities for Covered Persons. Covered Persons includes directors, executive officers (as designated by the Board of Directors pursuant to Rule 16a-1 under the Securities Exchange Act
 of 1934, as amended), corporate officers (including all Vice Presidents of Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. and all Regional or District Vice Presidents of Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc.) and any employees who have regular access to
 material nonpublic information in the performance of their duties, a list of which (by title and/or by name) shall be maintained and periodically communicated to relevant individuals by the Company s Legal Department.

To provide assistance in preventing inadvertent violations and avoiding even the appearance of an improper transaction (which could result, for example, where a Covered Person engages in a trade
 while unaware of a pending major development), the procedures set forth below must be followed by all Covered Persons.

Window Periods and Preclearance

Covered Persons are prohibited from trading in the Company s securities except during open window periods (periods during which the window is opened by the Company). A window period typically
 commences on the second business day after the earnings release for each quarter is filed and ends on the first day of the third fiscal month of each fiscal quarter,
 except in the Company s second fiscal quarter in which the window period ends on or about December 15.

In unusual circumstances, the Company may close the window period before the dates described above. If you are subject to special closure of the window, you will be notified by the Company s legal
 department. However, the existence of a window closure generally will not be announced other than to those who are aware of the event giving rise to the closure. Accordingly, if you are notified of a special closure, that information is itself
 confidential, and you should not disclose the existence of the closure to others.

Window periods do not apply to stock option exercises or other periodic or regular savings or deferred compensation plan purchases, unless the Company has suspended such option exercises or
 purchases (which would occur only under unusual circumstances). Moreover, window periods do not apply to transactions pursuant to a previously submitted written plan approved by the Company s General Counsel, as consistent with Rule 10b5-1 and the
 Insider Trading Policy, or pursuant to the Company s Employee Stock Purchase Plan.

Window periods do apply to market sales of stock received pursuant to the Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan (or other stock plan) and transfers
 into or out of the self-directed portions of the Company s 401(k) plan. In addition, transactions involving Company securities held by or in the name of the spouse, children and other relatives of a Covered Person sharing their household, as well
 as other entities such as trusts, corporations and partnerships in which they have an interest, also are restricted.

It is Company policy that all transactions by the Company s directors, executive officers and other corporate officers (a group more narrow than the Covered Persons)
 involving Company securities must be specifically precleared by the Company s General Counsel.

If, upon requesting preclearance, a Covered Person is advised that Company securities may be traded, the Covered Person may buy or sell the securities within five
 business days after receiving permission, provided that the Covered Person does not acquire material nonpublic information during that time. If for any reason the trade is not executed within the five business days, preclearance must be
 obtained again before the securities may be traded. If, upon requesting preclearance or otherwise, a Covered Person is advised that the securities may not be traded, the Covered Person may not buy or sell any securities under any circumstances, or
 inform anyone within or outside the Company of the restriction. This trading restriction will remain in effect until the Covered Person subsequently receives preclearance to trade.

Section 16

Periodic Reporting

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act ), and rules promulgated under that section, requires
 each director and executive officer (as designated by the Board of Directors pursuant to Rule 16a-1 under the 1934 Act Section 16 Insiders and beneficial owners of more than
 10 any of the Company s equity securities to file reports of securities transactions with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Section 16 Insiders are required to make
 timely filings of their reports, as required by Section 16(a) of the 1934 Act, concerning their beneficial ownership and trading activities in the Company s securities. As in the past, the Company will prepare and file the Forms; however, it remains the responsibility of Section 16 Insiders to timely notify the Company of any stock transactions and to review, approve and sign the Forms . The following forms are required to be filed within the timeframe noted below:

Form 3 must be filed within 10 days when a person first a Section 16 Insider i.e. , such person becomes a director, officer or the beneficial owner of more
 than 10 of the Company s equity securities);

Form 4 must be filed within 2 business days of any change in the Section 16 Insider s beneficial ownership of the Company s equity securities; and

Form 5 must be filed within 45 days following the end of each fiscal year to report any transactions that were exempt from Form 4 reporting or with respect to which the Section 16 Insider failed to file a Form 4.

These forms, and complete information concerning the filing requirements, are available from the Company s Legal Department.

For purposes of the foregoing Forms, a Section 16 Insider may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of securities held by a partnership, corporation, trust or other entity over which they have a
 controlling influence, and special rules exist for fiduciaries and beneficiaries of trusts and partners of partnerships. Given the complex analysis involved making an assessment of beneficial ownership, questions regarding Section 16(a) reporting
 and beneficial ownership should be directed to the Company s Legal Department before the transaction so that an appropriate analysis can be made.

Short-Swing Profits

Supplementing the reporting requirements of Section 16(a) is the short-swing trading provision contained in Section 16(b) of the 1934 Act. Section 16(b) provides that any profit realized by an
 executive officer or director from any purchase and sale, or sale and purchase, of any equity security of the Company within any period of less than six months shall be recovered by the Company (referred to as disgorgement ). Unlike other
 provisions in the U.S. federal securities laws, disgorgement under Section 16(b) is required even if there is no intent by the insider to take unfair advantage of non-public information. In other words, transactions in the Company s securities
 within six months of one another can lead to disgorgement, irrespective of the reasons for or purposes of the transaction. The recovery for short-swing profits belongs to the Company and cannot be waived. Additionally, the 1934 Act authorizes
 stockholders to bring these actions under certain circumstances, and claims and/or lawsuits to that effect are invariably brought by stockholders represented by plaintiff s law firms promptly after any transactions requiring disgorgement.

2 

It is irrelevant for Section 16(b) purposes whether the purchase or the sale comes first. Furthermore, courts will match the lowest purchase price with the highest sale price to maximize the
 disgorgement amount. Thus, although the executive officer or director may have realized an overall economic loss, they may be treated for Section 16(b) purposes as having realized a profit.

Other Securities Law Restrictions

Covered Persons also should be aware that their sales of Company securities also may be limited by and subject to Rule 144 promulgated by the SEC. The Company will assist directors and officers
 with Rule 144 s reporting requirements. Questions about Rule 144 should be addressed to the General Counsel prior to the consummation of a transaction .

Compliance With the Insider Trading Policy

The procedures set forth in this Trading Procedures Policy are in addition to, and not a substitute for, the policies set forth in the
 Insider Trading Policy. A Covered Person is responsible for complying with both the Insider Trading Policy and this Trading Procedures Policy. Thus, even if a Covered Person receives
 preclearance and no blackout period is in effect, a Covered Person, their spouse and any member of their immediate family sharing their household may not tip or trade in Company securities if they are in possession of material nonpublic
 information about the Company.

If there are any questions regarding this Trading Procedures Policy or the Insider Trading Policy, or the Company s policy with respect
 to Rule 10b5-1 plans, please contact the Company s General Counsel.

3 

</EX-19>

<EX-21>
 4
 brhc20058683_ex21.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

EXHIBIT 21

Subsidiaries of the Registrant

The following is a list of the significant subsidiaries of the Registrant as of July 28, 2023, all of which are wholly-owned:

Parent 

State of

 Incorporation 

Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc.

Tennessee

Subsidiaries 

CBOCS Distribution, Inc.

(dba Cracker Barrel Old Country Store)

Tennessee

CBOCS Properties, Inc.

(dba Cracker Barrel Old Country Store)

Michigan

CBOCS West, Inc.

(dba Cracker Barrel Old Country Store)

Nevada

Rocking Chair, Inc.

Nevada

Agincourt Industries, LLC

(dba Maple Street Biscuit Company)

Florida

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 5
 brhc20058683_ex23.htm
 EXHIBIT 23

Exhibit 23

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-174744 on Form S-8 of our reports dated September 26, 2023, relating to the consolidated
 financial statements of Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc., and the effectiveness of Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cracker Barrel Old Country
 Store, Inc. for the year ended July 28, 2023.

/s/Deloitte Touche LLP 

Nashville, Tennessee

 September 26, 2023

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 brhc20058683_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Sandra B. Cochran, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc.;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
 misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and
 for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
 subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
 the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
 report based on such evaluation; and

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of
 directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report
 financial information; and

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Date: September 26, 2023 

/s/Sandra B. Cochran 

 Sandra B. Cochran, President and

 Chief Executive Officer

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 brhc20058683_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Craig A. Pommells, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc.;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
 misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and
 for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
 subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
 the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
 report based on such evaluation; and

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of
 directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report
 financial information; and

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Date: September 26, 2023 

/s/Craig A. Pommells 

 Craig A. Pommells, Senior Vice President

 and Chief Financial Officer

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 brhc20058683_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. (the Issuer on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 28, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Sandra
 B. Cochran, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Issuer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

1. 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

2. 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer.

Date: September 26, 2023 

By:

/s/Sandra B. Cochran 

Sandra B. Cochran

President and Chief Executive Officer

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 brhc20058683_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. (the Issuer on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 28, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Craig A.
 Pommells, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

1.

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

2.

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer.

Date: September 26, 2023 

By:

/s/Craig A. Pommells 

Craig A. Pommells

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

</EX-32.2>

<EX-97>
 10
 brhc20058683_ex97.htm
 EXHIBIT 97

Exhibit 97 

Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc.

 Nasdaq Executive Compensation Recovery Policy

1. Purpose. The purpose of this Nasdaq Executive Compensation Recovery Policy of the Company (as amended from time to time, the Policy ),
 dated as of September 21, 2023 (the Adoption Date is to describe the circumstances in which current and former Executive Officers will be required to repay or return
 Erroneously Awarded Compensation to members of the Company Group. The Company has adopted this Policy to comply with Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, as codified by Section 10D of the Exchange
 Act, Exchange Act Rule 10D-1 promulgated thereunder, and the rules and requirements of Nasdaq (including Rule 5608 of the Nasdaq listing rules) (such legal requirements, and rules and requirements of Nasdaq, collectively, the SEC/Nasdaq Clawback Rules ). 

2. Administration. This Policy shall be administered by the Committee. The Committee is authorized to interpret and construe this Policy and to make all determinations necessary, appropriate, or advisable for
 the administration of this Policy, and any such determinations made by the Committee shall be in the Committee s sole discretion and shall be final and binding on all affected individuals. Except as otherwise required by applicable legal
 requirements or the rules and requirements of Nasdaq, any determinations of the Committee hereunder need not be uniform with respect to one or more Executive Officers (whether current and/or former). 

3. Definitions. For purposes of this Policy, the following capitalized terms shall have the meanings set forth below: 

(a) Accounting Restatement shall mean an accounting restatement due to the material noncompliance of the Company with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, including any required accounting
 restatement (i) to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements, or (ii) that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period
 or left uncorrected in the current period. 

(b) 
 
 Board shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.

(c) Clawback Eligible Incentive Compensation shall mean all Incentive-Based Compensation Received by any current or former Executive Officer on or after Nasdaq Effective Date, provided that: 

(i) such Incentive-Based Compensation is Received after
 such individual began serving as an Executive Officer; 

(ii) such individual served as an Executive Officer at
 any time during the performance period for such Incentive-Based Compensation; 

(iii) such Incentive-Based Compensation is Received
 while the Company has a class of securities listed on Nasdaq; and 

(iv) such Incentive-Based Compensation is Received
 during the applicable Clawback Period. 

(d) Clawback Period shall mean, with respect to any Accounting Restatement, the three completed fiscal years of the Company immediately preceding the Restatement Date and any transition period (that results from a change
 in the Company s fiscal year) of less than nine months within or immediately following those three completed fiscal years. 

(e) Committee shall mean the Compensation Committee of the Board. 

(f) Common Stock shall mean the common stock, par value 0.01 per share, of the Company. 

(g) Company shall mean Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc., a Tennessee corporation. 

(h) Company Group shall mean the Company, together with each of its direct and indirect subsidiaries. 

(i) Erroneously Awarded Compensation shall mean, with respect to any current or former Executive Officer in connection with any Accounting Restatement, the amount of Clawback Eligible Incentive Compensation Received by
 such current or former Executive Officer that exceeds the amount of Clawback Eligible Incentive Compensation that otherwise would have been Received by such current or former Executive Officer had such Clawback Eligible Incentive Compensation
 been determined based on the restated amounts as reflected in connection with such Accounting Restatement, taking into account any discretion that the Committee had applied to determine the amount of Clawback Eligible Incentive Compensation
 originally Received and computed without regard to any taxes paid. 

(j) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

(k) Executive Officer shall mean any officer as defined in Rule 10D-1(d) (or any successor provision thereof) under the Exchange Act. 

(l) Financial Reporting Measures shall mean measures that are determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements, and any other measures that
 are derived wholly or in part from such measures. For purposes of this Policy, stock price and total shareholder return (and any measures that are derived wholly or in part from stock price or total shareholder return) shall be considered
 Financial Reporting Measures. For the avoidance of doubt, a Financial Reporting Measure need not be presented within the Company s financial statements or included in a filing with the SEC. 

(m) 
 
 Incentive-Based Compensation shall mean any compensation that is granted, earned or vested based
 wholly or in part upon the attainment of a Financial Reporting Measure.

(n) 
 
 Nasdaq shall mean the Nasdaq Global Select Market.

(o) 
 
 Nasdaq Effective Date shall mean October 2, 2023 (which is the effective date of the final Nasdaq
 listing standards).

(p) 
 
 Received shall mean when Incentive-Based Compensation is received, and Incentive-Based Compensation
 shall be deemed received in the Company s fiscal period during which the Financial Reporting Measure specified in the Incentive-Based Compensation award is attained, even if payment or grant of the Incentive-Based Compensation occurs after
 the end of that period.

(q) 
 
 Restatement Date shall mean the earlier to occur of (i) the date the Board, a committee of the Board
 or the officers of the Company authorized to take such action if Board action is not required, concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement, or (ii) the date a court,
 regulator or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare an Accounting Restatement.

(r) 
 
 SEC shall mean the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

4. 
 
 Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation.

(a) In the event that the Company is required to prepare
 an Accounting Restatement, (i) the Committee shall determine the amount of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation for each applicable current or former Executive Officer (whether or not such individual is serving as an Executive Officer at such
 time) (the Applicable Executives in connection with such Accounting Restatement, and (ii) the Company will reasonably promptly require the recovery of such
 Erroneously Awarded Compensation from any such Applicable Executive, and any such Applicable Executive shall surrender such Erroneously Awarded Compensation to the Company, at such time(s), and via such method(s), as determined by the Committee
 in accordance with the terms of this Policy. 

(b) For Incentive-Based Compensation based on (or
 derived from) stock price or total shareholder return where the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in the applicable Accounting Restatement, (i) such amount shall
 be determined by the Committee based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the Accounting Restatement on the stock price or total shareholder return upon which the Incentive-Based Compensation was Received, and (ii) the Company will maintain
 documentation of the determination of that reasonable estimate and provide such documentation to Nasdaq. 

(c) The Committee shall determine, in its sole
 discretion, the method(s) for recovering any Erroneously Awarded Compensation from any Applicable Executive, which may include one or more of the following: 

(i) requiring one or more cash payments to the Company
 Group from such Applicable Executive, including, but not limited to, the repayment of cash Incentive-Based Compensation previously paid by the Company Group to such Applicable Executive; 

(ii) seeking recovery of any gain realized on the
 vesting, exercise, settlement, sale, transfer or other disposition of any equity-based awards previously made by the Company to such Applicable Executive and/or, subject to applicable legal requirements, otherwise requiring the delivery to the
 Company of shares of Common Stock held by such Applicable Executive; 

(iii) withholding, reducing or eliminating future cash
 compensation (including cash incentive payments), future equity awards and/or other benefits or amounts otherwise to be paid or awarded by the Company Group to such Applicable Executive; 

(iv) offsetting amounts against compensation or other
 amounts otherwise payable by the Company Group to any Applicable Executive; 

(v) cancelling, adjusting or offsetting against some or
 all outstanding vested or unvested equity awards of the Company held by such Applicable Executive; and/or 

(vi) taking any other remedial and recovery actions with
 respect to such Applicable Executive permitted by applicable legal requirements and the rules and regulations of Nasdaq, as determined by the Committee. 

(d) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
 the Company shall not be required to recover Erroneously Awarded Compensation from any Applicable Executive pursuant to the terms of this Policy if both (1) the Committee determines that such recovery would be impracticable, and (2) any of the
 following conditions is met: 

(i) the direct expenses paid to a third party to assist
 in enforcing the Policy would exceed the amount to be recovered, provided that, before concluding that it would be impracticable to recover any amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation based on expense of enforcement pursuant to this clause
 (i), the Company has (x) made a reasonable attempt to recover such Erroneously Awarded Compensation, (y) documented such reasonable attempt(s) to recover, and (z) provided such documentation to Nasdaq; 

(ii) recovery would violate home country law where that
 law was adopted prior to November 28, 2022, provided that, before determining that it would be impracticable to recover any amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation based on violation of home country law, the Company has obtained an opinion of
 home country counsel, acceptable to Nasdaq, that recovery would result in such a violation, has provided copy of the opinion is provided to Nasdaq; or 

(iii) recovery would likely cause an otherwise
 tax-qualified retirement plan, under which benefits are broadly available to employees of the Company Group, to fail to meet the requirements of 26 U.S.C. 401(a)(13) or 26 U.S.C. 411(a) and regulations thereunder. 

5. No Indemnification, Etc. The Company Group shall not (x) indemnify any current or former Executive Officer against (i) the loss of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation that is repaid, returned or recovered
 pursuant to the terms of this Policy, or (ii) any claims relating to the Company Group s enforcement of its rights under this Policy, or (y) pay or reimburse any current or former Executive Officers for insurance premiums to recover losses
 incurred under this Policy. 

6. Supersedure. This Policy will supersede any provisions in (x) any agreement, plan or other arrangement applicable to any member of the Company Group, and (y) any organizational documents of any entity that is
 part of Company Group that, in any such case, (a) exempt any Incentive-Based Compensation from the application of this Policy, (b) waive or otherwise prohibit or restricts the Company Group s right to recover any Erroneously Awarded Compensation,
 including, without limitation, in connection with exercising any right of setoff as provided herein, and/or (c) require or provide for indemnification to the extent that such indemnification is prohibited under Section 5 above. 

7. Amendment; Termination; Interpretation. The Committee may amend or terminate this Policy at any time, subject to compliance with all applicable legal requirements and the rules and requirements of Nasdaq. 
 It is intended that this Policy be interpreted in a manner that is consistent with the SEC/Nasdaq Clawback Rules. This Policy is separate from, and in addition to, any other compensation recovery or recoupment policy of the Company or any
 applicable provisions of plans, agreements, awards or other arrangements of the Company that provide for the recoupment or recovery of compensation from Executive Officers that is voluntarily adopted by the Company and intended to provide for
 discretionary recoupment beyond the scope of this Policy and the SEC/Nasdaq Clawback Rules. 

8. Other Recoupment Rights; No
 Additional Payments. 

(a) Subject to Section 8(b) of this Policy below, any right of recoupment under this Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights of recoupment that may be available to the Company
 Group pursuant to (i) the terms of any recoupment provisions in any employment agreement, incentive or equity compensation plan or award or other agreement, (ii) any other legal requirements, including, but not limited to, Section 304 of
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and (iii) any other legal rights or remedies available to the Company. 

(b) 
 
 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, to prevent duplicative recovery:

(i) to the extent that the amount of any Erroneously
 Awarded Compensation is recovered from any current or former Executive Officers under this Policy, the Company will not be entitled to recover any such amounts under any other compensation recovery or recoupment policy of the Company or any
 applicable provisions of plans, agreements, awards or other arrangements of the Company that provide for the recoupment or recovery of compensation from Executive Officers; and 

(ii) to the extent that any Erroneously Awarded
 Compensation includes any amounts that have been actually reimbursed to the Company Group from any Applicable Executive pursuant to Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (any such amounts that have been reimbursed to the Company Group, the Applicable SOX Recoupment Amount ), the amount of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation to be recovered from any such Applicable Executive shall be reduced by the Applicable
 SOX Recoupment Amount. 

9. Successors. This Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all current and former Executive Officers and their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators or other legal representatives. 

</EX-97>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 cbrl-20230728.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 cbrl-20230728_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 cbrl-20230728_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 cbrl-20230728_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 cbrl-20230728_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

