<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230922_10-K_edgar_data_1815974_0001493152-23-033452.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3679314</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>337076</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>839373</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1081184</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>593167</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>739706</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-033452.hdr.sgml : 20230922
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230922160547
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-033452
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		55
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230922
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230922

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Anebulo Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001815974
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				851170950
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40388
		FILM NUMBER:		231271758

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		JFL CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
		STREET 2:		1017 RR 620 S, SUITE 107
		CITY:			LAKEWAY
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78734
		BUSINESS PHONE:		737 203 5270

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		JFL CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
		STREET 2:		1017 RR 620 S, SUITE 107
		CITY:			LAKEWAY
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78734

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-033452.txt : 20230922

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
DC 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission
File No. 

(Exact
name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 
 ,

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 

Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.1D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The aggregate market value of the voting and
non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was 
based on the closing price of the Registrant s common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market on December 31, 2022. The calculation
of the aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common stock excludes shares held by executive officers, directors and
stockholders that the Registrant concluded were affiliates of the Registrant on such date. Exclusion of such shares should not be
construed to indicate that any such person possesses the power, direct or indirect, to direct or cause the direction of the
management or policies of the Registrant or that such person is controlled by or under common control with the Registrant. 

The
number of shares of the Registrant s common stock, par value 0.001 per share, outstanding as of September 14, 2023 was 
shares. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Anebulo
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

 Table
of Contents 

Page 
 Number 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 3 

SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS 
 4 

PART I 
 5 

Item 1. Business 
 5 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 21 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 49 

Item 2. Properties 
 49 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 49 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 49 

PART II 
 49 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 49 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 50 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 41 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 58 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 58 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 58 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 58 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 59 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevents Inspections 
 59 

PART III 
 59 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 59 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 59 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 59 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 59 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 59 

PART IV 
 60 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 60 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 60 

In
this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report ), unless otherwise stated or as the context otherwise requires, references
to Anebulo Pharmaceuticals, Anebulo, the Company, we, us, our 
and similar references refer to Anebulo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. The Anebulo logo, and other trademarks or service marks of Anebulo Pharmaceuticals,
Inc. appearing in this Annual Report are the property of Anebulo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. This Annual Report also contains registered marks,
trademarks and trade names of other companies. All other trademarks, registered marks and trade names appearing in this Annual Report
are the property of their respective holders. We do not intend our use or display of other companies trade names, trademarks or
service marks to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, these other companies. 

2 

SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), which are subject the safe
harbor created by those sections. These forward-looking statements about us and our industry involve substantial risks and uncertainties
and our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors,
including those set forth below under Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Annual Report. All statements other than statements
of historical facts contained in this Annual Report, including statements regarding our future financial condition, business strategy
and plans, and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking
statements by terminology such as believe, may, could, will, estimate, 
 continue, anticipate, intend, seek, plan, expect, 
 should, would, potentially or the negative of these terms or similar expressions in this Annual
Report. 

We
have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations, beliefs, estimates and projections, and various assumptions,
many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and beyond our control. In addition, statements that we believe 
and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available
to us as of the date of this Annual Report, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such
information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry
into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to,
statements about: 

our
 expectations regarding our capital requirements, revenue, expenses and other operating results, and needs for additional financing; 

the
 timing or outcome of any of our regulatory submissions; 

the
 timing and conduct of our clinical trials, including statements regarding the timing, progress and results of current and future
 nonclinical studies and clinical trials, and our research and development programs; 

the
 clinical utility, potential advantages and timing or likelihood of regulatory filings and approvals of ANEB-001; 

our
 expectations regarding future growth; 

our
 ability to obtain and maintain adequate intellectual property rights and adequately protect and enforce such rights; 

our
 ability to maintain our existing licensing arrangements and enter into and maintain other collaborations or licensing arrangements; 

our
 estimates regarding the commercial potential and market opportunity for our product candidates; 

the
 performance of our third-party suppliers and manufacturers; 

our
 ability to compete effectively with existing competitors and new market entrants; 

the
 impact on our business of economic or political events or trends; and 

the
 impact of governmental laws and regulations. 

You
should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Unless required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or
revise any forward-looking statements to reflect new information or future events or developments. Thus, you should not assume that our
silence over time means that actual events are bearing out as expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. You should carefully
read this Annual Report, including the section titled Risk Factors and the documents that we reference in this Annual Report
and have filed as exhibits to this Annual Report completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially
different from what we expect. We qualify all of the forward-looking statements in this report by these cautionary statements. 

3 

SUMMARY
OF RISK FACTORS 

Our
business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties of which you should be aware, including those described in the section entitled
 Risk Factors. These risks include the following: 

We
 have not generated any revenue since our inception and expect to incur future losses and may never become profitable. Our business
 is highly dependent on our lead product candidate, ANEB-001, and we must complete clinical testing before we can seek regulatory
 approval and begin commercialization of any of our product candidates. 

We
 currently rely on a license from a third party, and in the future may rely on additional licenses from other third parties, in relation
 to our development of ANEB-001, and if we fail to comply with our obligations under our current or future intellectual property license
 agreements or otherwise experience disruptions to our business relationships with our current or any future licensors, we could lose
 intellectual property rights that are important to our business. 

We
 currently have no product revenue and will need to raise additional capital in the future, which may be unavailable to us or may
 cause dilution or place significant restrictions on our ability to operate. 

Our
 current and future operations substantially depend on our Founder and Chief Executive Officer and our ability to hire other key personnel,
 the loss of any of whom could disrupt our business operations. 

If
 we are unable to obtain and maintain patent protection for important aspects of ANEB-001, or if the scope of the patent protection
 obtained is not sufficiently broad, our competitors could develop and commercialize products that are similar or identical to ours,
 and our ability to successfully commercialize our current or future product candidates may be adversely affected. 

We
 currently have no marketing and sales organization and we have no direct experience marketing pharmaceutical products. If we are
 unable to establish our own marketing and sales capabilities, or enter into agreements with third parties to market and sell our
 products after approval, we may not be able to generate product revenues. 

We
 are relying on clinical trials performed by our licensor Vernalis Development Limited, formerly
 Vernalis (R D) Limited Vernalis ), a third party, for a different indication,
 and the FDA or a foreign equivalent regulator may disagree with our ability to reference
 clinical data from third-party trials. 

If
 we are not able to obtain any required regulatory approvals for ANEB-001, we will not be
 able to commercialize our lead drug candidate and our ability to generate revenue will be
 limited. 

Clinical
 drug development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome, and results of earlier studies and trials may
 not be predictive of future trial results. 

Interim,
topline and preliminary data from our preclinical studies or clinical trials may change as more data become available, and are subject
to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data. 

Any
 products we develop may become subject to unfavorable pricing regulations, third-party coverage and reimbursement practices or healthcare
 reform initiatives, thereby harming our business. 

Our
 product candidates, the methods used to deliver them or their dosage levels may cause undesirable side effects or have other properties
 that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval, limit the commercial profile of an approved label or result in significant
 negative consequences following any regulatory approval. 

New
 drugs, which may be developed by others, could impair our ability to maintain and grow our business and remain competitive. 

We
 depend on third parties in connection with our preclinical testing and clinical trials, which may result in costs and delays that
 prevent us from obtaining regulatory approval or successfully commercializing ANEB-001 or future product candidates. 

We
 will be completely dependent on third parties to manufacture ANEB-001, and our commercialization of ANEB-001 could be halted, delayed
 or made less profitable if those third parties fail to obtain manufacturing approval from the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory
 authorities, fail to provide us with sufficient quantities of ANEB-001 or fail to do so at acceptable quality levels or prices. 

The
 trading price and volume of our common stock in the public markets has experienced, and may in the future experience, volatility
 due to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. 

The
summary risk factors described above should be read together with the text of the full risk factors below, in the section entitled Risk
Factors and the other information set forth in this Annual Report, including our financial statements and the related notes, as
well as in other documents that we file with the SEC. The risks summarized above or described in full below are not the only risks that
we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not precisely known to us, or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially
adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and future growth prospects. 

4 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business. 

Overview 

We
are a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing novel solutions for people suffering from acute cannabinoid intoxication ACI and substance addiction. Our lead product candidate, ANEB-001, is intended to rapidly reverse the negative
effects of ACI and reduce time to recovery. The more severe signs and symptoms of ACI range from profound sedation to anxiety and
panic to psychosis with hallucinations. There is no approved medical treatment currently available to specifically alleviate the
symptoms of ACI and we are not aware of any competing products that are further along in the development process than ANEB-001 in
reversing the effects of delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol, better known as THC, the primary psychoactive constituent of cannabis.
Previous clinical trials conducted by a third party have shown that ANEB-001 is rapidly absorbed, well tolerated and when repeatedly
administered to obese subjects led to weight loss, an effect that is consistent with central CB1 antagonism. In March 2021, our
European clinical trial application CTA ), which is equivalent to an investigational new drug application in the
United States, was accepted in the Netherlands to allow us to utilize ANEB-001 in a Phase 2 human proof-of-concept trial (the
 Netherlands Trial for potential use as a treatment for ACI. The study was designed to evaluate the safety,
tolerability, pharmacokinetics, and effectiveness of a single dose of ANEB-001 in treating healthy subjects challenged with THC. We
announced on January 3, 2022 that the first patient had been dosed in the Netherlands Trial. On May 11, 2022, we announced the
dosing of all 60 subjects in Part A of the Netherlands Trial. On March 28, 2023, we announced complete results from Part A and Part
B of the Netherlands Trial, in a total of 134 subjects. Dosing of an additional 20 subjects in an open-label extension of the study
(Part C) was initiated in July 2023 and completed in August 2023. We met with the FDA in July 2023 for a Type B meeting to discuss
the Part A and B Phase 2 data and the potential path forward for Phase 3 development of ANEB-001 and, received the minutes of
the meeting in August 2023. The FDA indicated that a single well-controlled study of ANEB-001 in ACI patients presenting to the
emergency department combined with a larger THC challenge study in volunteers could potentially provide substantial evidence to
support a new drug application. In addition, an observational study in patients presenting to emergency departments with ACI is
currently ongoing. The study will determine concentrations of cannabinoids and metabolites in plasma and gather information on signs
and symptoms, patients disposition and selected assessments, where possible. We believe the data generated from the
Netherlands Trial provide support for our development pathway. 

ACI
has become a widespread health issue in the United States, particularly in the increasing number of states that have legalized
cannabis for medical and recreational use. Excessive
ingestion of THC via edible products such as candies and brownies, and intoxication from synthetic cannabinoids (also known as
 synthetics, K2 or spice ), are two leading causes of THC-related emergency room visits.
Synthetic cannabinoids are analogous to fentanyl for opioids insofar as they are more potent at the cannabinoid receptor than their
natural product congener THC. 

In
recent years, hospital emergency rooms across the United States have seen a dramatic increase in patient visits with cannabis-related
conditions. Before the legalization of cannabis, an estimated 450,000 patients visited hospital emergency rooms annually for cannabis-related
conditions. In 2014, this number more than doubled to an estimated 1.1 million patients, according to data published in Trends
and Related Factors of Cannabis-Associated Emergency Department Visits in the United States: 2006-2014, Journal of Addiction Medicine
(May/June 2019), which provided a national estimate analyzing data from The Nationwide Emergency Department Sample NEDS ),
the largest database of U.S. hospital-owned emergency department visits. Based on our own analysis of the most recent NEDS data, we believe
that the number of emergency department visits grew to 1.7 million patients in 2019 and was growing at an approximately 15 compounded
annual growth rate between 2011 and 2019. We believe the number of cannabis-related emergency department visits, including other health
problems associated with ACI such as depression, anxiety and mental disorders will continue to increase substantially as more states
pass laws legalizing cannabis for medical or recreational use. Given the consequences, there is an urgent need for a treatment to rapidly
reverse the symptoms of ACI. 

Our
Lead Product Candidate 

Our
objective is to develop and commercialize new treatments options for patients suffering from ACI and substance addiction. Our lead
product candidate is ANEB-001, a potent, small molecule antagonist of cannabinoid binding receptor type-1 CB1 ), the
primary receptor involved in the psychotropic effects of cannabinoids, with the potential to address the unmet medical need for a
therapy to treat ACI. ANEB-001 is an orally bioavailable, rapidly absorbed treatment that we anticipate will rapidly reverse the
symptoms of ACI and reduce the time to recovery. Our proprietary position in the treatment of ACI is protected by one issued US
patent and one allowed US patent and rights to six additional patent applications, two pending
Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT) applications and additional international patent applications, covering various methods of use of
the compound, aspects of ANEB-001, and delivery systems. We began our Phase 2 trial in the Netherlands on December 2021 and
announced complete data from Part A and Part B of the Netherlands Trial in March 2023. Dosing of an additional 20 subjects in an
open-label extension of the study (Part C) was initiated in July 2023 and completed in August 2023. In July 2023 , we met with
the FDA for a Type B meeting to discuss the Part A and B Phase 2 data and the potential path forward for Phase 3 development of
ANEB-001, and received the minutes of the meeting in August 2023. The FDA indicated that a single well-controlled study of ANEB-001
in ACI patients presenting to the emergency department combined with a larger THC challenge study in volunteers could potentially
provide substantial evidence to support a new drug application. We are targeting to initiate Phase 3 registrational studies in the
first half of calendar 2024. 

Cannabinoids
are a class of chemical compounds that are naturally occurring and are primarily found in cannabis plant extracts. The two major cannabinoids
found in cannabis plant extracts include THC and CBD. These compounds bind themselves to CB1 and CB2 cannabinoid receptors, which are
found throughout the body. Specifically, CB1 receptors are concentrated in the brain and central nervous system, while CB2 receptors
are found mostly in peripheral organs and are associated with the immune system. When the chemical compounds bind themselves to these
cannabinoid receptors, the process elicits certain physiological responses. Physiological responses to cannabinoids may vary among individuals.
Some of the effects of cannabinoids have been shown to impact nervous system functions, immune responses, muscular motor functions, gastrointestinal
maintenance, blood sugar management, and the integrity of ocular functions. 

5 

Individuals
can use or consume cannabinoids in natural or unnatural formulations, orally or by inhalation, and intentionally and unintentionally,
all of which can result in intoxication. Natural formulations include edibles and marijuana cigarettes; unnatural formulations include
synthetics. Individuals consume cannabinoids orally by ingesting edibles or synthetics and by inhalation through smoking marijuana cigarettes
or synthetics. Cannabinoids can also be ingested unintentionally through these same methods where, for example, children consume edibles
by mistaking them for common consumer items like candy that would not otherwise contain THC. Symptoms of ACI produced by edibles and
synthetics can include psychosis, panic and anxiety, feelings of paranoia, agitation, hallucinations, nausea, vomiting, cardiac arrhythmias,
seizures and death. Many of these symptoms can require emergency medical attention and can take hours to days to resolve depending on
the particular product and amount ingested. Currently, there is no specific treatment to reverse ACI and physicians have to rely on supportive
care, including benzodiazepines, and wait for the body to metabolize the THC or synthetic cannabinoid. 

We are relying on studies performed by a third party for a different indication,
obesity, and the FDA or a foreign equivalent regulator may disagree with our ability to reference the clinical data generated by such
third-party trials in connection with the indication for ACI and addiction. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Product Development,
Regulatory Approval, Manufacturing and Commercialization We are relying on clinical trials performed by our licensor Vernalis,
a third party, for a different indication, and the FDA or a foreign equivalent regulator may disagree with our ability to reference clinical
data from third-party trials. 

Our
Market Opportunity 

ACI
has become a widespread health issue in the United States as an increasing number of states have legalized cannabis for medical or recreational
use. As of June 30, 2023, cannabis was legal for recreational use in 23 states and the District of Columbia and for medical use
in 38 states. 

ACI
frequently occurs due to the ingestion of edibles, which can contain relatively large amounts of THC, and consumption of synthetics.
Symptoms of ACI produced by edibles and synthetics can include psychosis, panic and anxiety, feelings of paranoia, agitation, hallucinations,
nausea, vomiting, cardiac arrhythmias, seizures and death. These symptoms can require emergency medical attention and can take hours
to days to resolve. According to an article published in the Journal of Addiction Medicine that analyzed data from NEDS, an estimated
1.1 million emergency department visits were associated with cannabis in 2014. We have performed our own independent analysis of all
currently available NEDS datasets and estimated that the number of cannabis-associated emergency department visits increased to 1.7 million patients in 2019. The number of cannabis-associated emergency department visits has grown at a 15 compounded annual growth rate
from 2011 to 2019, which is when states first began legalizing recreational cannabis use. 

6 

Source
for 2006-2014: Shen, J. J., Shan, G., Kim, P. C., Yoo, J. W., Dodge-Francis, C., Lee, Y.-J. (2018). Trends and Related Factors
of Cannabis-Associated Emergency Department Visits in the United States. Journal of Addiction Medicine, doi:10.1097/adm.0000000000000479,
Source for 2015-2019: Company analysis of NEDS database. 

We
believe that both the number of cannabis-associated emergency department visits and the unmet medical need will continue to grow due
to the increasing availability and consumption of edibles. In THC-containing edibles, the dose of THC can be as much as eight times more potent than a rolled marijuana cigarette. Edibles are frequently manufactured
as common consumer products, such as brownies, cookies, candies and gummy snacks with brightly-colored packaging. THC concentrations
in edibles peak after a delay of about two to four hours from ingestion. This time to peak concentration contrasts with smoking cannabis,
which causes THC concentrations to peak in about three to 10 minutes from inhalation. Consumers possibly will approach edibles with the
same serving size expectations as consumer products without THC. Moreover, children are particularly at risk for accidentally consuming
edibles due to the edibles brightly-colored packaging and formulation into candies and sweets. The confluence of these factors
can be dangerous and increases the risk of ACI. Emergency department visits were 33 times more likely for edibles as compared with other
routes of cannabis consumption, according to the recent article Mental Health-related Emergency Department Visits Associated with
Cannabis in Colorado, published in Academic Emergency Medicine (May 2018). Sales of edibles are rapidly growing, according to
data collected by Statista, and are expected to continue growing into the future. 

In
November 2020, we sponsored a survey of U.S. physicians concerning patient emergency room visits for ACI within the past 12 months. Based
on a survey of 27 emergency room physicians throughout the United States, the surveyed physicians saw on average 10.5 patients (a range
of two to 45 patients) with cannabis intoxication per month. The survey asked these physicians to rank on a scale of 1 to 10 (i) the
need for a cannabinoid antagonist to treat cannabis intoxication; (ii) the likelihood of their prescribing a cannabinoid antagonist that
reverses cannabis intoxication within 30 minutes of administration; and (iii) the likelihood of such cannabinoid antagonist reducing
the need for supportive medication to manage certain cannabis intoxication symptoms, such as agitation and acute psychosis. In response
to these questions, the surveyed physicians ranked the need for a cannabinoid antagonist at an average of 7.52 out of 10, the likelihood
of prescribing a cannabinoid antagonist that reverses cannabis intoxication within 30 minutes of administration at an average of 7.44
out of 10, and the likelihood of a specific cannabinoid antagonist reducing the need for supportive medication to manage certain ACI
symptoms at an average of 7.48 out of 10. Although the survey pertained specifically to a cannabinoid antagonist that reverses cannabis
intoxication within 30 minutes, we believe the survey results are indicative of likely prescribing behavior for any otherwise comparable
product that takes effect rapidly even if not specifically within 30 minutes. 

7 

We
believe that the market opportunity for our lead product candidate, ANEB-001, will continue to expand and accelerate if additional states
pass laws to legalize recreational cannabis use. In Colorado, one of the first states to legalize recreational marijuana, the Colorado
Department of Health and Environment reported that by 2018 marijuana use by adults one or more times during the past 30 days roughly
doubled in the years following the state s legalization of cannabis. On April 1, 2022, the U.S. House of Representatives, for the
second time, voted in favor of a bill to decriminalize marijuana at the federal level by removing cannabis from the list of controlled
substances under the Controlled Substances Act. Although it is currently uncertain whether this bill will be subsequently approved by
the U.S. Senate and signed into law by the President, in the event the use of cannabis is legalized in the United States at the federal
level, we believe that the greater anticipated number of users will significantly increase the potential need for our lead candidate. 

We believe that intoxication due to synthetic cannabinoids is an area with particularly high unmet medical need. Synthetics are among
the fastest growing class of psychoactive drugs worldwide and can be as much as 85 times as potent as THC. This likely reflects the structural
promiscuity of the CB1 receptor. In addition, the negative effects of an intoxication from synthetics can be longer lasting and more
severe when compared with THC. These negative effects could include seizures and other dangerous outcomes. Compared with natural cannabis
products, synthetics have lower shipping weights and can more readily evade traditional drug screening methods. 

Our
Growth Strategy 

Our
goal is to create a therapeutic to treat the underlying cause of ACI. As noted above, there are currently no FDA approved medical treatments
on the market to specifically alleviate the negative neuropsychological effects of ACI. The absence and growing unmet need for such a
treatment gives us the unique opportunity to create a novel solution and become a leader in the cannabinoid treatment space. To achieve
our goal, our strategy will be guided by the following principles: 

Develop and commercialize our ANEB-001 antagonist in
the United States. We commenced our Netherlands Trial in December 2021 and announced complete results from Part A and Part B of the
Netherlands Trial in March 2023. Dosing of an additional 20 subjects in an open-label extension of the
study (Part C) was initiated in July 2023 and completed in August 2023. In July 2023, we met with the FDA for a Type B meeting to discuss the Part
A and B Phase 2 data and the potential path forward for Phase 3 development of ANEB-001, and received the minutes of the meeting
in August 2023. The FDA indicated that a single well-controlled study of ANEB-001 in ACI patients presenting to the emergency department
combined with a larger THC challenge study in volunteers could potentially provide substantial evidence to support a new drug application. 

Explore
 strategic collaborations to commercialize ANEB-001. Our plan is to widely commercialize ANEB-001, if approved. To accomplish
 this objective, we may partner with companies that possess a direct sales force and sales representatives. 

Strive
 for capital efficiency in developing ANEB-001. We aim to be capital efficient in our development of ANEB-001 by outsourcing our
 clinical research and data management. We anticipate this will lower our clinical development costs and improve our ability to efficiently
 commercialize ANEB-001 if it is approved by the FDA. 

Introduce
promising product candidate extensions. We are in the initial stages of developing a non-oral formulation of ANEB-001. 

Develop
 future product candidates to treat substance-related addiction. We intend to leverage our expertise in the endocannabinoid system
 to develop additional product candidates for the treatment of substance addiction. CB1 antagonists have been shown to be promising
 in treating substance-related addiction. We believe that there is a large and growing unmet medical need for new treatment options
 because of the opioid epidemic. 

8 

Our
Clinical Trials and Milestones 

We
are developing ANEB-001 as an acute treatment to quickly and effectively combat the symptoms of ACI. ANEB-001 was originally under development
by Vernalis as a potential chronic treatment for obesity and other metabolic indications. 

Preclinical
Data 

The
initial preclinical characterization of ANEB-001 was performed at Vernalis internal laboratory in the United Kingdom between
2003 and 2006. The compound was tested as a displacer in established radioligand binding assays for the CB1 receptor. ANEB-001
displaced the antagonist radioligand, [3H]-SR141716A from the human CB1 receptor with high affinity (0.55 nM) and was shown to be a
competitive antagonist in cAMP assays. In vitro testing as a displacer in 90 binding assays and 19 enzyme and functional assays,
showed that ANEB-001 had >1000x selectivity with the human CB1 receptor over all other tested receptors. Further, Vernalis
demonstrated that oral administration of ANEB-001 reduced THC-induced hypolocomotion in mice after 30 minutes, effectively reversing
the action of THC. C57 mice administered THC 3 mg/kg in 10 minutes pre-test exhibited reduced locomotor activity when placed in
automated locomotor activity cages for 15 minutes. Providing it orally at a dose of 30 mg/kg 30 minutes pre-test significantly
reversed the action of THC on the total activity time parameter (p 

Historical
Clinical Studies 

In
2006 and 2007, two Phase 1 studies for the treatment of obesity were conducted by Vernalis for ANEB-001. 

First
Phase 1 trial 

The
Phase 1 study (V24343-1Ob-01) administered single (Part A) and multiple (Part B) ascending doses of ANEB-001 dosed daily for
up to 14 days in otherwise healthy overweight and mildly obese subjects. 

Part
 A randomized 18 healthy volunteers to receive either a placebo (n=18) or two single oral doses of ANEB-001, with doses ranging from
 1 mg to 200 mg. No severe adverse events were observed in either group in Part A. There was no difference between treatment groups
 in Part A in overall incidence, number of or severity of adverse events. Probable drug-related events in the treatment arm were nausea
 (22 ), dizziness (11 ), hiccups (8 ), and decreased appetite (8 ). 

Part
 B randomized 32 obese volunteers to receive either a placebo (eight obese volunteers) or four different doses of ANEB-001 for 14
 days (24 obese volunteers). No severe adverse events were observed in either group in Part B, but an increased number of mild and
 moderate adverse events was observed in the obese volunteers who received the two higher dose arms (200/50 mg and 100 mg). The observed
 adverse events included nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, dizziness, hiccups, decreased appetite, hyperhidrosis and feeling hot. We believe
 these adverse events are on-target, meaning they reflect CB1 antagonism, because these adverse events have also been
 observed with other CB1 antagonists. 

Pharmacokinetic
measurements in Part A of the Phase 1 study demonstrated that ANEB-001 was rapidly absorbed by the body following oral administration
and achieved blood concentrations anticipated to be sufficient to block the CB1 cannabinoid receptor. 

9 

Vernalis
also measured the impact of ANEB-001 on anxiety and depression in Part B of the Phase 1 study. Vernalis measured anxiety by using
the Spielberger state score, a commonly used measure of trait and state anxiety. Vernalis found no significant impact on anxiety,
except for the 200/50 mg arm (which represents a loading does of 200mg followed by a once daily OD 50mg dose), which showed increased anxiety at all assessment times. The change was driven by a single subject and
may be explained by somatic adverse events, which contributed to the Spielberger score. For depression, HAMD21 was used and small
increases were noted in the 75/15 mg and 200/50 mg dose, which we believe were likely driven by somatic symptoms. 

Summarizing
the results from the Phase 1 study, ANEB-001 doses between 1 mg and 150 mg were found to be very well tolerated in both single and multiple
doses with an adverse events profile similar to placebo. There was no observed effect on the cardiovascular system, ECGs, labs or physical
exams and no significant effects on anxiety or depression scores. 

With
regard to pharmacodynamics, a marked reduction in test meal energy intake was seen even at the lowest dose level in Phase 1 Part B (p 

Second
Phase 1 trial 

The
second Phase 1 study conducted by Vernalis (V24343-1Ob-02) compared the pharmacokinetics of a single oral dose (1 to 200 mg) of ANEB-001
between fed and fasted states in eight subjects that were lean and in eight subjects that were overweight. There were no apparent differences
in the tolerability of ANEB-001 between the subjects that were in fed and fasted states or between subjects that were lean and overweight.
Total AUC (or area under the curve) was approximately 30 higher in subjects in the fed state compared to the subjects in the fasted
state, with similar systemic exposure for the lean and overweight subjects. 

The
results of the historical Phase 1 studies demonstrate that ANEB-001 was well tolerated among healthy and obese subjects. There were no
serious adverse events. The most commonly reported adverse event was gastrointestinal discomfort, which also occurred in subjects that
were administered placebos. Based on the promising results of the historical Phase 1 studies, we believe ANEB-001 may offer the following
clinical and product benefits: 

Oral
 bioavailability. ANEB-001 will be available as an oral treatment in the form of a pill, capsule or tablet. 

Rapid
 onset of action. ANEB-001 has shown CB1 antagonist effects in clinical studies rapid reversal of signs
 and symptoms of ACI in as little as 1 hour. 

Low
 likelihood of drug-to-drug interactions. Preclinical testing demonstrated that ANEB-001 did not inhibit the metabolic enzymes
 cytochromes 1A2, 2C9, 2C19, 2D6 and 3A4 at pharmacologically relevant concentrations. 

Potential
 First-in-Class Treatment. We are currently not aware of any competing products that are further along in the development process
 than ANEB-001 to specifically reverse the symptoms of ACI. 

No
 serious adverse events. A single dose of the drug is unlikely to produce adverse events associated with chronic dosing. The most
 commonly reported adverse effect in the previous Phase 1 studies was gastrointestinal discomfort, which also occurred in subjects
 who were administered a placebo. 

10 

Anebulo
Clinical Studies 

Phase
2 THC Challenge Study in Healthy Volunteers 

We
commenced the Netherlands Trial in December 2021 at the Center for Human Drug Research CHDR in the Netherlands to
evaluate the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics, and effectiveness of a single dose of ANEB-001 in treating healthy subjects
challenged with delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol, better known as THC, the primary psychoactive constituent of cannabis. 

Part
A of the study was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial in 60 healthy adult occasional cannabis users randomized to
three treatment arms of 20 subjects per arm. All subjects were challenged with a single oral dose of 10.5 mg THC and then treated
with single oral doses of 50 mg ANEB-001, 100 mg ANEB-001, or placebo. Subjects were monitored for 24 hours to assess safety,
tolerability, and pharmacokinetics, and repeatedly tested to determine potential effects on endpoints related to ACI symptoms. The
tests also included a series of validated measures of subjective CNS symptoms using visual analog scale VAS assessments, as well as objective measures of intoxication. Part B of the study was an adaptive design that included six cohorts of
up to 15 healthy adults to examine different doses of THC and ANEB-001, and the impact of delayed dosing of ANEB-001 or placebo.
Part B of the study was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase. A total of 74 subjects participated in Part B. On
March 28, 2023, we announced complete results from our Part A and Part B of the Netherlands Trial in a total of 134 subjects. Dosing of an additional 20 subjects in an open-label extension of the study (Part C)
was initiated in July 2023 and completed in August 2023. Part C of the study was an open-label phase with 2 cohorts of 10 subjects. We
believe the data generated from the Netherlands Trial provide support for our development pathway. 

Data
from Part A of the study previously showed positive protective effects of a single oral dose of 50 or 100 mg ANEB-001 when
co-administered with an oral challenge dose of 10.5 mg THC. Subjects challenged with 10.5 mg THC and treated with placebo showed
substantial CNS effects including feeling high, decreased alertness, increased body sway, and increased heart rate. Compared to
placebo, treatment of subjects with ANEB-001 led to a significant, robust, and sustained reduction in the VAS feeling high score (p

These
data demonstrated a highly statistically significant reduction in key symptoms of ACI, with only 10 of subjects in the 50 mg ANEB-001
group and 30 in the 100 mg group reporting feeling high compared to 75 of subjects in the placebo group (p 

Based on the encouraging
data from Part A, we initiated Part B of the study at CHDR on July 26, 2022. In total, Parts A and B of the Phase 2 study enrolled
134 healthy subjects. In Part B of the study, subjects were challenged with substantially higher oral doses of THC (21, 30, or 40
mg) and treated with lower doses of ANEB-001 (10 or 30 mg) or a matching placebo. Delayed dosing of ANEB-001 was also examined by
introducing a one-hour pause between the THC challenge and treatment with the ANEB-001 or placebo. The final cohort of the study
included the administration of a high-fat meal prior to the THC challenge. 

Based on
the final data for Part B of the study, a single low oral dose of ANEB-001 (10 mg) administered 1 hour after a THC challenge rapidly and
statistically significantly reversed key psychotropic effects of THC doses as high as 30 mg, including a reduction in the VAS for feeling high (p= 

The Phase 2 study was
conducted in the Netherlands by the CHDR. A total of 134 healthy subjects were enrolled. All subjects received oral THC challenge
doses. In total, 91 subjects received single oral doses of ANEB-001. Pharmacodynamic outcomes were assessed by mixed-effect model
repeated measures MMRM analysis of covariance ANCOVA through 8 hours post-ANEB-001 dosing. Safety was assessed by continuous
observation for 24 hours and followed up at 7 to 14 days after treatment. ANEB-001 was well tolerated in this study and there were
no serious adverse events. At the 30 mg THC dose, prior to dosing ANEB-001 or placebo, subjects developed mild to moderate
THC-related symptoms including moderate euphoria, nausea, and/or vomiting, and mild bradyphrenia, dizziness, paresthesia, and/or
feeling emotional. After delayed dosing of 10 mg ANEB-001 or placebo following a 21 mg or 30 mg THC challenge dose, the adverse
events considered possibly or probably related to ANEB-001 were mild except for one case of moderate nausea/vomiting at THC doses of
21 mg and 30 mg; the incidence of dizziness and euphoria was greater in the placebo treated subjects. Administration of a high-fat
meal delayed the absorption of THC resulting in blunted effects of a 30 mg THC dose on many of the outcomes. However, delayed dosing
of 10 mg ANB-001 still significantly reduced VAS feeling high in fed subjects (p=0.0030). 

Part
C of the study was an open-label phase with two cohorts of 10 subjects each. Subjects in Cohort 7 received a single oral dose of 40
mg of THC together with a single oral dose of 10 mg of ANEB-001. Subjects in Cohort 8 received a single oral dose of 60 mg of THC
together with a single oral dose of 20 mg of ANEB-001. In the earlier Part B of the study, a single oral dose of 40 mg THC without
ANEB-001 was not well tolerated due to overt THC-related effects. However, the use of even higher THC challenge doses was considered
acceptable by an independent institutional review board IRB provided that all subjects would also receive ANEB-001.
Part C of the study was therefore conducted as open-label without a placebo arm. Subjective and objective assessments performed
during the open-label Part C of the study were similar to those used in Parts A and B, with the addition of several new outcome
measures intended to explore further evidence of clinically meaningful effects. Based on preliminary safety observations, THC
challenge doses of 40 mg and 60 mg were well-tolerated when dosed in combination with ANEB-001, and all treatment-related adverse
events were mild and transient. Full safety, pharmacokinetic PK ), and pharmacodynamic data from the study, as well as results at
higher doses of THC, are expected in fourth quarter of calendar 2023. In total, 183 subjects have been dosed with
ANEB-001 in the Phase 1 and Phase 2 studies . 

We
have enrolled our first subject in our observational PK study in the United States . The purpose of the study is to gather data on
ACI subjects in the emergency department setting. The PK data for THC and THC metabolites is expected to further support PK/PD
modeling efforts and ANEB-001 development. 

We
believe the Phase 2 study provides support for our continuing discussions with the FDA and potential future discussions with
comparable foreign regulatory authorities, and allows us to design and conduct more extensive clinical trials with the goal of
generating additional clinical data that will ultimately enable us to file a marketing application with the FDA. 

11 

Vernalis
License Agreement 

On
May 26, 2020, we entered into an exclusive license agreement (the License Agreement with Vernalis Development Limited,
formerly Vernalis (R D) Limited Vernalis ). Pursuant to the License Agreement, Vernalis granted us an exclusive worldwide
royalty-bearing license to develop and commercialize a compound that we refer to as ANEB-001, as well as access to and a right of reference
with respect to any regulatory materials under its control. The License Agreement allows us to sublicense the rights thereunder to any
person with similar or greater financial resources and expertise without Vernalis prior consent, provided the proposed sublicensee
is not developing or commercializing a product that contains a CB1 antagonist or is for the same indication covered by the trials or
market authorization for ANEB-001. In exchange for the exclusive license, we agreed to pay Vernalis a non-refundable signature fee of
 150,000, total potential developmental milestone payments of up to 29,900,000, total potential sales milestone payments of up to 35,000,000,
and low to mid-single digit royalties on net sales. 

Under
the License Agreement, we purchased the API for ANEB-001 from Vernalis on an as is basis for 20,000. We have the sole
discretion to carry out the development and commercialization of ANEB-001, including obtaining regulatory approvals, and we are responsible
for all costs and expenses in connection therewith. We have access to certain regulatory materials, including study reports from clinical
and non-clinical trials, under Vernalis control. We agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to (i) develop and commercialize
ANEB-001 in the United States and certain European countries and (ii) conduct a Phase 2 and human clinical trial within specified periods,
which periods could be extended for a nominal fee. We also agreed to provide Vernalis with periodic reports of our activities and notice
of market authorization within specified timeframes. 

With
respect to intellectual property, both parties agreed to retain sole ownership over their respective intellectual property as of the
date of the License Agreement. In addition, we retain the sole right over certain patent rights (including patent applications) and know-how
controlled by us that are necessary or reasonably useful to developing and commercializing ANEB-001 during the term of the License Agreement. 

The
License Agreement continues for an indefinite term unless and until it is terminated or until such time as all royalties and other sums
cease to be payable thereunder. Our obligations to pay royalties commence upon the first commercial sale of our product and cease upon
the later to occur of: (i) the tenth anniversary of the first commercial sale of our product, or (ii) the expiration date of the regulatory
exclusivity of our product. We may terminate the License Agreement in its entirety at any time by providing 60 days prior notice
to Vernalis. Moreover, a party may terminate the License Agreement for cause (i) upon written notice when the other party commits a material
breach not remedied within the specified timeframes and defaults on its obligations thereunder, or (ii) when the other party is insolvent
as more particularly described therein. In the event of termination, all rights and licenses granted by Vernalis will revert immediately
to Vernalis; all outstanding sums as of the termination date will be immediately due and payable to Vernalis; and we will return or destroy,
at Vernalis request, any regulatory materials, information pertaining to ANEB-001, and any unused API purchased from Vernalis.
If Vernalis terminates the License Agreement due to our material breach or insolvency, or if we terminate the License Agreement at will,
both parties will negotiate in good faith to grant Vernalis a license to such intellectual property and regulatory materials needed to
develop and commercialize ANEB-001 and provide appropriate compensation to us within six months of the termination date. 

Competition 

The
clinical biotechnology industry is a competitive industry characterized by technological innovation and growth. Our competitors include
other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, academic institutions, and public and private research institutions. These entities
engage in efforts to research, discover and develop new medicines and treatments for substance use. These entities also seek patent protection
and licensing revenues for their research results and may compete with us in recruiting skilled talent. Some of these entities are larger
and better funded than us. Our management can make no assurances that we can effectively compete with these competitors. Potential current
competitors include Aelis Farma, which is developing a medication based on a pregnenolone derivative to treat cannabis use disorders,
and Indivior PLC, which is developing a drinabant injection to treat acute cannabis overdose. 

12 

Research
and Development 

We
are making, and expect to continue to make, substantial expenditures to fund proprietary research and development of our ANEB-001
product candidate and to support preclinical testing and clinical trials necessary for regulatory filings. Our research and
development team, including a third-party CRO, is continually undertaking efforts to advance research and development goals. During
the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, we incurred research and development expenses of approximately 5,600,000
and 2,962,000, respectively. 

Regulation 

Government
Regulation and Product Approval 

We
operate in an extensively regulated industry. Governmental authorities at all levels in the United States and in other countries regulate
aspects of bringing therapeutics, drugs, and other biologics to market, including research, testing, safety, product approval, development,
manufacture, efficacy, quality control, packaging, storage, record-keeping, promotion, labeling, advertising, marketing, distribution,
sales, imports and exports of our products. 

As
a therapeutic product for human use, ANEB-001 will be subject to regulation in the United States by the FDA under the Federal Food, Drug
and Cosmetic Act FDCA and similar regulatory requirements in other countries. Regulatory requirements include, among
other things, rigorous preclinical and clinical testing. The processes obtaining regulatory approval, commercializing our product and
maintaining compliance with applicable statutes and regulations require the substantial expenditure of time and financial resources and
play a significant role in our research and development, production, and marketing activities. Failure to comply with these regulatory
processes and other requirements could delay our ability to receive regulatory approvals, adversely affect the commercialization of our
product, and hinder our ability to receive royalties or revenues. 

In
the United States, the FDA regulates drugs under the FDCA and its implementing regulations. Failure to comply with such regulations
during and after the product development and approval process could result in administrative or judicial sanctions. Such sanctions
include the FDA s refusal to approve pending applications, withdrawal of an approval, placement on a clinical hold, untitled
or warning letters, product recalls, seizure of products, partial or complete suspension of production or distribution, injunctions,
fines, refusal of government contracts, restitution, disgorgement, civil penalties and criminal penalties. The FDA generally
requires the following before a drug can be marketed in the United States: 

Completion
 of preclinical laboratory tests, animal studies and formulation studies according to Good Laboratory Practices regulations; 

Submission
 of an IND, which must become effective before the commencement of human clinical studies; 

Approval
 by an independent IRB, at each clinical site before the initiation of each trial; 

Performance
 of adequate and well-controlled human clinical studies according to Good Clinical Practice GCP regulations, to establish
 the safety and efficacy of the proposed drug for its intended use; 

Preparation
 and submission of a New Drug Application NDA 

Satisfactory
 completion of an FDA inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities where the product, or its components, are produced to
 ensure compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practice CGMP regulations and to ensure that the facilities, methods,
 and controls are adequate to preserve the drug s identity, strength, quality, and purity; and 

FDA
 review and approval of the NDA. 

13 

Given
that the testing and approval process requires a substantial commitment of time, effort and financial resources, we cannot ensure that
our product will be granted approval on a timely basis. 

As
part of the IND, an IND sponsor must submit the preclinical test results, along with manufacturing information, analytical data and any
available clinical data or literature, to the FDA. The sponsor must also include a protocol detailing the objectives of the initial clinical
study, the parameters for monitoring safety, and the effectiveness criteria to be assessed (among other things) if the initial clinical
study lends itself to an efficacy evaluation. Some preclinical testing may continue after submission of the IND. The IND becomes automatically
effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA raises questions or concerns in response to a proposed clinical study and
places the study on a clinical hold within the 30-day timeframe. In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding
issues before commencing the clinical study. The FDA may impose clinical holds due to safety concerns or non-compliance on all product
candidates within a certain pharmaceutical class at any time before or during clinical studies. In addition, the FDA can impose partial
clinical holds prohibiting the initiation of clinical studies for a certain dose or of a certain duration. 

In
accordance with GCP regulations, all clinical studies must be conducted under the supervision of one or more qualified investigators.
These regulations require informed consent in writing from all research subjects before their participation in any clinical study. An
IRB must review and approve the plan for any clinical study before it commences at any institution, and the IRB must continuously review
and re-approve the study at least annually. Among other things, the IRB considers whether the risks to individual participants in the
clinical study are minimal and reasonable in relation to the anticipated benefits. The IRB also approves the information regarding the
clinical study and the consent form that must be given to each clinical study subject or his or her legal representative. The IRB must
also monitor the clinical study until completed. Each new clinical protocol and any amendments thereto must be submitted to the FDA for
review, and to the IRB for approval. The protocols detail the objectives of the clinical study, dosing procedures, subject selection
and exclusion criteria, and the parameters to be used to monitor subject safety (among other things). Study sites are subject to inspection
for compliance with GCP. 

Information
about certain clinical trials must be submitted within specific timeframes to the National Institutes of Health, for public dissemination
on the ClinicalTrials.gov website. 

Human
clinical studies are typically conducted in three sequential phases that may overlap or be combined: 

Phase
 1. In Phase 1, the product is initially introduced to a limited number of healthy human subjects or patients and may be tested
 for safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism, distribution and excretion and, if possible, to gain early evidence on effectiveness.
 In the case of certain products intended to treat severe or life-threatening diseases, particularly when the product is suspected
 or known to be unavoidably toxic, initial human testing may be conducted in patients. 

Phase
 2. Phase 2 involves clinical studies in a limited patient population to identify potential adverse effects and safety risks,
 to preliminarily evaluate the efficacy of the product for specific diseases and to determine dosage tolerance, optimal dosage and
 schedule. 

Phase
 3. In Phase 3, clinical studies are often conducted on a larger number of subjects or in a patient population located in
 geographically dispersed clinical sites to further evaluate the dosage, clinical efficacy and safety of the product. Phase 3
 clinical studies are intended to determine the overall risks and benefits of the product and provide an adequate basis for product
 labeling. 

Progress
reports explaining the results of the clinical studies must be submitted to the FDA at least annually. Safety reports must be submitted
to the FDA and the investigators for serious and unexpected suspected adverse events. There is no guarantee that Phase 1, Phase 2 and
Phase 3 testing will be completed successfully within any specified period, if at all. The FDA or the sponsor may suspend or terminate
a clinical study at any time for various reasons, including a finding that the research subjects or patients are being exposed to an
unacceptable health risk. Likewise, an IRB can suspend or terminate approval of a clinical study at its institution if the clinical study
is not being conducted in accordance with the IRB s requirements or if the drug has been associated with unexpected serious harm
to patients. 

14 

U.S.
Review and Approval Processes 

Upon
the successful completion of the required clinical testing, an NDA is submitted to the FDA requesting approval to market the product.
The NDA reports the results of product development, preclinical and clinical studies, descriptions of the manufacturing process, analytical
tests conducted on the drug, proposed labeling and other relevant information. 

In
connection with the submission of an NDA, the payment of a substantial application user fee is required (although a waiver is available
under limited circumstances, including, for the first human drug application submitted by a small business or its affiliate). The sponsor
of an approved NDA is also required to pay annual program user fees. 

The
FDA may also require a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy REMS to mitigate any identified or suspected serious risks.
The REMS typically includes risk minimization tools, medication guides, assessment plans, physician communication plans, and elements
to ensure safe use, including restricted distribution methods, and patient registries. 

The
FDA reviews all NDAs submitted to ensure they are sufficiently complete for substantive review before it accepts them for filing. Rather
than accept an application for filing, the FDA may request additional information. In such a case, an applicant must re-submit the application
along with the additional information, which remains subject to further FDA review. Once an application is accepted for filing, the FDA
performs an in-depth substantive review to determine whether the product is safe and effective for its intended use. 

The
FDA may refer the NDA to an advisory committee consisting of experts for review, evaluation and recommendation regarding its approval
and any conditions that may apply thereto. The FDA, while not bound by the recommendation of an advisory committee, considers such recommendations
when making decisions. Before approving an NDA, the FDA will also inspect one or more clinical sites to ensure clinical data supporting
the submission comply with GCP. 

The
FDA may refuse to approve an NDA if regulatory requirements are not satisfied or additional clinical data and information is required.
Even after such data and information is furnished, the FDA may refuse to approve an NDA for failure to satisfy regulatory requirements.
Data from clinical studies may not always be conclusive. Moreover, the FDA may disagree with the applicant s interpretation of
the data. 

After
evaluating an application, the FDA may issue an approval letter or a complete response letter indicating completion of the review cycle.
A complete response letter typically sets forth specific conditions that must be satisfied to secure final approval of the application
and may require additional clinical or preclinical testing for the FDA to reconsider the application. The FDA may identify minor deficiencies,
such as requiring labeling changes, or major deficiencies, such as requiring additional clinical studies. The complete response letter
may also recommend actions to ready the application for approval. An applicant can respond to a complete response letter by correcting
all deficiencies and re-submitting the application, withdrawing the application or requesting a hearing. 

Even
after additional information is submitted, the FDA may determine that an application does not satisfy regulatory requirements and reject
it. Once all conditions have been met to the FDA s satisfaction, the FDA will typically issue an approval letter authorizing commercial
marketing of the drug with specific prescribing information for specific indications. 

Even
after regulatory approval is obtained, approval may be restricted to specific diseases and dosages or limited indications for use. Such
limitations could affect the commercial value of the product. On the product labeling, the FDA may require certain contraindications,
warnings or precautions. In addition, the FDA may require post-approval studies, including Phase 4 clinical studies, to further evaluate
safety and effectiveness. The FDA may also require testing and surveillance programs to monitor the safety of approved commercialized
products. After approval, certain changes to the approved product remain subject to additional testing requirements, FDA review and approval.
Such changes to the approved product include adding new indications, manufacturing changes, and additional labeling claims. 

15 

Approved
products manufactured or distributed in accordance with the FDA regulatory process remain subject to continuing FDA oversight post-approval.
Continuing regulatory requirements include periodic reporting, record-keeping, product sampling, product distribution, and advertising
and reporting on adverse experiences, deviations, and other issues with the product. In addition, most post-approval changes to the approved
product, including adding new indications or other labeling claims, remain subject to prior FDA review and approval. There are also continuing
obligations to pay annual user fees for marketed products, as well as new application fees for supplemental applications with clinical
data. 

The
FDA strictly regulates the information presented on products on the market, including information on labeling, advertising, and promotion
of products. Products may only be promoted for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved label.
The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the rules prohibiting the promotion of off-label use. A company that improperly promotes
off-label use may be subject to significant liability. Manufacturers must also continue to comply with extensive CGMP regulations, which
requires a commitment of time and financial resources. FDA review and approval is generally required for post-approval changes to the
manufacturing process and other changes to the approved product, including the addition of new indications and additional labeling claims. 

Manufacturers
and others involved in the manufacturing and distribution of approved products must register their establishments with the FDA and certain
state agencies. The FDA and state agencies may periodically inspect these establishments, sometimes without prior notice, to ensure compliance
with CGMP regulations and other obligations. CGMP requirements apply to all stages of the product manufacturing process, including processing,
production, sterilization, packaging, labeling, storage and shipment. 

Prior
FDA approval is often required for changes to the manufacturing process to be implemented. FDA regulations require investigation and
correction of departures from CGMP requirements. The FDA may also impose reporting and documentation obligations upon the sponsor and
any third-party manufacturers used by the sponsor. As a result, to remain compliant with CGMP regulations, manufacturers must continue
to commit time, effort and financial resources to production and quality control. 

The
FDA may impose other post-approval requirements as a condition to approving an application, such as post-marketing testing (including
Phase 4 clinical trials) and surveillance to monitor and assess the product s safety and effectiveness upon commercialization. 

The
FDA may withdraw approval of a product if an applicant fails to maintain compliance with regulatory requirements or if certain issues
arise after the product is introduced to the market. For instance, a subsequent discovery of previously unknown issues, including adverse
events of unexpected frequency or severity, problems with the manufacturing process, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements,
could result in restrictions on the product or a complete withdrawal from the market. 

In
such cases, potential consequences include revisions to the approved labeling to include new safety information; post-market studies
or clinical trials to evaluate new safety risks; and imposition of restrictions under a REMS program. Other potential consequences include: 

Restrictions
 on the manufacturing or marketing of the product (including complete withdrawal or recall of the product); 

Warning
 letters or holds on post-approval clinical trials; 

FDA s
 refusal to approve pending NDAs or supplements to approved NDAs; 

Suspension
 or revocation of product license approvals; 

Product
 seizures or detentions; 

FDA s
 refusal to allow imports or exports of products; or 

Civil
 penalties, criminal penalties or injunctions. 

16 

Pharmaceutical
Coverage, Pricing and Reimbursement 

In
the United States, commercial sales of pharmaceutical products subject to regulatory approval could be conditioned on whether third-party
payors (such as government authorities, managed care providers, private health insurers and other organizations) are able to provide
coverage and reimbursement in connection with the products. 

Coverage
and reimbursement of costs are areas of significant uncertainty for any products subject to regulatory approval. The process for determining
coverage versus reimbursement may vary widely among third-party payors. Third-party payors may also impose additional requirements on
and restrictions to coverage and reimbursement, which could influence the purchase of certain healthcare services and products. 

Third-party
payors may limit coverage to specific drugs on an approved list, or formulary, which could omit some FDA-approved drugs for a particular
indication. Third-party payors may also place drugs at certain formulary levels that result in a lower reimbursement and higher cost-sharing
obligation for patients. A third-party payor s decision to provide coverage for a product may not necessarily imply approval of
an adequate reimbursement rate. In addition, the unavailability of third-party reimbursement may affect our ability to maintain price
levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development. Coverage by one third-party payor may not
necessarily indicate or imply coverage or reimbursement by other third-party payors. Also, the level or scope of coverage and reimbursement
may vary significantly among third-party payors. In addition to scrutinizing the safety and efficacy of medical products and services,
third-party payors have increasingly begun to examine and challenge the price, cost-effectiveness and necessity of certain products and
services. Thus, to obtain and maintain coverage and reimbursement for any products approved for sale, the conducting of expensive pharmacoeconomic
studies may be required to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of such products. There is a chance that third-party
payors may not consider our product medically necessary or cost-effective. If third-party payors make such a determination, they may
not cover the product after approval as a benefit under their plans. If third-party payors do cover the product, the returns from sales
of our product may not sufficiently yield a profit. 

Furthermore,
federal and state governmental authorities have increasingly shown an interest in implementing cost containment programs to limit government-paid
healthcare costs. Such cost containment programs include restrictions on coverage and reimbursement, price controls and requirements
to substitute branded prescription drugs with generic products. The adoption and expansion of such restrictive policies and controls
could impose limitations or exclusions from coverage for our product. 

In
the United States, we expect third-party payors and government authorities to increase emphasis on managed care and cost containment
measures, which will impact the pricing and coverage for pharmaceutical products. Coverage policies and third-party reimbursement rates
may change at any time. Even if we achieve favorable coverage and reimbursement status for an approved product, less favorable coverage
policies and reimbursement rates could still be implemented in the future. 

Current
Legislation 

Healthcare
providers and third-party payors play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of any product candidates for which we obtain
marketing approval. Our current and future arrangements with healthcare professionals, including HCPs, clinical investigators, CROs,
third-party payors and customers may expose us to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations. Restrictions
under applicable federal and state healthcare laws and regulations include the following: 

the
 federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, persons and entities from knowingly
 and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly,
 in cash or in kind, to induce or reward, or in return for, either the referral of an individual
 for, or the purchase, order or recommendation of, any good or service, for which payment
 may be made under a federal healthcare program such as Medicare and Medicaid. Moreover, the
 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation
 Act of 2010 (collectively, the ACA provides that the government may assert
 that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback
 Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the civil False Claims Act; 

17 

the
 federal civil and criminal false claims, including the civil False Claims Act, which can
 be enforced by private citizens through civil whistleblower or qui tam actions, and civil
 monetary penalties laws prohibit individuals or entities from, among other things, knowingly
 presenting, or causing to be presented, to the federal government, claims for payment that
 are false or fraudulent or making a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation
 to pay money to the federal government; 
 
 the
 FDCA, which prohibits, among other things, the adulteration or misbranding of drugs, biologics
 and medical devices; 
 
 analogous
 state and foreign laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws
 which may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items
 or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers,
 state laws that require biotechnology companies to comply with the biotechnology industry s
 voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal
 government and may require drug manufacturers to report information related to payments and
 other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures,
 state laws that require biotechnology companies to report information on the pricing of certain
 drug products, state and local laws that require the registration of pharmaceutical sales
 representatives; 
 
 the
 federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA prohibits, among other things, executing or attempting to execute a scheme to defraud any
 healthcare benefit program or making false statements relating to healthcare matters; 
 
 federal
 consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities
 and activities that potentially harm consumers; 
 
 the
 federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act requires applicable manufacturers of covered drugs,
 devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid
 or the Children s Health Insurance Program, with specific exceptions, to annually report
 to the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services CMS information regarding
 payments and other transfers of value to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists,
 optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), other health care professionals (such as physician
 assistants and nurse practitioners) and teaching hospitals, as well as information regarding
 ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members;
 and 
 
 HIPAA,
 as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act and
 their implementing regulations, also imposes obligations, including mandatory contractual
 terms, on covered entities, including certain healthcare providers, health
 plans, healthcare clearinghouses, and their respective business associates 
 that create, receive, maintain or transmit individually identifiable health information for
 or on behalf of a covered entity as well as their covered subcontractors, with respect to
 safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information,
 as well as analogous state and foreign laws that govern the privacy and security of health
 information in some circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways
 and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts; 
 
 analogous
 state laws and regulations, such as, state anti-kickback and false claims laws potentially
 applicable to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services
 reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers; and some state
 laws require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s
 voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal
 government in addition to requiring drug manufacturers to report information related to payments
 to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures, state and local laws
 that require the registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives, and state laws governing
 the privacy and security of personal data (including personal health information) in certain
 circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not
 preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts; and state transparency laws that
 require the reporting of certain pricing information; among other state laws. 

18 

Efforts
to ensure that our current and future business arrangements with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations
will involve on-going substantial costs. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other governmental
regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant penalties, including civil, criminal and administrative penalties,
damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, exclusion from participation in government funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and
Medicaid or similar programs in other countries or jurisdictions, integrity oversight and reporting obligations, contractual damages,
reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. Defending against any
such actions can be costly, time-consuming and may require significant financial and personnel resources. 

Healthcare
Reform 

In
both the U.S. and certain foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory proposals to change the healthcare
system in ways that could impact our ability to sell future products and profitability. Legislative and regulatory proposals have been
made to expand post-approval requirements and restrict sales and promotional activities for pharmaceutical products. We do not know whether
additional legislative changes will be enacted, or whether the FDA regulations, guidance or interpretations will be changed, or what
the impact of such changes on the marketing approvals of our drug candidate, if any, may be. In addition, increased scrutiny by the U.S.
Congress of the FDA s approval process may significantly delay or prevent marketing approval, as well as subject us to more stringent
product labeling and post-marketing testing and other requirements. 

On
March 23, 2010, President Obama signed into law the ACA, which includes a number of healthcare reform provisions and requires most U.S.
citizens to have health insurance. The ACA was intended to broaden access to health insurance, reduce or constrain the growth of healthcare
spending, enhance remedies against fraud and abuse, add new transparency requirements for healthcare and health insurance industries,
impose new taxes and fees on the health industry and impose additional health policy reforms. The law, among other things, imposes a
significant annual fee on companies that manufacture or import branded prescription drug products, addresses a new methodology by which
rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for drugs that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted
or injected, increases the minimum Medicaid rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program and extends the rebate
program to individuals enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations, and establishes a new Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program,
in which manufacturers must agree to offer 50 point-of-sale discounts off negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries
during their coverage gap period, as a condition for the manufacturer s outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D. Substantial
new provisions affecting compliance also have been added, which may require modification of business practices with healthcare practitioners.
The ACA also revised the definition of average manufacturer price for reporting purposes, which could increase the amount
of Medicaid drug rebates to states. Further, the law imposed a significant annual fee on companies that manufacture or import branded
prescription drug products. 

There
have been judicial, congressional, and executive branch efforts to repeal, modify or delay the implementation of the law. On June 17,
2021 the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed a challenge on procedural grounds that argued the ACA is unconstitutional in its entirety because
the individual mandate was repealed by Congress. In addition, on August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation
Reduction Act of 2022, or IRA, into law, which among other things, extends enhanced subsidies for individuals purchasing health insurance
coverage in ACA marketplaces through plan year 2025. The IRA also eliminates the donut hole under the Medicare Part D program
beginning in 2025 by significantly lowering the beneficiary maximum out-of-pocket cost and creating a new manufacturer discount program.
Thus, the ACA will remain in effect in its current form. It is possible that the ACA will be subject to judicial or Congressional challenges
in the future. 

In
addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the ACA was enacted. For example, the IRA,
among other things, (1) directs the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services HHS to negotiate the price of certain
single-source drugs and biologics covered under Medicare and (2) imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize
price increases that outpace inflation. The IRA permits HHS to implement many of these provisions through guidance, as opposed to regulation,
for the initial years. HHS has and will continue to issue and update guidance as these programs are implemented. These provisions will
take effect progressively starting in fiscal year 2023, although the Medicare drug pricing negotiation program is currently subject to
legal challenges. It is currently unclear how the IRA will be implemented but is likely to have a significant impact on the pharmaceutical
industry. Further, in response to the Biden administration s October 2022 executive order, on February 14, 2023, HHS released a
report outlining three new models for testing by the CMS Innovation Center which will be evaluated on their ability to lower the cost
of drugs, promote accessibility, and improve quality of care. It is unclear whether the models will be utilized in any health reform
measures in the future. We expect that additional federal healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could
limit the amounts that federal and state governments will pay for healthcare products and services, and in turn could significantly reduce
the projected value of certain development projects and reduce or eliminate our profitability. These new laws may result in additional
reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding. 

Protection
of Intellectual Property 

We
strive to protect our intellectual property in a variety of ways to promote the development of our product candidate 

 and business. Our
strategy to safeguard this intellectual property includes the following: 

Patents and patent applications. We are in the process of obtaining method of use, formulation, and polymorph patents intended to cover our ANEB-001
product candidate, which are important to the development of our business. We have filed or intend to file patent applications related
to aspects of ANEB-001, our product candidate. We have obtained one issued patent, U.S. Patent No. 11,141,404, titled Formulations
And Methods For Treating Acute Cannabinoid Overdose. We have filed and will continue to file in foreign jurisdictions for our patent
applications at the relevant time. Issued patents and patents arising from our pending applications are expected to expire at the earliest
in 2040. 

19 

Regulatory exclusivity . Upon approval of a new chemical entity NCE ), which is a drug that contains no active moiety
that has been approved by the FDA in any other NDA, that drug receives five years of marketing exclusivity during which the FDA may not
approve a generic version of the drug. In addition, in seeking approval for a drug through an NDA, applicants are required to list with
the FDA each patent whose claims cover the applicant s product. Upon approval of a drug, each of the patents listed in the application
for the drug is then published in the FDA s Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations, commonly known as
the Orange Book. Drugs listed in the Orange Book can, in turn, be cited by potential generic competitors in support of approval of an
ANDA and then later challenged pursuant to a paragraph IV certification. As part of the Paragraph IV certification process, an NDA holder
may initiate a patent infringement lawsuit against the ANDA applicant. The filing of a patent infringement lawsuit by an NDA holder automatically
prevents the FDA from approving the ANDA until the earlier of 30 months, expiration of the Orange Book-listed patent, settlement of the
lawsuit, or a decision in the infringement case that is favorable to the ANDA applicant. Finally, we could receive an orphan drug designation,
which would grant a total of seven years of marketing exclusivity in the United States under the US Orphan Drug Act of 1983, or pediatric
drug designation, which provides NDA holders (under the Best Pharmaceuticals for Children Act (the BPCA )) a six-month extension of any exclusivity
(patent or non-patent) for a drug. 

Trade secrets . We rely on trade secret laws of general applicability for aspects of our business that are not readily amenable
to or appropriate for patent protection. 

Confidentiality agreements . We rely upon confidentiality agreements signed by our employees, consultants and third parties. 

License agreement . We have entered into an exclusive worldwide licensing agreement with Vernalis to develop, strengthen and commercialize
our ANEB-001 compound. This exclusive in-licensing opportunity allows us to maintain and enhance our proprietary position in ANEB-001. 

Trademarks . We use Anebulo as our trademark. As we develop our drug candidate and business, we intend to add trademarks
to our portfolio of intellectual property. 

We
believe these methods provide us material defensibility around our core intellectual property. 

Employees
and Human Capital Resources 

As
of June 30, 2023, we had two full-time employees, none of whom were covered by collective bargaining agreements. In addition, we have
a number of outside consultants who are not on our payroll, who are involved directly in scientific research and development activities.
We believe that we maintain strong relations with our employees. Our human capital resources objectives include, as applicable, identifying,
recruiting, retaining, incentivizing and integrating our existing and additional employees. The principal purposes of our equity incentive
plans are to attract, retain and motivate selected employees, consultants and directors through the granting of stock-based compensation
awards and cash-based performance bonus awards. 

Corporate
Information 

We
were incorporated in Delaware in April 2020. Our principal executive offices are located at 1017 Ranch Road 620 South, Suite 107 Lakeway,
Texas 78734, and our telephone number is 512-598-0931. 

Available
Information 

Our
website address is www.anebulo.com, which includes a section for investor relations. Information on our website is not incorporated by
reference herein. We will make available on our website, free of charge, our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q,
Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The SEC maintains
an Internet site (http://www.sec.gov) containing reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that
file electronically with the SEC. 

20 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

The
following risk factors and other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K should be carefully considered. The risks and
uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we
presently deem less significant may also impair our business operations. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial
condition, results of operations and future growth prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 

Risks
Related to our Business, Financial Condition and Capital Requirements 

We
have not generated any revenue since our inception and expect to incur future losses and may never become profitable. 

We
have not generated any revenue. As of June 30, 2023, we have an accumulated deficit of 57,202,041, which includes a fair value adjustment
of 26,626,710 for warrants converted into Series A preferred stock on a cashless basis in connection with our IPO .
The likelihood of our future success must be considered in light of the expenses, difficulties, complications and delays often encountered
by companies in clinical development, including in connection with ongoing and future clinical trials and the emergence of competing
products or therapies. These potential challenges include unanticipated clinical trial delays, poor data, changes in the regulatory and
competitive landscape and additional costs and expenses that may exceed current budget estimates. In order to complete certain clinical
trials and otherwise operate pursuant to our current business strategy, we anticipate that we will incur increased operating expenses.
In addition, we expect to incur significant losses and experience negative cash flow in the future as we fund our operating losses and
capital expenditures. We recognize that if we are unable to generate sufficient revenues or source funding, we will not be able to continue
operations as currently contemplated, complete planned clinical trials and/or achieve profitability. Our failure to achieve or maintain
profitability will also negatively impact the value of our shares. If we are unsuccessful in addressing these risks, then we may need
to curtail our business activities. 

The
future success of our business cannot be determined at this time, and we do not anticipate generating revenue from product sales in the
near term. In addition, we have no experience in obtaining regulatory approval for and commercializing drug products on our own and face
a number of challenges with respect to development and commercialization efforts, including, among other challenges: 

having
 inadequate financial or other resources to complete the development of our product candidate; 

the
 inability to manufacture our product in commercial quantities, at an adequate quality, at an acceptable cost or in collaboration
 with third parties; 

experiencing
 delays or unplanned expenditures in product development, clinical testing or manufacturing; 

the
 inability to establish adequate sales, marketing and distribution channels; 

healthcare
 professionals may not adopt and patients may not accept our drug, if approved for marketing; 

we
 may not be aware of possible complications or other side effects from the use of our product since we have limited clinical experience
 with respect to the actual effects from use of our product; 

technological
 breakthroughs in reversing ACIs and treating patients experiencing intoxication symptoms may reduce the demand for our product, if
 it develops; 

changes
 in the market for reversing ACIs and treating patients experiencing intoxication symptoms, new alliances between existing market
 participants and the entrance of new market participants may interfere with our market penetration efforts; 

third-party
 payors may not agree to reimburse patients for any or all of the purchase price of our product, which may adversely affect patients 
 willingness to use our product; 

uncertainty
 as to market demand may result in inefficient pricing of our product; 

we
 may face third-party claims of intellectual property infringement; 

we
 may fail to obtain or maintain regulatory approvals for our product in our markets or may face adverse regulatory or legal actions
 relating to our product even if regulatory approval is obtained; and 

we
 are dependent upon the results of clinical studies relating to our product and the products of our competitors. If data from a clinical
 trial is unfavorable, we would be reluctant to advance the product for the indication for which it was being developed. 

21 

If
we are unable to meet any one or more of these challenges successfully, our ability to effectively obtain regulatory approval for and
commercialize our products could be limited, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

We
currently rely on a license from a third party, and in the future may rely on additional licenses from other third parties, in relation
to our development of ANEB-001, and if we fail to comply with our obligations under our current or future intellectual property license
agreements or otherwise experience disruptions to our business relationships with our current or any future licensors, we could lose
intellectual property rights that are important to our business. 

We
are, and expect to continue to be, reliant upon third-party licensors for certain patent and other intellectual property rights that
are important or necessary to the development of our product candidates, including ANEB-001. On May 26, 2020, we entered into the License
Agreement with Vernalis, pursuant to which Vernalis granted us an exclusive license to develop and commercialize our ANEB-001 product
candidate. Under the License Agreement, we have the sole discretion to carry out the development and commercialization of ANEB-001, including
obtaining regulatory approvals. We retain the sole right over certain patent rights (including patent applications) and know-how controlled
by us that are necessary or reasonably useful to developing and commercializing the licensed product during the term of the License Agreement.
The License Agreement imposes, and we expect that any future license agreement will impose, specified diligence, milestone payment, royalty,
commercialization, development and other obligations on us and require us to meet development timelines, or to exercise diligent or commercially
reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize licensed products, in order to maintain the license. 

Furthermore,
our licensors have, or may have in the future, the right to terminate a license if we materially breach the agreement and fail to cure
such breach within a specified period or in the event we undergo certain bankruptcy events. In spite of our best efforts, our current
or any future licensors might conclude that we have materially breached our license agreements and might therefore terminate the license
agreements. If our license agreements are terminated, we may lose our rights to develop and commercialize product candidates and technology,
lose patent protection, experience significant delays in the development and commercialization of our product candidates and technology,
and incur liability for damages. If these in-licenses are terminated, or if the underlying intellectual property fails to provide the
intended exclusivity, our competitors or other third parties could have the freedom to seek regulatory approval of, and to market, products
and technologies identical or competitive to ours and we may be required to cease our development and commercialization of certain of
our product candidates and technology. In addition, we may seek to obtain additional licenses from our licensors and, in connection with
obtaining such licenses, we may agree to amend our existing licenses in a manner that may be more favorable to the licensors, including
by agreeing to terms that could enable third parties, including our competitors, to receive licenses to a portion of the intellectual
property that is subject to our existing licenses and to compete with any product candidates we may develop and our technology. Any of
the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations
and prospects. 

Our
License Agreement with Vernalis continues for an indefinite term and terminates, among other ways, under the following circumstances:
(i) on its terms when royalties and other sums cease to be payable thereunder; (ii) by us at any time by providing 60 days prior
notice; or (iii) upon an event of default, such as a material breach or insolvency of the other party. Upon termination, all rights and
licenses granted by Vernalis will revert immediately to Vernalis; all outstanding sums as of the termination date will be immediately
due and payable to Vernalis; and we will return or destroy, at Vernalis s request, any regulatory or other materials provided by
Vernalis pursuant to the License Agreement. 

22 

Disputes
may also arise between us and Vernalis or future licensors regarding intellectual property subject to a license agreement, including: 

the
 scope of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation-related issues; 

our
 financial or other obligations under the license agreement; 

whether,
 and the extent to which, our products, technology and processes infringe on intellectual property of the licensor that is not subject
 to the licensing agreement; 

our
 diligence obligations under the license agreement and what activities satisfy those diligence obligations; 

the
 inventorship and ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by our licensor(s);
 and 

the
 priority of invention of patented technology. 

If
we do not prevail in such disputes, we may lose any or all of our rights under such license agreements, experience significant delays
in the development and commercialization of our products and technologies, or incur liability for damages, any of which could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. In addition, we may seek to obtain
additional licenses from our licensor(s) and, in connection with obtaining such licenses, we may agree to amend our existing licenses
in a manner that may be more favorable to the licensor(s), including by agreeing to terms that could enable third parties, including
our competitors, to receive licenses to a portion of the intellectual property that is subject to our existing licenses and to compete
with our products. 

In
addition, the agreements under which we currently and in the future license intellectual property or technology from third parties are
complex and certain provisions in such agreements may be susceptible to multiple interpretations. The resolution of any contract interpretation
disagreement that may arise could narrow what we believe to be the scope of our rights to the relevant intellectual property or technology,
or increase what we believe to be our financial or other obligations under the relevant agreement, either of which could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Moreover, if disputes over intellectual property
that we have licensed prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing arrangements on commercially acceptable terms,
we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize any affected products or services, which could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Absent
the license agreements, we may infringe patents subject to those agreements, and if the license agreements are terminated, we may be
subject to litigation by the licensor. Litigation could result in substantial costs to us and distract our management. If we do not prevail,
we may be required to pay damages, including treble damages, attorneys fees, costs and expenses and royalties or be enjoined from
selling ANEB-001, which could adversely affect our ability to offer products or services, our ability to continue operations and our
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

We
currently have no product revenue and will need to raise additional capital in the future, which may be unavailable to us or may cause
dilution or place significant restrictions on our ability to operate. 

We
may be unable to generate sufficient revenue or cash flow to fund our operations. We expect that our cash at June 30, 2023, will enable
us to fund our current and planned operating expenses and capital expenditures into the fourth quarter of calendar year 2024. We have
based these estimates on assumptions that may prove to be incorrect, and we may exhaust our available capital resources sooner than we
currently expect. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with the development of our programs, we are unable to estimate
the amounts of increased capital outlays and operating expenses associated with completing the research and development of our product
candidate. Until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial product revenue from sales of any of our current or future product
candidates, we will need to seek additional equity or debt financing or potential collaboration, license or development agreements to
provide the capital required to maintain or expand our operations, continue the development of our product candidate, build our sales
and marketing capabilities, promote brand identity, develop or acquire complementary technologies, products or businesses, or provide
for our working capital requirements and other operating and general corporate purposes. 

We
currently do not have any arrangements or credit facilities as a source of funds, and we make no assurance that we will be able to raise
sufficient additional capital in the future if needed on acceptable terms, or at all. If such financing is not available on satisfactory
terms, or is not available at all, we may be required to delay, scale back or eliminate the development of our current or future product
candidates and other business, seek collaborations, or amend existing collaborations, for research and development
programs at an earlier stage than otherwise would be desirable or for the development of programs that we otherwise would have sought
to develop independently, or on terms that are less favorable than might otherwise be available, dispose of technology assets, or relinquish
or license on unfavorable terms, our rights to technologies or any future product candidates that we otherwise would seek to develop or
commercialize ourselves, p ursue the sale of our company to a third party at a price that
may result in a loss on investment for our stockholders, file for bankruptcy or cease operations altogether. This may materially adversely affect our operations and financial condition as well as our ability to
achieve business objectives and maintain competitiveness. 

23 

If
we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities and/or equity-linked securities, the percentage ownership of our existing stockholders
may be reduced, and accordingly these stockholders may experience substantial dilution. We may also issue equity securities and/or equity-linked
securities that provide for rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of our common stock. Given our need for cash and that
equity and equity-linked issuances are very common types of fundraising for companies like us, the risk of dilution is particularly significant
for our stockholders. 

Debt
financing, if obtained, may involve agreements that include liens on our assets and covenants limiting or restricting our ability to
take specific actions such as incurring additional debt. Debt financing could also be required to be repaid regardless of our operating
results. 

If
we raise additional funds through collaborations and licensing arrangements, we may be required to relinquish some rights to our current
or future products or revenue streams or to grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. 

Any
additional capital raising efforts may divert the attention of our management from day-to-day activities, which may adversely affect
our ability to develop and commercialize our product candidates. 

We
have limited operating history as a publicly traded company, and our inexperience could materially and adversely affect us and our stockholders. 

We
became a public company in May 2021 and, therefore, we have limited operating history as a publicly traded company. Our board of
directors and management team have overall responsibility for our management. As a publicly traded company, we are required to
develop and implement substantial control systems, policies and procedures in order to satisfy our periodic SEC reporting and Nasdaq
obligations. We cannot assure you that management s past experience will be sufficient to successfully develop and implement
these systems, policies and procedures and to operate our company. Failure to do so could jeopardize our status as a public company,
and the loss of such status may materially and adversely affect us and our stockholders. 

Our
current and future operations substantially depend on our Founder and Chief Executive Officer and our ability to hire other key personnel,
the loss of any of whom could disrupt our business operations. 

Our
business depends and will continue to depend in substantial part on the continued service of Joseph F. Lawler, M.D., Ph.D., our founder
and a director, and Simon Allen, our Chief Executive Officer and a director. The loss of the services of Dr. Lawler or Mr. Allen would
significantly impede implementation and execution of our business strategy and may result in the failure to reach our goals. Further,
the loss of either Dr. Lawler or Mr. Allen would be negatively perceived in the capital markets. We do not have key-man 
life insurance for our benefit on the lives of either Dr. Lawler or Mr. Allen. 

Our
future viability and ability to achieve sales and profits will also depend on our ability to attract, train, retain and motivate
highly qualified personnel in the diverse areas required for continuing operations. There is a risk that we will be unable to
attract, train, retain or motivate qualified personnel, both near term or in the future, and the failure to do so may severely
damage our prospects. See also Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties We currently outsource, and from time to time
in the future may outsource, a portion of our internal business functions to third-party providers. Outsourcing these functions has significant
risks, and our failure to manage these risks successfully could materially adversely affect our business. 

Adverse
developments affecting the financial services industry could adversely affect our current and projected business operations and our financial
condition and results of operations. 

Adverse
developments that affect financial institutions, such as events involving liquidity that are rumored or actual, have in the past and may
in the future lead to bank failures and market-wide liquidity problems. For example, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank SVB was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC as receiver. Similarly, on March 12, 2023, Signature Bank and Silvergate Capital Corp. were each swept into receivership.
In addition, on May 1, 2023, the FDIC seized First Republic Bank and sold its assets to JPMorgan Chase Co. While the U.S. Department
of Treasury, FDIC and Federal Reserve Board have implemented a program to provide up to 25 billion of loans to financial institutions
secured by certain of such government securities held by financial institutions to mitigate the risk of potential losses on the sale of
such instruments, widespread demands for customer withdrawals or other liquidity needs of financial institutions for immediate liquidity
may exceed the capacity of such program, there is no guarantee that such programs will be sufficient. Additionally, it is uncertain whether
the U.S. Department of Treasury, FDIC and Federal Reserve Board will provide access to uninsured funds in the future in the event of the
closure of other banks or financial institutions, or that they would do so in a timely fashion. 

While
we have not experienced any adverse impact to our liquidity or to our current and projected business operations, financial condition or
results of operations as a result of the matters relating to SVB, Signature Bank, Silvergate Capital Corp and First Republic Bank, uncertainty
remains over liquidity concerns in the broader financial services industry, and our business, our business partners or industry as a whole
may be adversely impacted in ways that we cannot predict at this time. 

Although
we assess our banking relationships as we believe necessary or appropriate, our access to cash in amounts adequate to finance or capitalize
our current and projected future business operations could be significantly impaired by factors that affect the financial institutions
with which we have banking relationships. These factors could include, among others, events such as liquidity constraints or failures,
the ability to perform obligations under various types of financial, credit or liquidity agreements or arrangements, disruptions or instability
in the financial services industry or financial markets, or concerns or negative expectations about the prospects for companies in the
financial services industry. These factors could also include factors involving financial markets or the financial services industry generally.
The results of events or concerns that involve one or more of these factors could include a variety of material and adverse impacts on
our current and projected business operations and our financial condition and results of operations. These could include, but may not
be limited to, delayed access to deposits or other financial assets or the uninsured loss of deposits or other financial assets; or termination
of cash management arrangements and/or delays in accessing or actual loss of funds subject to cash management arrangements. 

In addition, widespread investor
concerns regarding the U.S. or international financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing terms, including higher
interest rates or costs and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit and liquidity sources,
thereby making it more difficult for us to acquire financing on acceptable terms or at all. Any decline in available funding or access
to our cash and liquidity resources could, among other risks, adversely impact our ability to meet our operating expenses, financial obligations
or fulfill our other obligations, result in breaches of our financial and/or contractual obligations or result in violations of federal
or state wage and hour laws. Any of these impacts, or any other impacts resulting from the factors described above or other related or
similar factors not described above, could have material adverse impacts on our liquidity and our current and/or projected business operations
and financial condition and results of operations. 

24 

Risks
Related to Our Intellectual Property 

If
we are unable to obtain and maintain patent protection for important aspects of ANEB-001, or if the scope of the patent protection obtained
is not sufficiently broad, our competitors could develop and commercialize products that are similar or identical to ours, and our ability
to successfully commercialize our current or future product candidates may be adversely affected. 

Our
commercial success will depend, in part, on our ability to obtain and maintain patent protection in the United States and other countries
with respect to ANEB-001, our product candidate. On October 12, 2021, the United States Patent and Trademark Office issued to us U.S.
Patent No. 11,141,404, titled Formulations and Methods for Treating Acute Cannabinoid Overdose. The issued patent describes
the use of our investigational drug ANEB-001 to treat ACI, and is expected to provide patent protection through 2040. We seek to protect
our proprietary position by filing patent applications in the United States and abroad related to aspects of our product candidate that
are important to our business and maintaining and protecting our existing patents. Given that the development of our product candidates
is at an early stage, our intellectual property portfolio with respect to certain aspects of our product candidates is also at an early
stage. For example, we have filed or intend to file additional patent applications related to aspects of ANEB-001, our product candidate;
however, there can be no assurance that any such patent applications will issue as granted patents around the world. The requirements
for patentability differ in certain countries, and certain countries have heightened requirements for patentability. Further, in some
cases, we have only filed provisional patent applications on certain aspects of our technology and product candidate, and provisional
patent applications are not eligible to become an issued patent until, among other things, we file a non-provisional patent application
within 12 months of the filing date of the applicable provisional patent application. Any failure to file a non-provisional patent application
within this timeline could cause us to lose the ability to obtain patent protection for the inventions disclosed in the associated provisional
patent applications. 

Further,
any changes we make to our product candidates to cause them to have what we view as more advantageous properties may not be covered by
our existing patent applications, and we may be required to file new applications and/or seek other forms of protection for any such
altered product candidates. There can be no assurance that we would be able to secure patent protection that would adequately cover any
such altered product candidates. There can also be no assurance that any such patent applications will be issued as granted patents,
and even if they do issue, such patent claims may be insufficient to prevent third parties, such as our competitors, from utilizing our
technology. Any failure to obtain or maintain patent protection related to aspects of our product candidates could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 

Even
if we obtain additional issued or granted patents with respect to our product candidates, we cannot be certain that such patents or any
of our existing patents will not later be found to be invalid and/or unenforceable. 

The
patent prosecution process is expensive and time-consuming, and we may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent
applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our
research and development output before it is too late to obtain patent protection. Although we may enter into non-disclosure and confidentiality
agreements with parties who have access to patentable aspects of our research and development output, such as our employees, distribution
partners, consultants, advisors and other third parties, any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose such output before
a patent application is filed, thereby jeopardizing our ability to seek patent protection. 

The
patent position of pharmaceutical companies generally is highly uncertain, involves complex legal and factual questions and has in recent
years been the subject of much litigation. As a result, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability and commercial value of our current
and future patent rights are highly uncertain. Our pending and future patent applications may not result in patents being issued, and
even if issued, the patents may not meaningfully protect our current or future product candidates, effectively prevent competitors and
third parties from commercializing competitive products or otherwise provide us with any competitive advantage. Our competitors or other
third parties may be able to circumvent our patents by developing similar or alternative products in a non-infringing manner. 

Moreover,
the coverage claimed in a patent application can be significantly reduced before the patent is issued, and its scope can be reinterpreted
after issuance. Patent applications we own currently or that in the future issue as patents may not be issued in a form that will provide
us with any meaningful protection, prevent competitors or other third parties from competing with us, or otherwise provide us with any
competitive advantage. Any patents to which we have rights may be challenged, narrowed, circumvented, or invalidated by third parties.
Consequently, we do not know whether our product candidates will be protectable or remain protected by valid and enforceable patents. 

25 

The
issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, validity, or enforceability, and our patents may be challenged
in the courts or patent offices in the United States and abroad. We may be subject to a third-party pre-issuance submission of prior
art to the United States Patent and Trademark Office (the USPTO or post-issuance become involved in opposition, derivation,
revocation, reexamination, post-grant and inter partes review, or interference proceedings or other similar proceedings challenging our
patent rights. An adverse determination in any such submission, proceeding, or litigation could reduce the scope of, or invalidate or
render unenforceable, such patent rights, allow third parties to commercialize our product candidates or other technologies and compete
directly with us, without payment to us, or result in our inability to manufacture or commercialize products without infringing third-party
patent rights. Moreover, we may have to participate in interference proceedings declared by the USPTO to determine priority of invention
or in post-grant challenge proceedings, such as post-grant review at the USPTO or oppositions in a foreign patent office, that challenge
our priority of invention or other features of patentability with respect to our patents and patent applications. Such challenges may
result in loss of patent rights, loss of exclusivity, or in patent claims being narrowed, invalidated, or held unenforceable, which could
limit our ability to stop others from using or commercializing similar or identical technology and products, or limit the duration of
the patent protection of our product candidates and other technologies. Such proceedings also may result in substantial cost and require
significant time from our scientists and management, even if the eventual outcome is favorable to us. 

If
we are unsuccessful in any such proceeding or other priority or inventorship dispute, we may be required to obtain licenses from third
parties, including parties involved in any such interference proceedings or other priority or inventorship disputes. Such licenses may
not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or may be non-exclusive. If we are unable to obtain and maintain such licenses,
we may need to cease the development, manufacture, and commercialization of one or more of the product candidates we may develop. Termination
of these licenses or reduction or elimination of our rights under these licenses may result in our having to negotiate new or reinstated
agreements with less favorable terms, or cause us to lose our rights under these licenses, including our rights to important intellectual
property or technology. The loss of exclusivity or the narrowing of our owned and licensed patent claims could limit our ability to stop
others from using or commercializing similar or identical technology and products. 

In
addition, given the amount of time required for the development, testing, and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting
such product candidates might expire before or shortly after such product candidates are commercialized. As a result, our intellectual
property may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. 

Some
of our patents and patent applications may in the future be co-owned with third parties. In addition, future collaborators or licensors
may co-own their patents and patent applications with other third parties with whom we do not have a direct relationship. Our rights
to certain of these patents and patent applications may be dependent, in part, on inter-institutional or other operating agreements between
the joint owners of such patents and patent applications, who are not parties to our license agreements. If our future collaborators
or licensors do not have exclusive control of the grant of licenses under any such third-party co-owners interest in such patents
or patent applications or we are otherwise unable to secure such exclusive rights, such co-owners may be able to license their rights
to other third parties, including our competitors, and our competitors could market competing products and technology to the extent such
products and technology are not also covered by our intellectual property. In addition, we may need the cooperation of any such co-owners
of our patents in order to enforce such patents against third parties, and such cooperation may not be provided to us. 

We
cannot be certain that our current and future patent rights will be effective in protecting ANEB-001 and related technologies. Failure
to protect such assets may have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, financial condition and prospects. 

If
we do not obtain patent term extension and data exclusivity for any product candidates we may develop, our business may be materially
harmed. 

26 

Depending
upon the timing, duration, and specifics of any FDA marketing approval of ANEB-001 and related technologies we may develop, one or more
of our U.S. patents may be eligible for limited patent term extension under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act
of 1984 (the Hatch-Waxman Act ). The Hatch-Waxman Act permits a patent term extension of up to five years as compensation for patent term
lost during the FDA regulatory review process. A patent term extension cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of
14 years from the date of product approval, only one patent may be extended and only those claims covering the approved drug, a method
for using it, or a method for manufacturing it may be extended. Similar extensions as compensation for patent term lost during regulatory
review processes are also available in certain foreign countries and territories, such as in Europe under a Supplementary Patent Certificate.
However, we may not be granted an extension in the United States and/or foreign countries and territories because of, for example, failing
to exercise due diligence during the testing phase or regulatory review process, failing to apply within applicable deadlines, failing
to apply prior to expiration of relevant patents, or otherwise failing to satisfy applicable requirements. Moreover, the applicable time
period or the scope of patent protection afforded could be less than we request. If we are unable to obtain patent term extension or
the term of any such extension is shorter than what we request, our competitors may obtain approval of competing products following our
patent expiration, and our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects could be materially harmed. 

We
may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world, which could negatively impact our business. 

Filing,
prosecuting and defending patent rights on important aspects of ANEB-001 in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively
expensive, and our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the United States can be less extensive than those in the United
States. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as federal and
state laws in the United States. Further, licensing partners may not prosecute patents in certain jurisdictions in which we may obtain
commercial rights, thereby precluding the possibility of later obtaining patent protection in these countries. Consequently, we may not
be able to prevent third parties from selling or importing products made using our inventions in and into the United States or other
jurisdictions. Competitors may develop their own products and may also export infringing products to territories where we may have patent
protection, but enforcement is not as strong as that in the United States. These products may compete with ANEB-001, and our patent or
other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. 

Many
companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The
legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents, trade secrets
and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to biotechnology products, which could make it difficult for
us to stop the infringement of our patent rights or marketing of competing products in violation of our proprietary rights generally.
We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful.
Furthermore, while we intend to protect our intellectual property rights in our expected significant markets, we cannot ensure that we
will be able to initiate or maintain similar efforts in all jurisdictions in which we may wish to market our current or future product
candidates. Accordingly, our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights in such countries may be inadequate, which may have
an adverse effect on our ability to successfully commercialize our current or future product candidates in all of our expected significant
foreign markets. 

Many
countries have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may be compelled to grant licenses to third parties. In addition,
many countries limit the enforceability of patents against government agencies or government contractors. In these countries, the patent
owner may have limited remedies, which could materially diminish the value of such patent. If we or any of our future collaborators or
licensors is forced to grant a license to third parties with respect to any patents relevant to our business, our competitive position
may be impaired, and our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects may be adversely affected. Changes in patent
law in the United States and other jurisdictions could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect
our products. 

27 

Changes
in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the United States or other jurisdictions could increase the uncertainties
and costs surrounding the prosecution of patent applications and the enforcement or defense of issued patents. Assuming that other requirements
for patentability are met, prior to March 16, 2013, in the United States, the first to invent the claimed invention was entitled to the
patent, while outside the United States, the first to file a patent application was entitled to the patent. On or after March 16, 2013,
under the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (the America Invents Act enacted on September 16, 2011, the United States transitioned to
a first inventor to file system in which, assuming that other requirements for patentability are met, the first inventor to file a patent
application will be entitled to the patent on an invention regardless of whether a third-party was the first to invent the claimed invention.
A third-party that files a patent application in the USPTO on or after March 16, 2013, but before us could therefore be awarded a patent
covering an invention of ours even if we had made the invention before it was made by such third-party. This will require us to be cognizant
going forward of the time from invention to filing of a patent application. Since patent applications in the United States and most other
countries are confidential for a period of time after filing or until issuance, we cannot be certain that we were the first to either
(i) file any patent application related to ANEB-001 or (ii) invent any of the inventions claimed in our patents or patent applications. 

The
America Invents Act also includes a number of significant changes that affect the way patent applications will be prosecuted and also
may affect patent litigation. These include allowing third-party submission of prior art to the USPTO during patent prosecution and additional
procedures to attack the validity of a patent by USPTO administered post-grant proceedings, including post-grant review, inter partes
review, and derivation proceedings. Because of a lower evidentiary standard in USPTO proceedings compared to the evidentiary standard
in United States federal courts necessary to invalidate a patent claim, a third-party could potentially provide evidence in a USPTO proceeding
sufficient for the USPTO to hold a claim invalid even though the same evidence would be insufficient to invalidate the claim if first
presented in a district court action. Accordingly, a third-party may attempt to use the USPTO procedures to invalidate our patent claims
that would not have been invalidated if first challenged by the third-party as a defendant in a district court action. Therefore, the
America Invents Act and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications
and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations, and prospects. 

In
addition, the patent positions of companies in the development and commercialization of biopharmaceuticals are particularly uncertain.
Recent U.S. Supreme Court rulings have narrowed the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances and weakened the rights
of patent owners in certain situations. This combination of events has created uncertainty with respect to the validity and enforceability
of patents, once obtained. Depending on future actions by the U.S. Congress, the federal courts, and the USPTO, the laws and regulations
governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that could have a material adverse effect on our existing patent portfolio and our
ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property in the future. 

The
expiration or loss of patent protection may adversely affect our future revenues and operating earnings. 

Patent
protection is important in the development and eventual commercialization of our product candidate. Patents covering our product candidate
normally provide market exclusivity, which is important in order for our product candidate to become profitable. We obtained one patent
in October 2021, which is expected to provide patent protection through 2040. Even if we are successful in obtaining further patents,
patents have a limited lifespan. In the United States, the natural expiration of a utility patent is generally 20 years after it is filed.
Various extensions may be available; however, the life of a patent, and the protection it affords, is limited. Without patent protection,
we may be open to competition from generic versions of such compositions, methods and devices. As a result, our owned and licensed patent
portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar to ours. 

28 

Risks
Related to Product Development, Regulatory Approval, Manufacturing and Commercialization 

Delays
in the completion of, or the termination of, a clinical trial for ANEB-001, our lead drug candidate, could adversely affect our business. 

Clinical
trials are very expensive, time-consuming, unpredictable and difficult to design and implement. The results of clinical trials may be
unfavorable, they may continue for several years, and they may take significantly longer to complete and involve significantly more costs
than expected. Delays in the commencement or completion of clinical testing could significantly affect product development costs and
plans with respect to our drug candidate. The commencement and completion of clinical trials can be delayed and experience difficulties
for a number of reasons, including delays and difficulties caused by circumstances over which we may have no control. For instance, approvals
of the scope, design or trial site may not be obtained from the FDA and other required bodies in a timely manner or at all, agreements
with acceptable terms may not be reached in a timely manner or at all with CROs to conduct the trials, a sufficient number of subjects
may not be recruited and enrolled in the trials, and third-party manufacturers of the materials for use in the trials may encounter delays
and problems in the manufacturing process, including failure to produce materials in sufficient quantities or of an acceptable quality
to complete the trials. Clinical trial delays could shorten any periods during which our products have patent protection and may allow
our competitors to bring products to market before we do, which could impair our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates
and may harm our business and results of operations. 

We
are relying on clinical trials performed by our licensor Vernalis, a third party, for a different indication, and the FDA or a foreign
equivalent regulator may disagree with our ability to reference clinical data from third-party trials. 

As
described in Business Our Clinical Trials and Milestones, as part of the preclinical characterization of ANEB-001,
Vernalis demonstrated that oral administration of ANEB-001 reduced hypolocomotion in mice after 30 minutes, effectively reversing the
actions of THC. In 2006 and 2007, two Phase 1 studies for the treatment of obesity were conducted by Vernalis for ANEB-001. The Vernalis
clinical trials were not conducted or overseen by us. Nonetheless, we are relying on these studies performed by a third party for a different
indication. The FDA or a foreign equivalent regulator may disagree with our ability to reference the clinical data generated by the third-party
trials. Should this occur, we are likely to experience delays in our ability to receive regulatory approval and commercialize our product
candidate. 

If
we are not able to obtain any required regulatory approvals for ANEB-001, we will not be able to commercialize our lead drug candidate
and our ability to generate revenue will be limited. 

Our
drug candidate is a treatment in development for ACI. We must successfully complete clinical trials for our drug candidate before we
can apply for marketing approval. Even if we complete our clinical trials, it does not assure marketing approval. Our clinical trials
may be unsuccessful, which would materially harm our business. Even if our initial clinical trials are successful, we are required to
conduct additional clinical trials to establish our drug candidate s safety and efficacy, before an NDA, or its foreign equivalents
can be filed with the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities for marketing approval of our drug candidate. 

Success
in early phases of preclinical and clinical trials does not ensure that later clinical trials will be successful, and interim results
of a clinical trial do not necessarily predict final results. A failure of one or more of our clinical trials can occur at any stage
of testing. We may experience unforeseen events during, or as a result of, the clinical trial process that could delay or prevent our
ability to receive regulatory approval or commercialize our drug candidate. The research, testing, manufacturing, labeling, packaging,
storage, approval, sale, marketing, advertising and promotion, pricing, export, import and distribution of drug products are subject
to extensive regulation by the FDA and other regulatory authorities in the United States and other countries, which regulations differ
from country to country. We are not permitted to market our drug in the United States until we receive approval of an NDA from the FDA,
or in any foreign countries until we receive the requisite approval from such countries. In the United States, the FDA generally requires
the completion of clinical trials of each drug to establish its safety and efficacy and extensive pharmaceutical development to ensure
its quality before an NDA is approved. Regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions impose similar requirements. Of the large number
of drugs in development, only a small percentage result in the submission of an NDA to the FDA and even fewer are eventually approved
for commercialization. If our development efforts for our drug candidate, including regulatory approval, are not successful for its planned
indications, or if adequate demand for our drug candidate is not generated, our business will be materially adversely affected. 

Our
success depends on the receipt of regulatory approval and the issuance of such regulatory approvals is uncertain and subject to a number
of risks, including the following: 

the
 results of toxicology studies may not support the filing of an IND for our drug candidate or the FDA may require additional toxicology
 studies; 

the
 FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities or IRB may disagree with the design or implementation of our clinical trials; 

it
 may be difficult to run clinical trials involving the administration of THC to subjects because THC is a controlled substance and
 is illegal in certain jurisdictions; 

we
 may not be able to provide acceptable evidence of our drug candidate s safety and efficacy; 

the
 results of our clinical trials may not be satisfactory or may not meet the level of statistical or clinical significance required
 by the FDA or other regulatory agencies for marketing approval; 

the
 dosing of our drug candidate in a particular clinical trial may not be at an optimal level; 

patients
 in our clinical trials may suffer adverse effects for reasons that may or may not be related to our drug candidate; 

the
 data collected from clinical trials may not be sufficient to support the submission of an NDA or other submission or to obtain regulatory
 approval in the United States or elsewhere; 

the
 FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may fail to approve the manufacturing processes or facilities of third-party manufacturers
 with which we contract for clinical and commercial supplies; and 

the
 approval policies or regulations of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may significantly change in a manner rendering
 our clinical data insufficient for approval. 

29 

Failure
to obtain regulatory approval for our drug candidate for the foregoing, or any other reasons, will prevent us from commercializing our
drug candidate, and our ability to generate revenue will be materially impaired. We cannot guarantee that regulators will agree with
our assessment of the results of our ongoing and future clinical trials or that such trials will be successful. The FDA and other regulators
have substantial discretion in the approval process and may refuse to accept any application or may decide that our data is insufficient
for approval and require additional clinical trials, or preclinical or other studies. In addition, varying interpretations of the data
obtained from preclinical and clinical testing could delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval of our drug candidate. 

We
have not submitted an NDA or received regulatory approval to market our drug candidate in any jurisdiction. We have no experience in
filing the applications necessary to gain regulatory approvals and expect to rely on consultants and third party CROs, with expertise
in this area to assist us in this process. Securing regulatory approvals to market a product requires the submission of preclinical,
clinical, and/or pharmacokinetic data, information about product manufacturing processes and inspection of facilities and supporting
information to the appropriate regulatory authorities for each therapeutic indication to establish a drug candidate s safety and
efficacy for each indication. Our drug candidate may prove to have undesirable or unintended side effects, toxicities or other characteristics
that may preclude us from obtaining regulatory approval or prevent or limit commercial use with respect to one or all intended indications. 

The
process of obtaining regulatory approvals is expensive, often takes many years, if approval is obtained at all, and can vary substantially
based upon, among other things, the type, complexity and novelty of the drug candidate involved, the jurisdiction in which regulatory
approval is sought and the substantial discretion of the regulatory authorities. Changes in regulatory approval policies during the development
period, changes in or the enactment of additional statutes or regulations, or changes in regulatory review for a submitted product application
may cause delays in the approval or rejection of an application. 

Even
if we receive regulatory approval for ANEB-001, our lead drug candidate, we may not be able to successfully commercialize the product
and the revenue that we generate from its sales, if any, may be limited. 

If
approved for marketing, the commercial success of ANEB-001 will depend upon the product s acceptance by the medical community,
including physicians, patients and healthcare payors. The degree of market acceptance for our drug candidate will depend on a number
of factors, including: 

demonstration
 of clinical safety and efficacy; 

relative
 convenience, dosing burden and ease of administration; 

the
 prevalence and severity of any adverse effects; 

the
 willingness of physicians to prescribe our drug candidate, and the target patient population to try new therapies; 

efficacy
 of our drug candidate compared to competing products; 

the
 introduction of any new products that may in the future become available targeting indications for which our drug candidate may be
 approved; 

new
 procedures or therapies that may reduce the incidences of any of the indications in which our drug candidate may show utility; 

pricing
 and cost-effectiveness; 

the
 inclusion or omission of our drug candidate in applicable therapeutic and vaccine guidelines; 

the
 effectiveness of our own or any future collaborators sales and marketing strategies; 

limitations
 or warnings contained in approved labeling from regulatory authorities; 

our
 ability to obtain and maintain sufficient third-party coverage or reimbursement from government healthcare programs, including Medicare
 and Medicaid, private health insurers and other third-party payors or to receive the necessary pricing approvals from government
 bodies regulating the pricing and usage of therapeutics; and 

the
 willingness of patients to pay out-of-pocket in the absence of third-party coverage or reimbursement or government pricing approvals. 

30 

If
our drug candidate is approved, but does not achieve an adequate level of acceptance by physicians, healthcare payors and patients, we
may not generate sufficient revenue and we may not be able to achieve or sustain profitability. Our efforts to educate the medical community
and third-party payors on the benefits of our drug candidates may require significant resources and may never be successful. 

In
addition, even if we obtain regulatory approvals, the timing or scope of any approvals may prohibit or reduce our ability to commercialize
our drug candidate successfully. For example, if the approval process takes too long, we may miss market opportunities and give other
companies the ability to develop competing products or establish market dominance. Any regulatory approval we ultimately obtain may be
limited or subject to restrictions or post-approval commitments that render our drug candidate not commercially viable. For example,
regulatory authorities may approve our drug candidate for fewer or more limited indications than we request, may not approve the price
we intend to charge for our drug candidate, may grant approval contingent on the performance of costly post-marketing clinical trials,
or may approve our drug candidate with a label that does not include the labeling claims necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization
of that indication. Further, the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may place conditions on approvals or require risk management
plans or a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy REMS to assure the safe use of the drug. If the FDA concludes a REMS
is needed, the sponsor of the NDA must submit a proposed REMS; the FDA will not approve the NDA without an approved REMS, if required.
A REMS could include medication guides, physician communication plans, or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution
methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. The FDA may also require a REMS for an approved product when new safety
information emerges. Any of these limitations on approval or marketing could restrict the commercial promotion, distribution, prescription
or dispensing of our drug candidate. Moreover, product approvals may be withdrawn for non-compliance with regulatory standards or if
problems occur following the initial marketing of the product. Any of the foregoing scenarios could materially harm the commercial success
of our drug candidate. 

Interim,
topline and preliminary data from our preclinical studies or clinical trials may change as more data become available, and are subject
to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data. 

From
time to time, we may publicly disclose preliminary, interim or topline data from our preclinical studies or clinical trials, which may
be subject to change following a more comprehensive review of the data related to the particular study or trial. We also make assumptions,
estimations, calculations and conclusions as part of our analyses of data, and we may not have received or had the opportunity to fully
and carefully evaluate all data. As a result, the interim, topline or preliminary results that we report may differ from future results
of the same studies, or different conclusions or considerations may qualify such results, once additional data have been received and
fully evaluated. Topline data also remain subject to audit and verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially
different from the preliminary data we previously published. As a result, interim, topline and preliminary data should be viewed with
caution until the final data are available. Adverse differences between preliminary, interim or topline data and final data could significantly
harm our business prospects. 

Further,
others, including regulatory agencies, may not accept or agree with our assumptions, estimates, calculations, conclusions or analyses
or may interpret or weigh the importance of data differently, which could impact the approvability or commercialization of the particular
drug candidate and our company in general. In addition, the information we choose to publicly disclose regarding a particular study or
clinical trial is based on what is typically extensive information, and you or others may not agree with what we determine to be material
or otherwise appropriate information to include in our disclosure, and any information we determine not to disclose may ultimately be
deemed significant with respect to future decisions, conclusions, views, activities or otherwise regarding a particular drug candidate
or our business. If the interim, topline, or preliminary data that we report differ from actual results, or if others, including regulatory
authorities, disagree with the conclusions reached, our ability to obtain approval for and commercialize our drug candidates, our business,
operating results, prospects or financial condition may be harmed. 

Even
if we obtain marketing approval for ANEB-001, we will be subject to ongoing obligations and continued regulatory review, which may result
in significant additional expense. Additionally, ANEB-001 could be subject to labeling and other restrictions and withdrawal from the
market and we may be subject to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or if we experience unanticipated problems
with ANEB-001. 

Even
if we obtain regulatory approval for ANEB-001 for an indication, the FDA or foreign equivalent may still impose significant restrictions
on their indicated uses or marketing or the conditions of approval, or impose ongoing requirements for potentially costly and time-consuming
post-approval studies and post-market surveillance to monitor safety and efficacy. Our drug candidate will also be subject to ongoing
regulatory requirements governing the manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, distribution, safety surveillance, advertising, promotion,
recordkeeping and reporting of adverse events and other post-market information. These requirements include registration with the FDA,
as well as continued compliance with current GCP regulations, for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval. In addition, manufacturers
of drug products and their facilities are subject to continual review and periodic inspections by the FDA and other regulatory authorities
for compliance with CGMP requirements relating to quality control, quality assurance and corresponding maintenance of records and documents. 

The
FDA has the authority to require a REMS as part of an NDA or after approval, which may impose further requirements or restrictions on
the distribution or use of an approved drug, such as limiting prescribing to certain physicians or medical centers that have undergone
specialized training, limiting treatment to patients who meet certain safe-use criteria or requiring patient testing, monitoring and/or
enrollment in a registry. 

With
respect to sales and marketing activities by us or any future partner, advertising and promotional materials must comply with FDA rules
in addition to other applicable federal, state and local laws in the United States and similar legal requirements in other countries.
Application holders must obtain FDA approval for product and manufacturing changes, depending on the nature of the change. 

31 

If
we or a regulatory agency discovers previously unknown problems with our product, such as adverse events of unanticipated severity or
frequency, problems with the facility where the product is manufactured, or we or our manufacturers fail to comply with applicable regulatory
requirements, we may be subject to the following administrative or judicial sanctions: 

restrictions
 on the manufacturing or marketing of the product (including complete withdrawal or recall of the product); 

warning
 letters or holds on post-approval clinical trials; 

FDA s
 refusal to approve pending NDA s or supplements to approved NDA 

suspension
 or revocation of product license approvals; 

product
 seizures or detentions; 

FDA s
 refusal to allow imports or exports of products; or 

civil
 penalties, criminal penalties or injunctions. 

The
occurrence of any event or penalty described above may inhibit our ability to commercialize our drug candidate and generate revenue.
Adverse regulatory action, whether pre- or post-approval, can also potentially lead to product liability claims and increase our product
liability exposure. 

Any
products we develop may become subject to unfavorable pricing regulations, third-party coverage and reimbursement practices or healthcare
reform initiatives, thereby harming our business. 

In
the United States, commercial sales of any products subject to regulatory approval could be conditioned on whether third-party payors
(such as government authorities, managed care providers, private health insurers and other organizations) are able to provide coverage
and reimbursement in connection with the products. 

Coverage
and reimbursement of costs are areas of significant uncertainty for any products subject to regulatory approval. The process for determining
coverage versus reimbursement may vary widely among third-party payors. Third-party payors may also impose additional requirements on
and restrictions to coverage and reimbursement, which could influence the purchase of certain healthcare services and products. 

Third-party
payors may limit coverage to specific drugs on an approved list, or formulary, which could omit some FDA-approved drugs for a particular
indication. Third-party payors may also place drugs at certain formulary levels that result in a lower reimbursement and higher cost-sharing
obligation for patients. A third-party payor s decision to provide coverage for a product may not necessarily imply approval of
an adequate reimbursement rate. In addition, the unavailability of third-party reimbursement may affect our ability to maintain price
levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development. Coverage by one third-party payor may not
necessarily indicate or imply coverage or reimbursement by other third-party payors. Also, the level or scope of coverage and reimbursement
may vary significantly among third-party payors. Further, commercial third-party payors often rely upon Medicare coverage policies and
payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement rates. In addition to scrutinizing the safety and efficacy of medical products
and services, third-party payors have increasingly begun to examine and challenge the price, cost-effectiveness and necessity of certain
products and services. Thus, to obtain and maintain coverage and reimbursement for any products approved for sale, the conducting of
expensive pharmacoeconomic studies may be required to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of such products. There
is a chance that third-party payors may not consider our product medically necessary or cost-effective. If third-party payors make such
a determination, they may not cover the product after approval as a benefit under their plans. If third-party payors do cover the product,
the returns from sales of our product may not sufficiently yield a profit. Our inability to promptly obtain coverage, and adequate reimbursement
for new therapeutics we develop and for which we obtain regulatory approval could have a material adverse effect on our operating results,
our ability to raise capital needed to commercialize products and our financial condition. 

Furthermore,
federal and state governmental authorities have increasingly shown an interest in implementing cost containment programs to limit government-paid
healthcare costs. Such cost containment programs include restrictions on coverage and reimbursement, price controls and requirements
to substitute branded prescription drugs with generic products. The adoption and expansion of such restrictive policies and controls
could impose limitations or exclusions from coverage for our product. 

32 

In
the United States, we expect third-party payors and government authorities to increase emphasis on managed care and cost containment
measures, which will impact the pricing and coverage for pharmaceutical products. Coverage policies and third-party reimbursement rates
may change at any time. Even if we achieve favorable coverage and reimbursement status for an approved product, less favorable coverage
policies and reimbursement rates could still be implemented in the future. 

Current
legislation may increase the difficulty and cost for us to commercialize ANEB-001 and affect the prices we may obtain and our current
and future relationships with healthcare professionals, clinical investigators, consultants, patient organizations, customers, CROs and
third-party payors. 

Healthcare
providers and third-party payors play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of any product candidates for which the Company
obtains marketing approval. The Company s current and future arrangements with healthcare professionals, including HCPs, clinical
investigators, CROs, third-party payors and customers may expose it to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and
regulations that may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which the Company markets, sells and
distributes its products for which it obtains marketing approval. Restrictions under applicable federal and state healthcare laws and
regulations include the following: 

the
 federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, persons and entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering,
 receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward, or in return for, either the
 referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order or recommendation of, any good or service, for which payment may be made under
 a federal healthcare program such as Medicare and Medicaid. Moreover, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended
 by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively, the ACA provides that the government may
 assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false
 or fraudulent claim for purposes of the civil False Claims Act; 

the
 federal civil and criminal false claims, including the civil False Claims Act, which can be enforced by private citizens through
 civil whistleblower or qui tam actions, and civil monetary penalties laws prohibit individuals or entities from, among other things,
 knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, to the federal government, claims for payment that are false or fraudulent or making
 a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government; 

the
 FDCA, which prohibits, among other things, the adulteration or misbranding of drugs, biologics and medical devices; 

analogous
 state and foreign laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws which may apply to sales or marketing arrangements
 and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers,
 state laws that require biotechnology companies to comply with the biotechnology industry s voluntary compliance guidelines
 and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government and may require drug manufacturers to report information
 related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures, state laws
 that require biotechnology companies to report information on the pricing of certain drug products, state and local laws that require
 the registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives; 

the
 federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA prohibits, among other things, executing
 or attempting to execute a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or making false statements relating to healthcare matters; 

33 

federal
 consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm
 consumers; 

the
 federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act requires applicable manufacturers of covered drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies
 for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program, with specific exceptions,
 to annually report to the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services CMS information regarding payments and other
 transfers of value to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), other health
 care professionals (such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners) and teaching hospitals, as well as information regarding
 ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members; and 

HIPAA,
 as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act and their implementing regulations, also imposes
 obligations, including mandatory contractual terms, on covered entities, including certain healthcare providers, health
 plans, healthcare clearinghouses, and their respective business associates that create, receive, maintain or transmit
 individually identifiable health information for or on behalf of a covered entity as well as their covered subcontractors, with respect
 to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information, as well as analogous state
 and foreign laws that govern the privacy and security of health information in some circumstances, many of which differ from each
 other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts; 

analogous
 state laws and regulations, such as, state anti-kickback and false claims laws potentially applicable to sales or marketing arrangements
 and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers;
 and some state laws require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines
 and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government in addition to requiring drug manufacturers to report
 information related to payments to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures, state and local laws that
 require the registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives, and state laws governing the privacy and security of personal data
 (including personal health information) in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often
 are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts; and state transparency laws that require the reporting of certain
 pricing information; among other state laws. 

Efforts
to ensure that the Company s current and future business arrangements with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare
laws and regulations will involve on-going substantial costs. If the Company s operations are found to be in violation of any of
these laws or any other governmental regulations that may apply to it, it may be subject to significant penalties, including civil, criminal
and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, exclusion from participation in government funded healthcare
programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid or similar programs in other countries or jurisdictions, integrity oversight and reporting obligations,
contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings and the curtailment or restructuring of the Company s
operations. Defending against any such actions can be costly, time-consuming and may require significant financial and personnel resources.
Therefore, even if the Company is successful in defending against any such actions that may be brought against it, its business may be
impaired. 

34 

ANEB-001,
our lead drug candidate, may face competition sooner than expected. 

Our
success will depend in part on our ability to obtain and maintain patent protection for important aspects of ANEB-001 and technologies
and to prevent third parties from infringing upon our proprietary rights. We must also operate without infringing upon patents and proprietary
rights of others, including by obtaining appropriate licenses to patents or other proprietary rights held by third parties, if necessary.
However, the applications we have filed or may file in the future may never yield patents that protect our inventions and intellectual
property assets. Failure to obtain patents that sufficiently cover our formulations and technologies would limit our protection against
compounding pharmacies, outsourcing facilities, generic drug manufacturers, pharmaceutical companies and other parties who may seek to
copy our products, produce products substantially similar to ours or use technologies substantially similar to those we own. 

Any
termination or suspension of, or delays in the commencement or completion of, any necessary studies of ANEB-001, our lead drug candidate,
for any indications could result in increased costs to us, delay or limit our ability to generate revenue and adversely affect our commercial
prospects. 

The
commencement and completion of clinical studies can be delayed for a number of reasons, including delays related to: 

the
 FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority failing to grant permission to proceed and placing the clinical study on hold; 

subjects
 for clinical testing failing to enroll or remain in our trials at the rate we expect; 

a
 facility manufacturing our drug candidate being ordered by the FDA or other government or regulatory authorities to temporarily or
 permanently shut down due to violations of CGMP requirements or other applicable requirements, or contamination of our drug candidate
 in the manufacturing process; 

any
 changes to our manufacturing process that may be necessary or desired; 

subjects
 choosing an alternative treatment for the indications for which we are developing our drug candidate, or participating in competing
 clinical studies; 

subjects
 experiencing severe or unexpected drug-related adverse effects; 

reports
 from clinical testing on similar technologies and products raising safety and/or efficacy concerns; 

third-party
 clinical investigators losing their license or permits necessary to perform our clinical trials, not performing our clinical trials
 on our anticipated schedule or employing methods consistent with the clinical trial protocol, CGMP requirements, or other third parties
 not performing data collection and analysis in a timely or accurate manner; 

inspections
 of clinical study sites by the FDA, comparable foreign regulatory authorities, or IRB s finding regulatory violations that
 require us to undertake corrective action, result in suspension or termination of one or more sites or the imposition of a clinical
 hold on the entire study, or that prohibit us from using some or all of the data in support of our marketing applications with the
 FDA; 

third-party
 contractors becoming debarred or suspended or otherwise penalized by the FDA or other government or regulatory authorities for violations
 of regulatory requirements, in which case we may need to find a substitute contractor, and we may not be able to use some or any
 of the data produced by such contractors in support of our marketing applications with the FDA; 

one
 or more IRB s refusing to approve, suspending or terminating the study at an investigational site, precluding enrollment of
 additional subjects, or withdrawing its approval of the trial; reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective CROs and clinical
 trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and trial
 sites; 

deviations
 of the clinical sites from trial protocols or dropping out of a trial; 

adding
 new clinical trial sites; 

the
 inability of the CROs to execute any clinical trials for any reason; and 

government
 or regulatory delays or clinical holds requiring suspension or termination of a trial. 

Product
development costs for our drug candidate will increase if we have delays in testing or approval or if we need to perform more or larger
clinical studies than planned. Additionally, changes in regulatory requirements and policies may occur and we may need to amend study
protocols to reflect these changes. Amendments may require us to resubmit our study protocols to the FDA, comparable foreign regulatory
authorities, and IRBs for reexamination, which may impact the costs, timing or successful completion of that study. If we experience
delays in completion of, or if we, the FDA or other regulatory authorities, the IRB, or other reviewing entities, or any of our clinical
study sites suspend or terminate any of our clinical studies of our drug candidate, its commercial prospects may be materially harmed
and our ability to generate product revenues will be delayed. Any delays in completing our clinical trials will increase our costs, slow
down our development and approval process and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenues. Any of these occurrences
may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. In addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead to, termination
or suspension of, or a delay in the commencement or completion of, clinical studies may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory
approval of our drug candidate. In addition, if one or more clinical studies are delayed, our competitors may be able to bring products
to market before we do, and the commercial viability of our drug candidate could be significantly reduced. 

35 

Clinical
drug development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome, and results of earlier studies and trials may not
be predictive of future trial results. 

Clinical
testing of our drug candidate is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. Failure can
occur at any time during the clinical trial process. The results of preclinical testing and early clinical trials may not be predictive
of the results of later-stage clinical trials. We cannot assure you that the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities will view
the results as we do or that any future trials of our drug candidate will achieve positive results. Drugs in later stages of clinical
trials may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy traits despite having progressed through preclinical testing and initial clinical
trials. A number of companies in the biopharmaceutical industry have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials due to
lack of efficacy or adverse safety profiles, notwithstanding promising results in earlier trials. Any future clinical trial results for
our drug candidate may not be successful. 

In
addition, a number of factors could contribute to a lack of favorable safety and efficacy results for our drug candidate. For example,
such trials could result in increased variability due to varying site characteristics, such as local standards of care and differences
in evaluation period, and due to varying patient characteristics including demographic factors and health status. 

We
may be exposed to product liability risks, and clinical and preclinical liability risks, which could place a substantial financial burden
upon us should we be sued. 

Our
business exposes us to potential product liability and other liability risks that are inherent in the testing, manufacturing and marketing
of pharmaceutical formulations and products. We cannot be sure that claims will not be asserted against us. We cannot give assurances
that we will be able to continue to obtain or maintain adequate product liability insurance on acceptable terms, if at all, or that such
insurance will provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. A successful liability claim or series of claims brought against
us, and any claims or losses in excess of any product liability insurance coverage that we may obtain, could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

ANEB-001,
our lead product candidate, may have undesirable side effects which may delay or prevent marketing approval, or, if approval is received,
require it to be taken off the market, require it to include safety warnings or otherwise limit sales of the product. 

Unforeseen
side effects from ANEB-001 could arise either during clinical development or, if approved, after the product has been marketed. This
could cause regulatory approvals for, or market acceptance of, the product to be harder and more costly to obtain. 

To
date, no serious adverse events have been attributed to ANEB-001. However, development of ANEB-001 for weight loss was discontinued by
Vernalis after a different CB1 antagonist showed significant side effects after prolonged administration (months or more). While we current
expect ANEB-001 to be limited to a single dose to treat ACI, there may be unforeseen side effects from ANEB-001 for the treatment of
ACI or other indications we may explore. The results of our current or future clinical trials may show that our product candidate causes
undesirable or unacceptable side effects, which could interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials, and result in delay of, or failure to
obtain, marketing approval from the FDA and other regulatory authorities, or result in marketing approval from the FDA and other regulatory
authorities with restrictive label warnings. If our product candidate receives marketing approval and we or others later identify undesirable
or unacceptable side effects caused by the use of our product: 

regulatory
 authorities may withdraw their approval of the product, which would force us to remove the product from the market; 

regulatory
 authorities may require the addition of labeling statements, specific warnings, a contraindication, or field alerts to physicians,
 pharmacies and others; 

we
 may be required to change instructions regarding the way the product is administered, conduct additional clinical trials or change
 the labeling of the product; 

we
 may be subject to limitations on how we may promote the product; 

sales
 of the product may decrease significantly; 

we
 may be subject to litigation or product liability claims; and 

our
 reputation may suffer. 

Any
of these events could prevent us or our potential future collaborators from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the product
or could substantially increase commercialization costs and expenses, which in turn could delay or prevent us from generating significant
revenues from the sale of our product. 

36 

We
currently have no marketing and sales organization and we have no direct experience marketing pharmaceutical products. If we are unable
to establish our own marketing and sales capabilities, or enter into agreements with third parties to market and sell our products after
approval, we may not be able to generate product revenues. 

We
do not have a sales organization for the marketing, sales and distribution of any pharmaceutical products. In order to commercialize
ANEB-001, we must develop these capabilities on our own or make arrangements with third parties for the marketing, sales and distribution
of our products, if approved. The establishment and development of a direct sales force will be expensive and time-consuming and could
delay our product launch, and we cannot be certain that we would be able to successfully develop this capability. As a result, we may
seek one or more partners to handle some or all of the sales, marketing and distribution of our products once approved. There also may
be certain markets within the United States and elsewhere for our product candidates that receive approval for which we may seek a co-promotion
arrangement. However, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with third parties to sell any of our products that may be approved
on favorable terms, or at all. In the event, we are unable to develop our own marketing and sales force or collaborate with a third-party
marketing and sales organization, we will not be able to commercialize our current or future product candidates following approval, which
will negatively impact our ability to generate product revenues. Furthermore, whether we commercialize our product candidates following
approval on our own or rely on a third party, our ability to generate revenue would be dependent on the effectiveness of the sales force.
In addition, to the extent we rely on third parties to commercialize any product candidate that may be approved in the future, we would
likely receive less revenues than if we commercialized such product candidates ourselves. 

New
drugs, which may be developed by others, could impair our ability to maintain and grow our business and remain competitive. 

The
pharmaceutical industry is subject to rapid and substantial technological change. Developments by others may render our technologies
and product candidates non-competitive or obsolete. For example, Aelis Farma, which is developing a medication based on a pregnanolone
derivative to treat cannabis use disorders, and Indivior PLC, which is developing a drinabant injection to treat acute
cannabis overdose, could obtain regulatory approval before we are able to obtain regulatory approval for ANEB-001, which could materially
harm our business prospects. We also may be unable to keep pace with technological developments and other market factors. Technological
competition from medical device, pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, universities, governmental entities and others diversifying
into the field is intense and is expected to increase. Many of these entities have significantly greater research and development capabilities
and budgets than we do, as well as substantially more marketing, manufacturing, financial and managerial resources. These entities represent
significant competition for us. 

Risks
Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties 

We
depend on third parties in connection with our preclinical testing and clinical trials, which may result in costs and delays that prevent
us from obtaining regulatory approval or successfully commercializing ANEB-001 or future product candidates. 

We
engage third parties to perform various aspects of our preclinical testing and clinical trials. We have entered into agreements with
third parties, including Traxeus, Aptuit (Verona) SRL, Sterling Pharma Solutions, and Centre for Human Drug Research, which provide certain
pharmaceutical research and development services to us. We depend on these third parties to perform these activities on a timely basis
in accordance with the protocol, good laboratory practices, good clinical practices and other regulatory requirements. Our reliance on
these third parties for preclinical and clinical development activities reduces our control over these activities. Accordingly, if these
parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines, our preclinical testing and
clinical trials may be extended, delayed, terminated or our data may be rejected by the FDA. If there are delays in testing or obtaining
regulatory approvals as a result of a third party s failure to perform, our drug discovery and development costs will likely increase,
and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or successfully commercialize our current or future product candidates. 

Third
parties abilities to adequately and timely manufacture and supply our current or future product candidates is dependent on the
operation of their facilities which may be impacted by, among other things: 

availability,
 performance or contamination of raw materials and components used in the manufacturing process, particularly those for which we have
 no other source or supplier; 

capacity
 of their facilities; 

the
 performance of information technology systems; 

compliance
 with regulatory requirements; 

inclement
 weather and natural disasters; 

changes
 in forecasts of future demand for product components; 

timing
 and actual number of production runs for product components; 

potential
 facility contamination by microorganisms or viruses; 

updating
 of manufacturing specifications; and 

product
 quality success rates and yields. 

37 

If
the efficient manufacture and supply of our current or future product candidates is interrupted, we may experience delayed shipments
or supply constraints, which may materially impact our ongoing and future preclinical testing and clinical trials. 

Any
contract manufacturer must undergo a potentially lengthy FDA approval process, as well as other regulatory approval processes, and are
subject to continued review by the FDA and other regulatory authorities. If we or our third-party service providers cease or interrupt
production or if our third-party service providers fail to supply materials, products or services to us, we may experience delayed shipments,
and supply constraints for our current or future product candidates. 

We
will be completely dependent on third parties to manufacture ANEB-001, and our commercialization of ANEB-001 could be halted, delayed
or made less profitable if those third parties fail to obtain manufacturing approval from the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities,
fail to provide us with sufficient quantities of ANEB-001 or fail to do so at acceptable quality levels or prices. 

We
do not currently have, nor do we plan to acquire, the capability or infrastructure to manufacture the API in ANEB-001 for use in our
clinical trials or for commercial product, if any. In addition, we do not have the capability to encapsulate our drug candidate as a
finished drug product for commercial distribution. As a result, we will be obligated to rely on contract manufacturers, if and when our
drug candidate is approved for commercialization. We have not entered into an agreement with any contract manufacturers for commercial
supply and may not be able to engage a contract manufacturer for commercial supply of our drug candidate on favorable terms to us, or
at all. 

The
facilities used by our contract manufacturers to manufacture our drug candidate must be approved by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory
authorities pursuant to inspections that will be conducted after we submit an NDA to the FDA or their equivalents to other relevant regulatory
authorities. We will not control the manufacturing process of, and will be completely dependent on, our contract manufacturing partners
for compliance with CGMP regulations for the manufacture of both active drug substances and finished drug products. These CGMP regulations
cover all aspects of the manufacturing, testing, quality control and record keeping relating to our drug candidates. If our contract
manufacturers do not successfully manufacture material that conforms to our specifications and the strict regulatory requirements of
the FDA or others, they will not be able to secure and/or maintain regulatory approval for their manufacturing facilities. If the FDA
or a comparable foreign regulatory authority does not approve these facilities for the manufacture of our drug candidate or if it withdraws
any such approval in the future, we may need to find alternative manufacturing facilities, which would significantly impact our ability
to develop, obtain regulatory approval for or market our drug candidate, if approved. 

Our
contract manufacturers will be subject to ongoing periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and corresponding state and foreign agencies
for compliance with CGMP regulations and similar regulatory requirements. We will not have control over our contract manufacturers 
compliance with these regulations and standards. Failure by any of our contract manufacturers to comply with applicable regulations could
result in sanctions being imposed on us, including fines, injunctions, civil penalties, failure to grant approval to market our drug
candidate, delays, suspensions or withdrawals of approvals, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions, any of which could significantly
and adversely affect our business. In addition, we will not have control over the ability of our contract manufacturers to maintain adequate
quality control, quality assurance and qualified personnel. Failure by our contract manufacturers to comply with or maintain any of these
standards could adversely affect our ability to develop, obtain regulatory approval for or market any of our drug candidate. 

If,
for any reason, these third parties are unable or unwilling to perform, we may not be able to terminate our agreements with them, and
we may not be able to locate alternative manufacturers or formulators or enter into favorable agreements with them and we cannot be certain
that any such third parties will have the manufacturing capacity to meet future requirements. If these manufacturers or any alternate
manufacturer of finished drug product experiences any significant difficulties in its respective manufacturing processes for our API
or finished products or should cease doing business with us, we could experience significant interruptions in the supply of our drug
candidate or may not be able to create a supply of our drug candidate at all. Were we to encounter manufacturing issues, our ability
to produce a sufficient supply of our drug candidate might be negatively affected. Our inability to coordinate the efforts of our third-party
manufacturing partners, or the lack of capacity available at our third-party manufacturing partners, could impair our ability to supply
our drug candidate at required levels. Because of the significant regulatory requirements that we would need to satisfy in order to qualify
a new bulk or finished product manufacturer, if we face these or other difficulties with our current manufacturing partners, we could
experience significant interruptions in the supply of our drug candidate if we decided to transfer the manufacturing of our drug candidate
to one or more alternative manufacturers in an effort to deal with the difficulties. 

38 

Any
manufacturing problem or the loss of a contract manufacturer could be disruptive to our operations and result in lost sales. Additionally,
we rely on third parties to supply the raw materials needed to manufacture our potential product. Any reliance on suppliers may involve
several risks, including a potential inability to obtain critical materials and reduced control over production costs, delivery schedules,
reliability and quality. Any unanticipated disruption to a future contract manufacturer caused by problems at suppliers could delay shipment
of our drug candidate, increase our cost of goods sold and result in lost sales. 

We
cannot guarantee that our future manufacturing and supply partners will be able to reduce the costs of commercial scale manufacturing
of our drug candidate over time. If the commercial-scale manufacturing costs of our drug candidate are higher than expected, these costs
may significantly impact our operating results. In order to reduce costs, we may need to develop and implement process improvements.
However, in order to do so, we will need, from time to time, to notify or make submissions with regulatory authorities, and the improvements
may be subject to approval by such regulatory authorities. 

We
cannot be sure that we will receive these necessary approvals or that these approvals will be granted in a timely fashion. We also cannot
guarantee that we will be able to enhance and optimize output in our commercial manufacturing process. If we cannot enhance and optimize
output, we may not be able to reduce our costs over time. 

Our
reliance on collaborations with third parties to develop and commercialize ANEB-001 is subject to inherent risks and may result in delays
in product development and lost or reduced revenues, restricting our ability to commercialize ANEB-001 and adversely affecting our profitability. 

Our
ability to develop, obtain regulatory approval of, manufacture and commercialize ANEB-001 depends upon our ability to maintain existing,
and enter into and maintain new, contractual and collaborative arrangements with others. We also engage, and intend in the future to
continue to engage, contract manufacturers and clinical trial investigators. 

In
addition, although not a primary component of our current strategy, the identification of new compounds or product candidates for development
may require us to enter into license or other collaborative agreements with others, including other pharmaceutical companies and research
institutions. Such collaborative agreements for the acquisition of new compounds or product candidates would typically require us to
pay license fees, make milestone payments and/or pay royalties. Furthermore, these agreements may result in our revenues being lower
than if we developed such product candidates and in our loss of control over the development of such product candidates. 

Contractors
or collaborators may have the right to terminate their agreements with us or reduce their payments to us under those agreements on limited
or no notice and for no reason or reasons outside of our control. For example, we may be unable to maintain our relationship with Vernalis
on a commercially reasonable basis, if at all. If we are unable to retain Vernalis as a licensor on commercially acceptable terms, we
may not be able to commercialize ANEB-001 and we may experience delays in or suspension of the marketing of ANEB-001. The same could
apply to other product candidates we may develop or acquire in the future. Our dependence upon third parties to assist with the development
and commercialization of our product candidates may adversely affect our ability to generate profits or acceptable profit margins and
our ability to develop and deliver such product candidates on a timely and competitive basis. 

If
our current or future licensees exercise termination rights they may have, or if these license agreements terminate because of delays
in obtaining regulatory approvals, or for other reasons, and we are not able to establish replacement or additional research and development
collaborations or licensing arrangements, we may not be able to develop and/or commercialize our product candidates. Moreover, any future
collaborations or license arrangements we may enter into may not be on terms favorable to us. 

39 

A
further risk we face with the collaborations is that business combinations and changes in the collaborator or their business strategy
may adversely affect their willingness or ability to complete their obligations to us. Our current or any future collaborations or license
arrangements ultimately may not be successful. Our agreements with collaborators typically allow them discretion in electing whether
to pursue various development, regulatory, commercialization and other activities. If any collaborator were to breach its agreement with
us or otherwise fail to conduct collaborative activities in a timely or successful manner, the preclinical or clinical development or
commercialization of the affected product candidate or research program would be delayed or terminated. 

Other
risks associated with our collaborative and contractual arrangements with others include the following: 

we
 may not have day-to-day control over the activities of our contractors or collaborators; 

our
 collaborators may fail to maintain, defend or enforce patents they own on compounds or technologies that are incorporated into the
 product candidates we develop with them; 

third
 parties may not fulfill their regulatory or other obligations; and 

we
 may not realize the contemplated or expected benefits from collaborative or other arrangements; and disagreements may arise regarding
 a breach of the arrangement, the interpretation of the agreement, ownership of proprietary rights, clinical results or regulatory
 approvals. 

These
factors could lead to delays in the development and/or commercialization of our current or future product candidates, or could result
in us not being able to commercialize our product candidates, if approved. Further, disagreements with our contractors or collaborators
could require or result in litigation or arbitration, which would be time-consuming and expensive. Our ultimate success may depend upon
the success and performance on the part of these third parties. If we fail to maintain these relationships or establish new relationships
as required, development and/or commercialization of our product candidates will be delayed or may never be realized. 

We currently outsource, and from time to time
in the future may outsource, a portion of our internal business functions to third-party providers. Outsourcing these functions has significant
risks, and our failure to manage these risks successfully could materially adversely affect our business. 

We
currently, and from time to time in the future, may outsource portions of our internal business functions to third-party providers.
For example, on March 2, 2023, we entered into a master services agreement with Potrero Hill Advisors, LLC Potrero ),
pursuant to which, among other things, Potrero agreed to serve as an independent consultant for purposes of providing us with
certain strategic and financial advice and support services, including the services of Sandra A. Gardiner as our Acting Chief
Financial Officer. On August 29, 2023, Potrero provided written notice to terminate the master services agreement and Ms. Gardiner
concurrently notified us of her resignation, each effective September 28, 2023. There can be no assurance that we will able to
identify a successor for Ms. Gardiner prior to the effective date of her resignation. If we are unable to retain individuals or
organizations to lead and/or support our finance and accounting functions, we
may experience significant disruptions in our operations, including our ability to timely comply with our reporting
obligations. We may also experience significant disruptions in our operations, including our ability to timely comply with
our reporting obligations, if these third-party providers do not perform as expected or if other third-party providers choose to discontinue
providing services to us. 

Risks
Related to Government Regulation of our Industry 

Legislative
or regulatory reform of the healthcare system may affect our ability to sell our products profitably. 

In
both the U.S. and certain foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory proposals to change the healthcare
system in ways that could impact our ability to sell future products and profitability. Legislative and regulatory proposals have been
made to expand post-approval requirements and restrict sales and promotional activities for pharmaceutical products. We do not know whether
additional legislative changes will be enacted, or whether the FDA regulations, guidance or interpretations will be changed, or what
the impact of such changes on the marketing approvals of our drug candidate, if any, may be. In addition, increased scrutiny by the U.S.
Congress of the FDA s approval process may significantly delay or prevent marketing approval, as well as subject us to more stringent
product labeling and post-marketing testing and other requirements. 

40 

On
March 23, 2010, President Obama signed into law the ACA, which includes a number of healthcare reform provisions and requires most U.S.
citizens to have health insurance. The ACA was intended to broaden access to health insurance, reduce or constrain the growth of healthcare
spending, enhance remedies against fraud and abuse, add new transparency requirements for healthcare and health insurance industries,
impose new taxes and fees on the health industry and impose additional health policy reforms. The law, among other things, imposes a
significant annual fee on companies that manufacture or import branded prescription drug products, addresses a new methodology by which
rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for drugs that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted
or injected, increases the minimum Medicaid rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program and extends the rebate
program to individuals enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations, and establishes a new Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program,
in which manufacturers must agree to offer 50 point-of-sale discounts off negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries
during their coverage gap period, as a condition for the manufacturer s outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D. Substantial
new provisions affecting compliance also have been added, which may require modification of business practices with healthcare practitioners.
The ACA also revised the definition of average manufacturer price for reporting purposes, which could increase the amount
of Medicaid drug rebates to states. Further, the law imposed a significant annual fee on companies that manufacture or import branded
prescription drug products. 

There
have been judicial, congressional, and executive branch efforts to repeal, modify or delay the implementation of the law. On June 17,
2021 the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed a challenge on procedural grounds that argued the ACA is unconstitutional in its entirety because
the individual mandate was repealed by Congress. In addition, on August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction
Act of 2022, or IRA, into law, which among other things, extends enhanced subsidies for individuals purchasing health insurance coverage
in ACA marketplaces through plan year 2025. The IRA also eliminates the donut hole under the Medicare Part D program beginning
in 2025 by significantly lowering the beneficiary maximum out-of-pocket cost and creating a new manufacturer discount program. It is possible
that the ACA will be subject to judicial or Congressional challenges in the future. If the ACA is repealed or modified, or if implementation
of certain aspects of the Health Care Reform Law are delayed, such repeal, modification or delay may materially adversely impact our
business, strategies, prospects, operating results or financial condition. We are unable to predict the full impact of any repeal or
modification in the implementation of the ACA on us at this time. 

In
addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the ACA was enacted. For example, the IRA, among other things, (1) directs the U.S. Department
of Health and Human Services HHS to negotiate the price of certain single-source drugs and biologics covered under Medicare
and (2) imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation. The IRA permits
HHS to implement many of these provisions through guidance, as opposed to regulation, for the initial years. HHS has and will continue
to issue and update guidance as these programs are implemented. These provisions will take effect progressively starting in fiscal year
2023, although the Medicare drug pricing negotiation program is currently subject to legal challenges. It is currently unclear how the
IRA will be implemented but is likely to have a significant impact on the pharmaceutical industry. Further, in response to the Biden administration s
October 2022 executive order, on February 14, 2023, HHS released a report outlining three new models for testing by the CMS Innovation
Center which will be evaluated on their ability to lower the cost of drugs, promote accessibility, and improve quality of care. It is
unclear whether the models will be utilized in any health reform measures in the future. We expect that additional
federal healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that federal and state governments
will pay for healthcare products and services, and in turn could significantly reduce the projected value of certain development projects
and reduce or eliminate our profitability. These new laws may result in additional reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding,
which could have a material adverse effect on customers for the Company s product candidates, if approved, and accordingly, the
financial operations. 

In
the coming years, additional changes could be made to governmental healthcare programs such as allowing the Medicare program to negotiate
prices for certain drugs that could significantly impact the development and success of our future product candidates, and we could be
adversely affected by current and future healthcare reforms. 

Clinical
trials for ANEB-001 have and may in the future be conducted outside the United States and not under an IND, and where this is the case,
the FDA may not accept data from such trials. 

Our
ongoing clinical trial for ANEB-001 is being conducted in the Netherlands and we may conduct future clinical trials outside of the United
States. Although the FDA may accept data from clinical trials conducted outside the United States and not under an IND in support of
research or marketing applications for our product candidates, this is subject to certain conditions set out in 21 C.F.R. 312.120.
For example, such foreign clinical trials should be conducted in accordance with GCP, including review and approval by an independent
ethics committee and obtaining the informed consent from subjects of the clinical trials. The FDA must also be able to validate the data
from the study through an onsite inspection if the agency deems it necessary. The foreign clinical data should also be applicable to
the U.S. population and U.S. medical practice. Other factors that may affect the acceptance of foreign clinical data include differences
in clinical conditions, study populations or regulatory requirements between the U.S. and the foreign country. If the FDA does not accept
such foreign clinical data, it would result in the need for additional trials, which would be costly and time-consuming and delay aspects
of our business plan, and which may result in our drug candidate not receiving marketing approval. 

41 

Risks
Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 

The
trading price and volume of our common stock in the public markets has experienced, and may in the future experience, volatility due
to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. 

The trading price and volume of
our common stock on The Nasdaq Capital Market has experienced, and may in the future experience, volatility. The market price of our common stock may fluctuate substantially
as a result of many factors, some of which are beyond our control. These fluctuations could cause you to lose all or part of the value
of your investment in our common stock. Factors that could cause fluctuations in the market price of our common stock include the following: 

quarterly
 variations in our results of operations; 

results
 of operations that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors; 

results
 of operations that vary from those of our competitors; 

changes
 in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates by securities analysts; 

publication
 of research reports about us or the pharmaceutical industry; 

announcements
 by us or our competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions or capital commitments; 

announcements
 by third parties of significant claims or proceedings against us; 

changes
 affecting the availability of financing in the wholesale and consumer lending markets; 

regulatory
 developments in the pharmaceutical industry; 

significant
 future sales of our common stock, and additions or departures of key personnel; 

the
 realization of any of the other risk factors presented in this Annual Report; and 

general
 economic, market and currency factors and conditions unrelated to our performance. 

In
addition, the stock market in general has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate
to operating performance of individual companies. These broad market factors may seriously harm the market price of our common stock,
regardless of our operating performance. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities,
securities class action litigation has often been instituted. A class action suit against us could result in significant liabilities
and, regardless of the outcome, could result in substantial costs and the diversion of our management s attention and resources. 

Future
sales, or the perception of future sales, of a substantial number of our shares of common stock could depress the trading price of our
common stock. 

If
we or our stockholders, particularly our officers, directors and large stockholders, sell a significant percentage of our outstanding
common stock in the public market or if the market perceives that these sales could occur, the market price of shares of our common stock
could decline. These sales may make it more difficult for us to sell equity or equity-linked securities in the future at a time and price
that we deem appropriate, or to use equity as consideration for future acquisitions. 

Our
principal stockholders and management own a substantial majority of our stock and will be able to exert significant control over matters
subject to stockholder approval. 

Certain
of our executive officers, directors and large stockholders own a substantial majority of our outstanding capital stock. As a result
of their share ownership, these stockholders have the ability to influence us through their ownership positions. These stockholders
may be able to determine all matters requiring stockholder approval. For example, these stockholders, acting together, can
control elections of directors, amendments of our organizational documents, or approval of any merger, sale of assets, or other major
corporate transaction. This may prevent or discourage unsolicited acquisition proposals or offers for our common stock that you may believe
are in your best interest as one of our stockholders. 

42 

Anti-takeover
provisions in our charter documents could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company and may affect the trading
price of our common stock. 

Our
corporate documents and Delaware corporate law contain provisions that may enable our board of directors to resist a change in control
of our company even if a change in control were to be considered favorable by you and other stockholders. These provisions: 

authorize
 the issuance of blank check preferred stock that could be issued by our board of directors to help defend against a
 takeover attempt; 

provide
 that vacancies on our board of directors, including vacancies as a result of removal or enlargement of the board of directors, may
 be filled by directors then in office, even though less than a quorum; 

establish
 that our board of directors is divided into three classes, with each class serving three-year staggered terms; 

specify
 that special meetings of our stockholders can be called only by our board of directors, chief executive officer or the chairman of
 our board of directors; 

establish
 an advance notice procedure for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting, including proposed nominations of persons
 for election to our board of directors; 

include
 a forum selection clause, which means certain litigation can only be brought in Delaware; and 

require
 supermajority stockholder voting to effect certain amendments to our certificate of incorporation and bylaws. 

In
addition, Delaware corporate law prohibits large stockholders, in particular those owning 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock,
from merging or consolidating with us except under certain circumstances. These provisions and other provisions under Delaware corporate
law could discourage, delay or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of our company. These provisions could also discourage
proxy contests and make it more difficult for our stockholders to elect directors of their choosing and cause us to take other corporate
actions our stockholders desire. 

Our
certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for substantially
all disputes between us and our stockholders, and federal district courts will be the sole and exclusive forum for Securities Act claims,
which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers,
or employees. 

Our
certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery
of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii)
any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by our directors, officers or other employees to us or to our stockholders,
(iii) any action asserting a claim against us or any director, officer or other employee arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware
General Corporation Law, our certificate of incorporation or bylaws or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs
doctrine, in all cases to the fullest extent permitted by law and subject to the court having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable
parties named as defendants; provided that these provisions of our certificate of incorporation will not apply to suits brought to enforce
a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act, or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 

Our
certificate of incorporation further provides that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive
forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act, unless we consent in writing to the selection
of an alternative forum. We note that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations
thereunder. Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce
any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. The choice of forum provisions may limit
a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our current or former
directors, officers, or other employees or stockholders, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our current or former directors,
officers, and other employees or stockholders. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provisions contained in our
certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving
such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

43 

We
do not expect to pay any dividends on our common stock. 

We
currently expect to retain all future earnings, if any, for future operation, expansion and debt repayment and have no current plans
to pay any cash dividends to holders of our common stock. Any decision to declare and pay dividends in the future will be made at the
discretion of our board of directors and will depend on, among other things, our operating results, financial condition, cash requirements,
contractual restrictions and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. In addition, we must comply with the covenants
in our credit agreements to be able to pay cash dividends, and our ability to pay dividends generally may be further limited by covenants
of any existing and future outstanding indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur. As a result, you may not receive any return on an investment
in our common stock unless you sell our common stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it. 

General
Risk Factors 

If
we fail to establish and maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting, our operating results and our ability
to operate our business could be harmed. 

Ensuring
that we have adequate internal control over financial reporting in place so that we can produce accurate financial statements on a timely
basis is a costly and time-consuming effort that needs to be re-evaluated frequently. Our internal control over financial reporting is
a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. In connection with our IPO, we began the process of documenting,
reviewing, and improving our internal controls and procedures for compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which requires an
annual management assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. If we are not able to comply with
the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act in a timely manner, or if we are unable to maintain proper and effective internal
controls, we may not be able to produce timely and accurate financial statements. If that were to happen, the market price of our common
stock could decline and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the stock exchange on which our common stock is listed,
the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Implementing
any appropriate changes to our internal controls may distract our officers and employees, entail substantial costs to modify our
existing processes, and take significant time to complete. These changes may not, however, be effective in maintaining the adequacy
of our internal controls, and any failure to maintain that adequacy, or consequent inability to produce accurate financial
statements on a timely basis, could increase our operating costs and harm our business. In addition, for so long as we are an
emerging growth company or a non-accelerated filer, our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to attest
to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. An
independent assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting could detect problems that our
management s assessment might not. Undetected material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting could lead
to financial statement restatements and require us to incur the expense of remediation. In addition, investors perceptions
that our internal controls are inadequate or that we are unable to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis may harm
our stock price and could have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

We
are incurring significantly increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management is required to devote substantial
time to compliance efforts. 

As
a public company, we are incurring significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. For
example, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ), the accounting and internal controls provisions of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, the
applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street
Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the Dodd-Frank Act ), as well as other rules and regulations implemented by
the SEC and Nasdaq, including the establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and changes in
corporate governance practices. Our management and other personnel must devote a substantial amount of time and resources to
complying with these requirements. Moreover, these rules and regulations are increasing our legal and financial compliance costs and
will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. In particular, we expect to incur significant expenses and devote
substantial management effort toward ensuring compliance with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which will
increase when we are no longer an emerging growth company, as defined by the JOBS Act if we are also at that time not a non-accelerated filer under appliable SEC rules. These new obligations will
require substantial attention from our management team and could divert their attention away from the day-to-day management of our
business. We will need to hire additional accounting and financial staff with appropriate public company experience and technical
accounting knowledge and maintain an internal audit function. We cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we may
incur as a result of being a public company or the timing of such costs. These rules and regulations could also make it more
difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors and board committees or as executive
officers, and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance. 

Changes
in accounting principles or guidance, or in their interpretations, could result in unfavorable accounting charges or effects, including
changes to our previously filed financial statements, which could cause our stock price to decline. 

We
prepare our financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. These principles
are subject to interpretation by the SEC and various bodies formed to interpret and create appropriate accounting principles and guidance.
A change in these principles or guidance, or in their interpretations, may have a significant negative effect on our reported results
and retroactively affect previously reported results, which, in turn, could cause our stock price to decline. 

44 

We
are an emerging growth company and our election to delay adoption of new or revised accounting standards applicable to
public companies may result in our financial statements not being comparable to those of some other public companies. As a result of
this and other reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies, our securities may be less attractive to investors. 

As
a company with less than 1.235 billion in annual revenue, we qualify as an emerging growth company under the JOBS
Act. An emerging growth company may take advantage of specified reduced reporting requirements that are otherwise generally
applicable to public companies. In particular, as an emerging growth company we: 

are
 not required to obtain an attestation and report from our auditors on our management s assessment of our internal control over
 financial reporting pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 

are
 not required to provide a detailed narrative disclosure discussing our compensation principles, objectives and elements and analyzing
 how those elements fit with our principles and objectives (commonly referred to as compensation discussion and analysis 

are
 not required to obtain a non-binding advisory vote from our stockholders on executive compensation or golden parachute arrangements
 (commonly referred to as the say-on-pay, say-on-frequency and say-on-golden-parachute votes); 

are
 exempt from certain executive compensation disclosure provisions requiring pay-versus-performance and CEO pay ratio disclosure; 

may
 present only two years of audited financial statements and only two years of related Management s Discussion Analysis
 of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A and 

are
 eligible to claim longer phase-in periods for the adoption of new or revised financial accounting standards under Section 107 of
 the JOBS Act. 

We
have and intend to continue to take advantage of all of these reduced reporting requirements and exemptions, including the longer phase-in
periods for the adoption of new or revised financial accounting standards under Section 107 of the JOBS Act. Our election to use the
phase-in periods may make it difficult to compare our financial statements to those of non-emerging growth companies and other emerging
growth companies that have opted out of the phase-in periods under Section 107 of the JOBS Act. 

Certain
of these reduced reporting requirements and exemptions were already available to us due to the fact that we also qualify as a
 smaller reporting company and a non-accelerated filer under SEC rules. For instance, non-accelerated
filers are not required to obtain an auditor attestation and report regarding management s assessment of internal control over
financial reporting, are smaller reporting companies are not required to provide a compensation discussion and analysis, are not
required to provide pay-versus-performance or CEO pay ratio disclosure, and may present only two years of audited financial
statements and related MD A disclosure. 

Under
the JOBS Act, we may take advantage of the above-described reduced reporting requirements and exemptions for up to five years after our
initial sale of common equity pursuant to a registration statement declared effective under the Securities Act, or such earlier time
that we no longer meet the definition of an emerging growth company. In this regard, the JOBS Act provides that we would cease to be
an emerging growth company if we have more than 1.235 billion in annual revenue, have more than 700 million in market
value of our common stock held by non-affiliates, or issue more than 1 billion in principal amount of non-convertible debt over a three-year
period. Under current SEC rules, however, we will continue to qualify as a smaller reporting company for so long as we
have a public float (i.e., the market value of common equity held by non-affiliates) of less than 250 million as of the last business
day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, or have annual revenue is less than 100 million during the most recently
completed fiscal year and have a public float of less than 700 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second
fiscal quarter. 

We
cannot predict if investors will find our securities less attractive due to our reliance on these exemptions. If investors were to find
our securities less attractive as a result of our election, we may have difficulty raising all of the proceeds we seek in this offering. 

Changes in tax laws or regulations
that are applied adversely to us or our customers may have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flow, financial condition or
results of operations. 

New income, sales, use or other
tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be enacted at any time, which could affect our business operations and financial
performance. Further, existing tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be interpreted, changed, modified or applied
adversely to us. For example, legislation enacted in 2017 informally titled the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and
Economic Security Act and the Inflation Reduction Act enacted many significant changes to the U.S. tax laws. As a further example, effective
January 1, 2022, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act eliminated the option to deduct research and development expenses for tax purposes in the year
incurred and requires taxpayers to capitalize and subsequently amortize such expenses over five years for research activities conducted
in the United States and over 15 years for research activities conducted outside the United States. Although there have been legislative
proposals to repeal or defer the capitalization requirement to later years, there can be no assurance that the provision will be repealed
or otherwise modified. Future guidance from the Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities with respect to such legislation may
affect us, and certain aspects of such legislation could be repealed or modified in future legislation. In addition, it is uncertain if
and to what extent various states will conform to federal tax laws. Future tax reform legislation could have a material impact on the
value of our deferred tax assets, could result in significant one-time charges, and could increase our future U.S. tax expense. 

Our ability to use net operating
loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes to offset future taxable income or taxes may be limited. 

Under current law, federal net
operating losses incurred in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, may be carried forward indefinitely, but the deductibility of
such federal net operating losses is limited to 80 of taxable income. It is uncertain if and to what extent various states will conform
to federal tax laws. In addition, under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and corresponding provisions
of state law, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change, which is generally defined as a greater than 50 change in
its equity ownership value over a three-year period, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change net operating loss carryforwards
and other pre-change tax attributes to offset its post-change income or taxes may be limited. We may have experienced an ownership change
in the past and we may also experience additional ownership changes in the future as a result of subsequent shifts in our stock ownership,
some of which may be outside of our control. If an ownership change occurs and our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards
is materially limited, it would harm our future operating results by effectively increasing our future tax obligations. In addition, at
the state level, there may be periods during which the use of net operating loss carryforwards is suspended or otherwise limited, which
could accelerate or permanently increase state taxes owed. As a result, if we earn net taxable income, we may be unable to use all or
a material portion of our net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes, which could potentially result in increased future
tax liability to us and adversely affect our future cash flows. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about us, our business or our market, or if they
change their recommendations regarding our stock adversely, or if our actual results differ significantly from our guidance, our stock
price and trading volume could decline. 

The
trading market for our common stock is influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts may publish about
us, our business, our market or our competitors. If any of the analysts who may cover us change their recommendation regarding our stock
adversely, or provide more favorable relative recommendations about our competitors, our stock price would likely decline. If any analyst
who may cover us were to cease coverage of our company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial
markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 

In
addition, from time to time, we may release earnings guidance or other forward-looking statements in our earnings releases, earnings
conference calls or otherwise regarding our future performance that represent our management s estimates as of the date of release.
Some or all of the assumptions of any future guidance that we furnish may not materialize or may vary significantly from actual future
results. Any failure to meet guidance or analysts expectations could have a material adverse effect on the trading price or volume
of our stock. 

45 

Health
epidemics or pandemics may adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

Health
epidemics or pandemics may negatively impact worldwide economic and commercial activity and financial markets. For example, Covid-19
previously resulted in significant business and operational disruptions, including business closures, supply chain disruptions, travel
restrictions, stay-at-home orders and limitations on the availability of workforces. Our Netherlands Trial was previously delayed due
to Covid-19 and it is possible we may encounter similar delays or other disruptions associated with health epidemics or pandemics. If
we or any of our business partners, clinical trial sites, suppliers and other third parties with whom we conduct business, were to experience
shutdowns or other business disruptions as a result of a health epidemic or pandemic, our ability to conduct our business in the manner
and on the timelines presently planned could be materially and negatively impacted. For example, if our development of ANEB-001 were
to be delayed, it may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, an
epidemic s or pandemic s impact on the medical community and the global economy could have an adverse impact on future sales
upon which we expect to derive royalties and milestones, which could lead to a decrease in our revenues, net income and assets. If the
adverse effects of a health epidemic or pandemic continue for a prolonged period or result in sustained economic stress, higher inflation
levels or recession, many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section could be exacerbated, such as those
relating to our reliance on a limited number of suppliers and our need to raise additional capital to fund our existing operations. 

Unstable
market and economic conditions may have serious adverse consequences on our business, financial condition and stock price. 

The
global credit and financial markets have recently experienced extreme volatility and disruptions, including severely diminished
liquidity and credit availability, bank failures, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, increases in
unemployment rates and uncertainty about economic stability. There can be no assurance that further deterioration in credit and
financial markets and confidence in economic conditions will not occur. Our general business strategy may be adversely affected by
any such economic downturn, volatile business environment or continued unpredictable and unstable market conditions. If the current
equity and credit markets deteriorate, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult, more costly and more
dilutive. Failure to secure any necessary financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect
on our growth strategy, financial performance and stock price and could require us to delay or abandon clinical development plans.
In addition, there is a risk that one or more of our current service providers, manufacturers and other partners may not survive an
economic downturn, which could directly affect our ability to attain our operating goals on schedule and on budget. 

Inflation
may adversely affect us by increasing our costs. 

Recently,
inflation has increased throughout the U.S. economy. Inflation can adversely affect us by increasing the costs of clinical trials and
research, the development of our product candidates, administration and other costs of doing business. We may experience increases in
the prices of labor and other costs of doing business. In an inflationary environment, cost increases may outpace our expectations, causing
us to use our cash and other liquid assets faster than forecasted. If this happens, we may need to raise additional capital to fund our
operations, which may not be available in sufficient amounts or on reasonable terms, if at all, sooner than expected. 

We are subject to stringent and evolving U.S.
and foreign laws, regulations, rules, contractual obligations, policies and other obligations related to data privacy and security. Our
actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could lead to regulatory investigations or actions; litigation (including
class claims) and mass arbitration demands; fines and penalties; disruptions of our business operations; reputational harm; loss of revenue
or profits; loss of customers or sales; and other adverse business consequences. 

In the ordinary course of business,
we collect, receive, store, process, generate, use, transfer, disclose, make accessible, protect, secure, dispose of, transmit, and share
(collectively, processing) personal data and other sensitive information, including proprietary and confidential business data, trade
secrets, intellectual property, data we collect about trial participants in connection with clinical trials, and sensitive third-party
data. Our data processing activities subject us to numerous data privacy and security obligations, such as various laws, regulations,
guidance, industry standards, external and internal privacy and security policies, contractual requirements, and other obligations relating
to data privacy and security. 

In the United States, federal,
state, and local governments have enacted numerous data privacy and security laws, including data breach notification laws, personal data
privacy laws, consumer protection laws (e.g., Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act), and other similar laws (e.g., wiretapping
laws). For example, as further discussed above, the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA ),
as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act HITECH ), imposes specific requirements
relating to the privacy, security, and transmission of individually identifiable protected health information. In addition, the California
Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 CPRA ), (collectively, CCPA applies to personal information of consumers, business representatives, and employees who are California residents, and requires businesses
to provide specific disclosures in privacy notices and honor requests of such individuals to exercise certain privacy rights. The CCPA
provides for administrative fines of up to 7,500 per violation and allows private litigants affected by certain data breaches to recover
significant statutory damages. Although the CCPA exempts some data processed in the context of clinical trials, the CCPA increases compliance
costs and potential liability with respect to other personal data we maintain about California residents. In addition, the CPRA expanded
the CCPA s requirements, including by adding a new right for individuals to correct their personal information and establishing
a new regulatory agency to implement and enforce the law. Other states, such as Virginia and Colorado, have also passed comprehensive
privacy laws, and similar laws are being considered in several other states, as well as at the federal and local levels. While these states,
like the CCPA, also exempt some data processed in the context of clinical trials, these developments further complicate compliance efforts,
and increase legal risk and compliance costs for us, the third parties upon whom we rely. 

46 

Outside the United States, an
increasing number of laws, regulations, and industry standards govern data privacy and security. For example, the European Union s
General Data Protection Regulation EU GDPR and the United Kingdom s GDPR UK GDPR impose strict requirements
for processing personal data. For example, under the GDPR, companies may face temporary or definitive bans on data processing and other
corrective actions; fines of up to 20 million Euros under the EU GDPR, 17.5 million pounds sterling under the UK GDPR or, in each case,
4 of annual global revenue, whichever is greater; or private litigation related to processing of personal data brought by classes of
data subjects or consumer protection organizations authorized at law to represent their interests. 

Additionally,
under various privacy laws and other obligations, we may be required to obtain certain consents to process personal data. Our inability
or failure to do so could result in adverse consequences, including class action litigation and mass arbitration demands. 

In the ordinary course of business,
we may transfer personal data from Europe and other jurisdictions to the United States or other countries. Europe and other jurisdictions
have enacted laws requiring data to be localized or limiting the transfer of personal data to other countries. In particular, the European
Economic Area (the EEA and the United Kingdom (the UK have significantly restricted the transfer of personal
data to the United States and other countries whose privacy laws it generally believes are inadequate. Other jurisdictions may adopt similarly
stringent interpretations of their data localization and cross-border data transfer laws. Although there are currently various mechanisms
that may be used to transfer personal data from the EEA and UK to the United States in compliance with law, such as the EEA and UK s
standard contractual clauses, the UK s International Data Transfer Agreement / Addendum, and the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework
(which allows for transfers for relevant U.S.-based organizations who self-certify compliance and participate in the Framework), these
mechanisms are subject to legal challenges, and there is no assurance that we can satisfy or rely on these measures to lawfully transfer
personal data to the United States. If there is no lawful manner for us to transfer personal data from the EEA, the UK or other jurisdictions
to the United States, or if the requirements for a legally-compliant transfer are too onerous, we could face significant adverse consequences,
including the interruption or degradation of our operations, the need to relocate part of or all of our business or data processing activities
to other jurisdictions (such as Europe) at significant expense, increased exposure to regulatory actions, substantial fines and penalties,
the inability to transfer data and work with partners, vendors and other third parties, and injunctions against our processing or transferring
of personal data necessary to operate our business. Additionally, companies that transfer personal data out of the EEA and UK to other
jurisdictions, particularly to the United States, are subject to increased scrutiny from regulators, individual litigants, and activist
groups. Some European regulators have ordered certain companies to suspend or permanently cease certain transfers out of Europe for allegedly
violating the GDPR s cross-border data transfer limitations. For example, in May 2023, the Irish Data Protection Commission determined
that a major social media company s use of the standard contractual clauses to transfer personal data from Europe to the United
States was insufficient and levied a 1.2 billion Euro fine against the company and prohibited the company from transferring personal data
to the United States. 

In addition we are bound by contractual
obligations related to data privacy and security, and our efforts to comply with such obligations may not be successful. For example,
certain privacy laws, such as the GDPR and the CCPA, require our customers to impose specific contractual restrictions on their service
providers. We publish privacy policies, marketing materials and other statement regarding data privacy and security. If these policies,
materials or statements are found to be deficient, lacking in transparency, deceptive, unfair, or misrepresentative of our practices,
we may be subject to investigation, enforcement actions by regulators or other adverse consequences. 

Obligations related to data privacy
and security are quickly changing, becoming increasingly stringent, and creating regulatory uncertainty. Additionally, these obligations
may be subject to differing applications and interpretations, which may be inconsistent or conflict among jurisdictions. Preparing for
and complying with these obligations requires us to devote significant resources, which may necessitate changes to our services, information
technologies, systems, and practices and to those of any third parties that process personal data on our behalf. In addition, these obligations
may require us to change our business model. 

We may at times fail (or be perceived
to have failed) in our efforts to comply with our data privacy and security obligations. Moreover, despite our efforts, our personnel
or third parties on whom we rely may fail to comply with such obligations, which could negatively impact our business operations. If we
or the third parties on which we rely fail, or are perceived to have failed, to address or comply with applicable data privacy and security
obligations, we could face significant consequences, including but not limited to: government enforcement actions (e.g., investigations,
fines, penalties, audits, inspections, and similar); litigation (including class-action claims) and mass arbitration demands; additional
reporting requirements and/or oversight; bans on processing personal data; orders to destroy or not use personal data; and imprisonment
of company officials. 

In particular, plaintiffs have become increasingly more active in bringing
privacy-related claims against companies, including class claims and mass arbitration demands. Some of these claims allow for the recovery
of statutory damages on a per violation basis, and, if viable, carry the potential for monumental statutory damages, depending on the
volume of data and the number of violations. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, or
financial condition, including but not limited to: loss of customers; interruptions or stoppages in our business operations (including
clinical trials); inability to process personal data or to operate in certain jurisdictions; limited ability to develop or commercialize
our products; expenditure of time and resources to defend any claim or inquiry; adverse publicity; or substantial changes to our business
model or operations. 

If
our internal information technology systems or sensitive information, or those of our third-party CROs or other contractors or consultants,
are or were compromised, we could experience adverse consequences from such compromise, including but not limited to, a material disruption
of the development of our product candidates, regulatory investigations or actions, litigation, fines and penalties, reputational harm,
loss of revenue or profits, and other adverse consequences. 

We
are increasingly dependent upon information technology systems, infrastructure and data to operate our business. In the ordinary course
of business, we may process confidential, and sensitive information, including personal data (such as health-related data), intellectual
property, and trade secrets (collectively, sensitive information ). It is critical that we do so in a secure manner to maintain
the confidentiality and integrity of such confidential information. We also have outsourced elements of our operations to third parties
in a variety of contexts, including, without limitation, third-party providers of cloud-based infrastructure, encryption and authentication
technology, employee email, and other functions. Our ability to monitor these third parties information security practices is
limited, and these third parties may not have adequate information security measures in place. We may share or receive sensitive information
with or from third parties. 

47 

Cyberattacks,
malicious internet-based activity, and online and offline fraud and other similar activities threaten the confidentiality,
integrity, and availability of our sensitive information and information technology systems, and those of the third parties upon
which we rely. These threats are prevalent and continue to increase, are increasingly difficult to detect, and come from a variety
of sources, including traditional computer hackers, threat actors, hacktivists, organized criminal
threat actors, personnel (such as through theft or misuse), sophisticated nation states, and nation-state-supported actors. Some
actors now engage and are expected to continue to engage in cyber-attacks, including, without limitation, nation-state actors for
geopolitical reasons and in conjunction with military conflicts and defense activities. During times of war and other major
conflicts, we and the third parties upon which we rely may be vulnerable to a heightened risk of these attacks, including
cyber-attacks that could materially disrupt our systems and operations, supply chain, and ability to produce, sell and distribute
our goods and services. 

We
and the third parties upon which we rely may be subject to a variety of evolving threats, including, but not limited to
social-engineering attacks (including through deep fakes, which may be increasingly more difficult to identify as fake, and phishing
attacks), malicious code (such as viruses and worms), malware (including as a result of advanced persistent threat intrusions),
denial-of-service attacks (such as credential stuffing), personnel misconduct or error, software bugs, server malfunctions, software
or hardware failures, loss of data or other information technology assets, adware, telecommunications failures, earthquakes, fires,
floods, and other similar threats. Ransomware attacks, including by organized criminal threat actors, nation-states, and
nation-state-supported actors, are becoming increasingly prevalent and severe and can lead to significant interruptions in our
operations, loss of data. information technology assets, and income, reputational harm, and diversion of funds. Extortion payments
may alleviate the negative impact of a ransomware attack, but we may be unwilling or unable to make such payments due to, for
example, applicable laws or regulations prohibiting such payments. Similarly, supply-chain attacks have increased in frequency and
severity, and we cannot guarantee that third parties and infrastructure in our supply chain or our third-party partners 
supply chains have not been compromised or that they do not contain exploitable defects or bugs that could result in a breach of or
disruption to our information technology systems or the third-party information technology systems that support us and our services.
Additionally, remote work has become more common and poses increased risks to our information technology systems and data, as more
of our employees work from home, utilizing network connections outside our premises. Future or past business transactions (such as
acquisitions or integrations) could also expose us to additional cybersecurity risks and vulnerabilities, as our systems could be
negatively affected by vulnerabilities present in acquired or integrated entities systems and technologies. Furthermore, we may discover security issues that were not found during due diligence of such acquired or integrated
entities, and it may be difficult to integrate companies into our information technology environment and security program. 

Any
of the previously identified or similar threats could cause a security incident or other interruption. A security incident or other interruption
could result in unauthorized, unlawful, or accidental acquisition, modification, destruction, loss, alteration, encryption, disclosure
of, or access to our sensitive information. A security incident or other interruption could disrupt our ability (and that of third parties
upon whom we rely) to conduct our business operations. For example, a security incident could result in a material disruption and delay
of the development of our product candidates. In addition, the loss of pre-clinical study data or future clinical trial data for our
product candidates could result in delays in our marketing approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce
the data. 

We
may expend significant resources or modify our business activities to try to protect against security incidents. Certain data privacy
and security obligations may require us to implement and maintain specific security measures, industry-standard or reasonable security
measures to protect our information technology systems and sensitive information. 

While
we have implemented security measures designed to protect against security incidents, there can be no assurance that these measures will
be effective. We may be unable in the future to detect vulnerabilities in our information technology systems because such threats and
techniques change frequently, are often sophisticated in nature, and may not be detected until after a security incident has occurred.
Despite our efforts to identify and remediate vulnerabilities, if any, in our information technology systems, our efforts may not be
successful. Further, we may experience delays in developing and deploying remedial measures designed to address any such identified vulnerabilities. 

Applicable
data privacy and security obligations may require us to notify relevant stakeholders of security incidents. Such disclosures are
costly, and the disclosures or the failure to comply with such requirements could lead to adverse consequences. If we (or a
third-party upon whom we rely) experience a security incident or are perceived to have experienced a security incident, we may
experience adverse consequences. Additionally, our sensitive information could be leaked, disclosed, or revealed as a result of or
in connection with our employee s, personnel s, or vendor s use of generative AI technologies, resulting in
adverse consequences. In each case, these consequences may include: government enforcement actions (for example, investigations,
fines, penalties, audits, and inspections); additional reporting requirements and/or oversight; restrictions on processing sensitive
information (including personal data); litigation (including class claims); indemnification obligations; negative publicity;
reputational harm; monetary fund diversions; interruptions in our operations (including availability of data); financial loss; and
other similar harms. Security incidents and attendant consequences may cause interruptions in our operations and could result in a
material disruption of our programs and negatively impact our ability to grow and operate our business. For example, the loss of clinical trial data for our product candidates could result in delays
in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. 

Our
contracts may not contain limitations of liability, and even where they do, there can be no assurance that limitations of liability in
our contracts are sufficient to protect us from liabilities, damages, or claims related to our data privacy and security obligations.
We cannot be sure that our insurance coverage will be adequate or sufficient to protect us from or to mitigate liabilities arising out
of our privacy and security practices, that such coverage will continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or
that such coverage will pay future claims. 

48 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item
2. Properties. 

We
manage our business operations from our principal executive office in Lakeway, Texas, in leased space under a sublease with JFL
Capital Management LLC, a company controlled by Joseph F. Lawler, the founder and a director of our company. During the fiscal year
ended June 30, 2023 we paid rent of approximately 1,300 per month. Subsequent to year end, our rent was reduced to approximately 400 per month. We
believe our present office space is adequate for our current operations and for near-term planned expansion. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

From
time to time, we may be a party to litigation or subject to claims incident to the ordinary course of business. We are not currently a party to any material legal
proceedings, and our management believes that there are currently no claims or actions pending against us, the ultimate disposition of
which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. However, the results of litigation and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, and regardless of the outcome,
litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock has been publicly traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol ANEB since May 7, 2021. Prior to that
time, there was no public market for our common stock. 

Holder
of Record 

As
of September 14, 2023, there was approximately 1 holder of record of our common stock. This number does not include beneficial
owners whose shares are held by nominees in street name. 

Dividends 

We
have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock since our inception. We intend to retain future earnings, if any, to
finance the operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends to holders of common stock in the
near-term future. Any future determination to declare cash dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors, subject
to applicable laws, will depend on a number of factors, including our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements,
contractual restrictions, general business conditions, and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. 

49 

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities 

None. 

Use
of Proceeds From Initial Public Offering 

On
May 11, 2021, we closed our IPO in which we issued and sold 3,078,224 shares of our common stock, including the additional shares pursuant
to the underwriters exercise of their option to purchase additional shares, at a public offering price to the public of 7.00
per share, for aggregate gross proceeds of 21.5 million. All shares issued and sold in the initial public offering were registered under
the Securities Act pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-254979), which was declared effective by the SEC on
May 6, 2021. We received aggregate net proceeds from our IPO of approximately 19.8 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and
commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us. The Benchmark Company, LLC acted as the sole underwriter in our IPO. None
of the underwriting discounts and commissions or offering expenses were incurred or paid to directors or officers of ours or their associates
or to persons owning 10 or more of our common stock or to any affiliates of ours. 

Through
June 30, 2023, we have used approximately 14,900,000 of the net proceeds from the IPO for research and development expenses for ANEB-001,
working capital and other general corporate purposes, including costs and expenses associated with being a public company. We have not
used any of the net proceeds from the offering to make payments, directly or indirectly, to any director or officer of ours, or any of
their associates, to any person owning 10 percent or more of our common stock or to any affiliate of ours. There has been no material
change in our planned use of the net proceeds from the offering as described in our final prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4)
under the Securities Act with the SEC on May 10, 2021. 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

50 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our financial statements
and related notes and other financial information appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. Some of the information contained in this
discussion and analysis includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. As a result of many factors, including
those factors set forth in the Risk factors section of this Annual Report, our actual results could differ materially from
the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. 

Overview 

We
are a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing novel solutions for people suffering from acute cannabinoid intoxication ACI and substance addiction. Our lead product candidate, ANEB-001, is intended to rapidly reverse the negative
effects of ACI and reduce time to recovery. The more severe signs and symptoms of ACI range from profound sedation to anxiety and
panic to psychosis with hallucinations. There is no approved medical treatment currently available to specifically alleviate the
symptoms of ACI, and we are not aware of any competing products that are further along in the development process than ANEB-001 in
reversing the effects of delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol, better known as THC, the principal psychoactive constituent of cannabis.
Previous clinical trials completed by a third party have shown that ANEB-001 is rapidly absorbed, well tolerated and, when
repeatedly administered to obese subjects, leads to weight loss, an effect that is consistent with central CB1 antagonism. In March
2021, our European clinical trial application CTA ), which is equivalent to an investigational new drug application in
the United States, was accepted in the Netherlands to allow us to utilize ANEB-001 in a Phase 2 human proof-of-concept clinical
trial in the Netherlands for potential use as a treatment for ACI. The study was designed to evaluate the safety, tolerability,
pharmacokinetics, and effectiveness of a single dose of ANEB-001 in treating healthy subjects challenged with THC. We announced on January 3, 2022, that the first patient had been dosed in the Netherlands Trial. On May 11, 2022,
we announced the dosing of all 60 subjects in Part A of the Netherlands Trial. On March 28, 2023, we announced
complete results from Part A and Part B of the Netherlands Trial, in a total of 134 subjects. Dosing of an additional 20 subjects in an open-label
extension of the study (Part C) was initiated in July 2023 and completed in August 2023. We met with the FDA in July 2023 for a Type
B meeting to discuss the Part A and B Phase 2 data and the potential path forward for Phase 3 development of ANEB-001 and received
the minutes of the meeting in August 2023. The FDA indicated that a single well-controlled study of ANEB-001 in ACI
patients presenting to the emergency department combined with a larger THC challenge study in volunteers could potentially provide
substantial evidence to support a new drug application. In addition, an observational study in patients presenting to emergency departments with ACI is currently ongoing.
The study will determine concentrations of cannabinoids and metabolites in plasma and gather information on signs and symptoms, patients 
disposition and selected assessments, where possible. We believe the data generated from the Netherlands Trial provide support for our
development pathway. 

ACI
has become a widespread health issue in the United States, particularly in the increasing number of states that have legalized
cannabis for medical and recreational use. Excessive ingestion of
THC via edible products such as candies and brownies, and intoxication from synthetic cannabinoids (also known as
 synthetics, K2 or spice ), are two leading causes of THC-related emergency room visits.
Synthetic cannabinoids are analogous to fentanyl for opioids insofar as they are more potent at the cannabinoid receptor than their
natural product congener THC. 

In recent years, hospital emergency rooms across the United States have seen a dramatic increase in
patient visits with cannabis-related conditions. Before the legalization of cannabis, an estimated 450,000 patients visited hospital
emergency rooms annually for cannabis-related conditions. In 2014, this number more than doubled to an estimated 1.1 million
patients, according to data published in Trends and Related Factors of Cannabis-Associated Emergency Department Visits in the
United States: 2006-2014, Journal of Addiction Medicine (May/June 2019), which provided a national estimate analyzing data
from The Nationwide Emergency Department Sample NEDS ), the largest database of U.S. hospital-owned emergency
department visits. Based on our own analysis of the most recent NEDS data, we believe that the number of emergency department visits grew to
1.7 million patients in 2019 and was growing at an approximately 15 compounded annual growth rate between 2011 and 2019. We believe
the number of cannabis-related emergency department visits and other health problems associated with ACIs such as depression, anxiety and
mental disorders will continue to increase substantially as more states pass laws legalizing cannabis for medical and recreational
use. Given the consequences, there is an urgent need for a treatment to rapidly reverse the symptoms of ACI. 

In
May 2020, we entered into a royalty-bearing license agreement with Vernalis Development Limited License Agreement to
exploit its license compounds and licensed products to combat symptoms of ACI and substance addiction. We are currently developing our
lead product candidate, ANEB-001 to quickly, and effectively, combat symptoms of ACI. 

Our
objective is to develop and commercialize new treatment options for patients suffering from ACI and substance addiction. Our lead product
candidate is ANEB-001, a potent, small molecule cannabinoid receptor antagonist, to address the unmet medical need for a specific antidote
for ACI. ANEB-001 is an orally bioavailable, rapidly absorbed treatment that we anticipate will reverse the symptoms of ACI, in most
cases within 1 hour of administration. Our proprietary position in the treatment of ACI is protected by rights to two patent applications
covering various methods of use of the compound and delivery systems. 

We
were incorporated in Delaware on April 23, 2020, and commenced operations in May 2020. Our operations to date have consisted of organizing
and acquiring the license rights to Vernalis licensed products, assembling an executive team, starting preparations for a Phase
2 proof-of-concept trial, including the synthesis of a new active pharmaceutical ingredient, the development and filing of a clinical
trial protocol with regulatory agencies in Europe and raising capital. Prior to our initial public offering IPO ), we funded our operations through a private placement of our series A convertible preferred stock and issuance of two promissory
notes to a related party. 

51 

On
October 12, 2021, the United States Patent and Trademark Office issued to the Company U.S. Patent No. 11,141,404, titled Formulations
and Methods For Treating Acute Cannabinoid Overdose. The issued patent describes the use of the Company s investigational
drug ANEB-001 to treat acute cannabinoid overdose and is expected to provide patent protection through 2040. 

On
December 31, 2021, Daniel Schneeberger, M.D. advised us of his resignation as Chief Executive Officer CEO of the
Company and from the Board of Directors, effective on February 1, 2022. On January 3, 2022, Simon Allen was appointed to be the
CEO and elected a member of the Board of Directors, both of which became effective on February 1, 2022. 

On September 25, 2022, we entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with certain institutional accredited investors (the Purchasers ),
pursuant to which we sold and issued to the Purchasers in a private placement financing an aggregate of 2,264,650 units (collectively,
the Units ), with each Unit consisting of (i) one share of our common stock and (ii) a warrant to purchase one share of our
common stock, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately 6,647,000 (or 2.935 per Unit) (the Private Placement ).
The closing of the Private Placement occurred on September 28, 2022. The Company received approximately 6.3 million in net proceeds from
the Private Placement after deducting offering costs of approximately 317,000. Each warrant has an exercise price of 4.215 per share,
which is subject to customary adjustments in the event of any combination or split of our common stock, and has a five-year term. 

Components
of Results of Operations 

Revenue 

We
have not generated any revenue since inception. If our development efforts for our current lead product candidate, ANEB-001, or other
additional product candidates that we may develop in the future, are successful and result in marketing approval, or if we enter into
collaboration or license agreements with third parties, we may generate revenue in the future from a combination of product sales or
payments from such collaboration or license agreements. We cannot predict if, when, or to what extent we will generate revenue from the
commercialization and sale of our product candidates. We have incurred operating losses since inception and expect to continue to incur
significant operating losses and negative cash flows from operations in the future. 

Research
and Development Expenses 

We
expect to continue incurring significant research and development costs related to ANEB-001. Our research and development expenses
for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 included research and development consulting expenses, clinical trials, and costs
associated with development of our lead product candidate, ANEB-001. 

We
anticipate that our research and development activities will account for a significant portion of our operating expenses and these costs
are expensed as incurred. We expect to significantly increase our research and development efforts as we continue to develop ANEB-001
and conduct clinical trials with patients suffering from symptoms of ACI, as well as continue to expand our product-candidate pipeline.
Research and development expenses include: 

employee-related
 expenses, such as salaries, share-based compensation, benefits and travel expense for research and development personnel that we
 plan to hire; 

direct
 third-party costs such as expenses incurred under agreements with contract research organizations CROs and contract
 manufacturing organizations CMOs 

costs
 associated with research and development activities of consultants; 

manufacturing
 costs in connection with producing materials for use in conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials; 

other
 third-party expenses directly attributable to the development of our product candidates; and 

amortization
 expense for future asset purchases used in research and development activities. 

We
currently have one lead product candidate; therefore, we do not track our internal research and development expenses on an indication-by-indication
basis. 

Research
and development activities will continue to be central to our business model. We expect our research and development expenses to be significant
over the next several years as we advance our current clinical development program and prepare to seek regulatory approval. 

52 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

General
and administrative expenses for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 consisted primarily of professional fees, stock-based
compensation, insurance, personnel costs and rent. 

Results
of Operations 

Comparison
of the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

The
following table summarizes our results of operations: 

For
 the Years ended June 30, 

Period
 to Period 

2023 

2022 

Change 

Research and development 

5,600,197 

2,961,538 

2,638,659 

General and administrative

6,183,402 

3,869,636 

2,313,766 

Total
 operating expenses 

11,783,599 

6,831,174 

4,952,425 

Loss from operations 

(11,783,599) 

(6,831,174) 

(4,952,425) 
 
 Other (income) expenses: 

Interest income 

(92,407) 

(7,332) 

(85,075) 
 
 Other

41,146 

1,777 

39,369 

Total other income, net 

(51,261) 

(5,555) 

(45,706) 
 
 Net loss 

(11,732,338) 

(6,825,619) 

(4,906,719) 

Research
and Development Expenses 

For the Years ended June 30, 
 Period to Period 

2023 
 2022 
 Change 
 
 Pre-clinical and clinical studies 
 2,501,396 
 1,535,930 
 965,466 
 
 Contract manufacturing 
 1,435,705 
 772,011 
 663,694 
 
 Compensation and related benefits 
 44,681 
 89,576 
 (44,895 
 
 Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 26,604 
 (26,604 
 
 Consultants and other research and development 
 1,618,415 
 537,417 
 1,080,998 
 
 Total research and development expenses 
 5,600,197 
 2,961,538 
 2,638,659 

The
overall increases in research and development expenses for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 compared with the fiscal year ended
June 30, 2022 was primarily attributable to an increase in activities related to pre-clinical and clinical studies, and direct
third-party costs incurred under agreements with CROs and CMOs for ANEB-001. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, we began
fully engaging with our CMOs to produce drug substance and drug product for our clinical trials and this was fully ramped by the
beginning of fiscal year 2023, thus increasing our contract manufacturing expense for the fiscal year ended June 30,
2023. 

53 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

General
and administrative expenses consisted of the following: 

For the Years ended June 30, 
 Period to Period 

2023 
 2022 
 Change 
 
 Compensation and related benefits 
 1,839,585 
 715,394 
 1,124,191 
 
 Professional and consultant fees 
 2,232,383 
 1,089,880 
 1,142,503 
 
 Stock-based compensation expense 
 884,723 
 454,057 
 430,666 
 
 Directors and officers insurance 
 868,559 
 1,269,918 
 (401,359 
 
 Facilities, fees and other costs 
 358,152 
 340,387 
 17,765 
 
 Total general and administrative expenses 
 6,183,402 
 3,869,636 
 2,313,766 

The
overall increases in general and administrative expenses for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 compared with the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022 was
primarily attributable to compensation and related benefits and stock-based compensation for additional executives and employees,
professional and consultant fees, including legal and accounting fees, and facilities and other costs to support our continuous
growth in operations. This was partially offset by a decrease in directors and officers insurance resulting from a
decrease in the yearly premium amount. 

Interest Income 

Interest
income increased for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022 due to an increase in
market interest rates earned on the Company s savings and money market accounts. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Overview 

Since
our inception in April 2020, we have incurred significant operating losses. We expect to incur significant expenses and operating losses
in the future as we advance the clinical development of our programs. In May 2021, we completed our IPO in which we received net proceeds
of approximately 19.8 million. As noted above, on September 28, 2022, we closed the Private Placement , in which we received
net proceeds of approximately 6.3 million. As of June 30, 2023, we had cash of approximately 11.2 million. We anticipate that additional
capital will be needed to commence and complete a Phase 3 study of our drug candidate ANEB-001. As and if necessary, we will seek to
raise these additional funds through various potential sources, such as equity and debt financings or through collaboration, license
and development agreements. We can give no assurances that we will be able to secure such additional sources of funds to support our
operations on acceptable terms or at all, or, if such funds are available to us, that such additional financing will be sufficient to
meet our needs. 

Cash
Flows 

The
following table sets forth a summary of our cash flows: 

For the Years ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (9,683,133 
 (5,437,174 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 6,382,065 
 - 
 
 Net decrease in cash 
 (3,301,068 
 (5,437,174 

54 

During
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, we used cash in operating activities of 9.7 million primarily resulting from our net loss of
 11.7 million, partially offset by the non-cash related stock-based compensation of approximately 885,000, and a change in
operating assets and liabilities of 1.2 million. We also received cash from financing activities of approximately 6.4 million
primarily resulting from the issuance of common stock and warrants of approximately 6.6 million, net of offering costs of
approximately 317,000. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, we used cash in operating activities of approximately 5.4
million primarily resulting from our net loss of approximately 6.8 million, partially offset by the non-cash related stock-based
compensation of approximately 481,000, and a change in operating assets and liabilities of approximately 908,000. 

Funding
and Material Cash Requirements 

We
expect that our cash at June 30, 2023 will enable us to fund our current and planned operating expenses and capital expenditures
into the fourth quarter of calendar year 2024. We have based these estimates on assumptions that may prove to be imprecise, and we may exhaust our available
capital resources sooner than we currently expect. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with the development
of our programs, we are unable to estimate the amounts of increased capital outlays and operating expenses associated with
completing the research and development of our product candidates. 

Our
present and future funding and cash requirements will depend on many factors, including, among other things: 

the
 progress, timing and completion of our ongoing and planned clinical trials and nonclinical studies; 

our
 ability to receive, and the timing of receipt of, future regulatory approvals for our product candidates and the costs related thereto; 

the
 scope, progress, results and costs of our ongoing and planned operations; 

the
 costs associated with expanding our operations and building our sales and marketing capabilities; 

our
 ability to establish strategic collaborations; 

the
 cost and timing of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications, maintaining and enforcing our intellectual property rights
 and defending any intellectual property-related claims; 

the
 revenue, if any, received from commercial sales of our products, if approved; and 

potential
 new product candidates we identify and attempt to develop. 

Until
such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial product revenue from sales of any of our current or future product candidates, to
support our material cash requirements in the near-term (within one year) and long-term (beyond one year), we will need to seek
additional equity or debt financing or potential collaboration, license or development agreements to provide the capital required to
maintain or expand our operations, continue the development of our product candidate, build our sales and marketing capabilities,
promote brand identity, develop or acquire complementary technologies, products or businesses, or provide for our working capital
requirements and other operating and general corporate purposes. If we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities and/or
equity-linked securities, the percentage ownership of our existing stockholders may be reduced, and accordingly these stockholders
may experience substantial dilution. We may also issue equity securities and/or equity-linked securities that provide rights,
preferences and privileges senior to those of our common stock. Debt financing, if obtained, may involve agreements that include
liens on our assets and covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions such as incurring additional debt.
Debt financing could also be required to be repaid regardless of our operating results. If we raise funds through collaborations,
license or development agreements, we may be required to relinquish some rights to our current or future products or revenue streams
or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. If such financing is not available on satisfactory terms, or is not
available at all, we may be required to delay, scale back or eliminate the development of our current or future product candidates
and other business. 

Contractual
Obligations and Commitments 

License
Agreement with Vernalis Development Limited 

On
May 26, 2020, we entered into the License Agreement with Vernalis. Pursuant to the License Agreement, Vernalis granted us an exclusive
worldwide royalty-bearing license to develop and commercialize a compound that we refer to as ANEB-001, as well as access to and a right
of reference with respect to any regulatory materials under its control. The License Agreement allows us to sublicense the rights thereunder
to any person with similar or greater financial resources and expertise without Vernalis prior consent, provided the proposed
sublicensee is not developing or commercializing a product that contains a CB1 antagonist or is for the same indication covered by the
trials or market authorization for ANEB-001. In exchange for the exclusive license, we agreed to pay Vernalis a non-refundable signature
fee of 150,000, total potential developmental milestone payments of up to 29,900,000, total potential sales milestone payments of up
to 35,000,000, and low to mid-single digit royalties on net sales. Subsequently, in May 2021 as part of the IPO, we issued 192,857 shares
of common stock to Vernalis in lieu of future milestone payments of 1,350,000. 

Under
the License Agreement, we purchased the API for ANEB-001 from Vernalis on an as is basis for 20,000. We have the sole
discretion to carry out the development and commercialization of ANEB-001, including obtaining regulatory approvals, and we are responsible
for all costs and expenses in connection therewith. We have access to certain regulatory materials, including study reports from clinical
and non-clinical trials, under Vernalis control. We agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to (i) develop and commercialize
ANEB-001 in the United States and certain European countries and (ii) conduct a Phase 2 and human clinical trial within specified periods,
which periods could be extended for a nominal fee. We also agreed to provide Vernalis with periodic reports of our activities and notice
of market authorization within specified timeframes. 

55 

Office
Lease, Manufacturing Contract and CRO Contract 

We
manage our business operations from our principal executive office in Lakeway, Texas, in leased space under a sublease with a
related party. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 we paid rent of approximately 1,300 per month. Subsequent to year end, our rent was reduced to
approximately 400 per month. 

In
March 2022, we entered into a manufacturing agreement with a third-party CMO, which was nearly completed as of June 30, 2023. In June
2023, we entered into a new manufacturing agreement with the same third-party CMO. The total cost for the new manufacturing contract
is approximately 900,000, which is expected to be fully incurred by the end of the fourth calendar quarter of 2023. 

In
February 2021, we entered into an agreement with a third-party CRO to manage and conduct our Phase 2 clinical trial for ANEB-001 in the
Netherlands, which was initiated in December 2021. The total cost for the CRO agreement is approximately 2.9 million which is expected
to be fully incurred by the end of the fourth calendar quarter of 2023. 

We
enter into contracts in the normal course of business with clinical trial sites and clinical supply manufacturers and other services
and products for operating purposes. These contracts generally provide for termination after a notice period, and therefore, are cancellable
contracts. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 

Our
financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States U.S. GAAP ).
The preparation of our financial statements and related disclosures requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported
amounts of assets, liabilities, costs and expenses, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our financial statements.
We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events and various other factors that we believe are reasonable under
the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that
are not readily apparent from other sources. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Our actual results may differ
from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

While
our significant accounting policies are described in more detail in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , to our
financial statements in this Annual Report, we believe that the following accounting policies are those most critical to the judgments
and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements. 

Accrued
Research and Development Expenses 

As
part of the process of preparing our financial statements, we are required to estimate our accrued research and development expenses.
This process involves reviewing open contracts and purchase orders, communicating with our personnel to identify services that have been
performed on our behalf and estimating the level of service performed and the associated costs incurred for the services when we have
not yet been invoiced or otherwise notified of the actual costs. The majority of our service providers invoice us in arrears for services
performed and some require advanced payments. We make estimates of our accrued expenses of each balance sheet date in our financial statements
based on facts and circumstances known to us at that time. Examples of estimated accrued research and development expenses include fees
payable to: 

CROs
 in connection with performing research services on our behalf and any clinical trials; 

investigative
 sites or other providers in connection with studies and any clinical trials; 

vendors
 in connection with the preparation of our NDA filing, market and patient awareness programs, market research and analysis and medical
 education; and 

vendors
 related to product manufacturing, development and distribution of clinical supplies. 

56 

We
base our expenses for services rendered on our estimates of the services received and efforts expended pursuant to quotes, contracts
and communicating with our vendors. The financial terms of these agreements are subject to negotiation, vary from contract to contract
and may result in uneven payments. There may be instances in which payments made to our vendors will exceed the level of services provided
and result in a prepayment of the expense. In accruing service fees, we estimate the time period over which services will be performed
and the level of effort to be expended in each period. If the actual timing of the performance of services or the level of effort varies
from our estimate, we adjust the accrual or amount of prepaid or accrued expenses accordingly. Although we do not expect our estimates
to be materially different from amounts actually incurred, our understanding of the status and timing of services performed relative
to the actual status and timing of services performed may vary and may result in us reporting amounts that are too high or too low in
any particular period. 

Stock-Based
Compensation Expense 

Our
2020 Stock Incentive Plan provides for the grant of qualified incentive stock options and nonqualified stock options or other awards
to the Company s employees, officers, directors, advisors, and outside consultants for the purchase of up to 3,650,000 shares of
the Company s common stock. Other awards include restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights and other
stock-based awards. Other stock-based awards are awards valued in whole or in part by reference to, or are otherwise based on, shares
of common stock. Stock options generally vest over a four-year period, at achievement of a performance requirement, or upon change of
control (as defined in the applicable plan). The awards expire in five to ten years from the date of grant. 

The fair
value of stock options we grant is estimated using the Black Scholes option pricing model. This option pricing model based on certain
subjective assumptions, including (i) the expected stock price volatility, (ii) the expected term of the award, (iii) the risk-free rate
of interest, and (iv) expected dividends. The fair value of our common stock utilized in the model is determined based on the quoted
closing market price of our common stock as reported by Nasdaq on the date of grant. 

There
were no significant changes to assumptions used to value options using the Black Scholes option pricing model during the fiscal year
ended June 30, 2023, with the exception of the stock and exercise prices. 

JOBS
Act Accounting Election 

The
Jumpstart Our Business Startups JOBS Act, enacted in April 2012, permits an emerging growth company such
as us to take advantage of an extended transition period to comply with new or revised accounting standards applicable to public companies
until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have and intend to continue to take advantage of all of the reduced
reporting requirements and exemptions, including the longer phase-in periods for the adoption of new or revised financial accounting
standards, for an emerging growth company under Section 107 of the JOBS Act. Our election to use the phase-in periods may make it difficult
to compare our financial statements to those of non-emerging growth companies and other emerging growth companies that have opted out
of the phase-in periods under Section 107 of the JOBS Act. See Risk Factors General Risk Factors We are an emerging
growth company and our election to delay adoption of new or revised accounting standards applicable to public companies may result
in our financial statements not being comparable to those of some other public companies. As a result of this and other reduced disclosure
requirements applicable to emerging growth companies, our securities may be less attractive to investors. 

57 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Not required for small reporting companies.

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

The
financial statements required to be filed pursuant to this Item 8 are appended to this Annual Report under Item 15, Exhibits and Financial
Statement Schedules and incorporated by reference herein. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, evaluated, as of the end of
the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported,
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation,
controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits
under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal
financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance
of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible
controls and procedures. 

Based
on that evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of June 30, 2023, our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of such date are effective at the reasonable assurance level. 

58 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined
in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may
not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with
respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on
the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013), issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission. Based on our evaluation under the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework, our management concluded that
our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of June 30, 2023. 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm
pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission for emerging growth companies that permit us to provide only management s
report in this Annual Report. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange
Act) during the quarter ended June 30, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our
internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

Not
applicable. 

Item
9C. DISCLOSURE regarding FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The
information required by this Item 10 will be included under the Proposal 1. Election of
Directors , Information Regarding our Board of Directors and Corporate Governance, 
 Information About our Executive Officers and SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF
CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT DELINQUENT SECTION 16(A) REPORTS headings in our definitive proxy statement to
be filed with the SEC with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 

We
have adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics (the Code ), that applies to all of our directors, officers and
employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons
performing similar functions. A current copy of the Code is available on the investor section of our website at www.anebulo.com .
We intend to disclose on our website any amendments to, or waivers from, our Code that are required to be disclosed pursuant to SEC rules. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

The
information required by this Item 11 will be included under the Executive and Director
Compensation heading in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting
of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
information required by this Item 12 will be included under the SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 
and EXECUTIVE AND DIRECTOR COMPENSATION SECURITIES AUTHORIZED FOR ISSUANCE UNDER EQUITY COMPENSATION PLANS headings
in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated
herein by reference. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The
information required by this Item 13 will be included under the TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PERSONS AND INDEMNIFICATION, 
 INFORMATION REGARDING OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE INDEPENDENCE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS and
 INFORMATION REGARDING OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE INFORMATION REGARDING COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
headings in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated
herein by reference. 

Item
14. Principal ACCOUNTANT Fees and Services 

The
information required by this Item 14 will be included under the PROPOSAL 2. RATIFICATION OF SELECTION OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES heading in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with
the SEC with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 

59 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits AND Financial Statement Schedules 

1. 
 Financial
 Statements. For a list of the financial statements included herein, see Index to the Financial Statements on page F-1
 of this Annual Report, incorporated into this Item by reference. 

2. 
 Financial
 Statement Schedules. Financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not required, not applicable or the required
 information is included in the financial statements or the notes thereto as required to be filed by Item 8 of this Annual Report. 

3. 
 Exhibits.
 An index of the Exhibits is set forth below under the heading Exhibits Required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 

Exhibits
Required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K 

Exhibit 

Number 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Anebulo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on September 9, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Correction to Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Anebulo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on September 9, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Amended and Restated By-laws of Anebulo Pharmaceuticals, Inc (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 13, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Reference
 is made to Exhibits 3.1 , 3.2 and 3.3 . 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Stock Certificate for Common Stock (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on April 1, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 4.3 
 
 Investors Rights Agreement, dated June 18, 2020, between Anebulo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and 22NW, LP (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on April 1, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 4.4 
 
 Description of Securities (filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on September 9, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 4.5 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant, issued September 28, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 29, 2022). 
 
 10.1# 
 
 License Agreement, dated May 26, 2020, between Vernalis (R D) Limited and Anebulo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on April 1, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Anebulo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2020 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended, and Form of Award Agreement thereunder (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on September 9, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between Anebulo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and each of its directors (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on April 1, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated February 1, 2022, between Simon Allen and Anebulo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 5, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Employment Agreement, effective as of May 20, 2022, between Anebulo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Kenneth Cundy (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 24, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Master Services Agreement, dated March 2, 2023, between the Company and Potrero Hill Advisors, LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 8, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy (filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on September 9, 2022). 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 
 24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (included on signature page of this Form 10-K) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1

Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded
 within the Inline XBRL document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its
 XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

Compensatory plan or management contract. 

 #
Certain of the schedules and attachments to this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K, Item 601(a)(5). The Registrant
hereby undertakes to provide further information regarding such omitted materials to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

60 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ANEBULO
 PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

Date:
 September 22, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Simon Allen 

Simon
 Allen 

Chief
 Executive Officer Principal Executive Officer 

Date:
 September 22, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Sandra Gardiner 

Sandra
 Gardiner 

Acting
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW
ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose individual signature appears below hereby authorizes and appoints Simon Allen and
Sandra Gardiner, and each of them, with full power of substitution and re-substitution and full power to act without the other, as his or
her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent to act in his or her name, place and stead and to execute in the name and on behalf of
each person, individually and in each capacity stated below, and to file any and all amendments to this annual report on Form 10-K and
to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and
thing, ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them or their or his substitute or substitutes may
lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Simon Allen 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 
 September
 22, 2023 
 
 Simon
 Allen 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Joseph F. Lawler 
 
 Director
 and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 September
 22, 2023 
 
 Joseph
 F. Lawler 

/s/
 Sandra Gardiner 
 
 Acting
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 September
 22, 2023 
 
 Sandra
 Gardiner 
 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Aron R. English 
 
 Director 
 
 September
 22, 2023 
 
 Aron
 R. English 

/s/
 Jason Aryeh 
 
 Director 
 
 September
 22, 2023 
 
 Jason
 Aryeh 

/s/
 Kenneth Lin 
 
 Director 
 
 September
 22, 2023 
 
 Kenneth
 Lin 

/s/
 Areta Kupchyk 
 
 Director 
 
 September
 22, 2023 
 
 Areta
 Kupchyk 

/s/
 Karah Parschauer 
 
 Director 
 
 September
 22, 2023 
 
 Karah
 Parschauer 

/s/ Nat Calloway 
 
 Director 
 
 September
 22, 2023 
 
 Nat Calloway 

61 

PAGE 
 
 Audited
 financial statements as of and for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022: 

Report of independent registered public accounting firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 F-1 
 
 Balance sheets 
 F-2 
 
 Statements of operations 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of stockholders equity 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of cash flows 
 F-5 
 
 Notes to financial statements 
 F-6-F-15 

62 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 Anebulo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of
Anebulo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the related statements of operations, stockholders 
equity , and cash flows for each of the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30,
2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ EisnerAmper LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2020. 

September 22, 2023 

F- 1 

Anebulo
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

 Balance
Sheets 

2023 
 2022 

June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total assets 

Liabilities and stockholders equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value; and shares authorized, and shares issued or outstanding at June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, 
 par value; 
 shares authorized; 
 and shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 2 

Anebulo
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

 Statements
of Operations 

2023 
 2022 

For the Years Ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Research and development 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other (income) expenses: 

Interest income 

Other 

Total other income, net 

Net loss 

Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

Anebulo
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

 Statements
of Stockholders Equity 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance at June 30, 2021 

Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at June 30, 2022 

Balance 

Issuance of common stock, net of offering costs of 

- 

Common stock issued upon exercise of options 

- 

Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at June 30, 2023 

Balance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

Anebulo
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

 Statements
of Cash Flows 

2023 
 2022 

For the Years Ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock to the public, net of underwriter discount 
 
 - 
 
 Payment of initial public offering costs 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from issuance of common stock upon exercise of options 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 
 - 

Net decrease in cash 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of the period 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. As of June 30, 2023, the Company had an accumulated deficit of .
The Company expects to continue to generate operating losses. The Company expects that its cash will be sufficient to fund its
operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements through at least 12 months from the issuance date of the financial
statements. 

Until
such time, if ever, as the Company can generate substantial product revenue from sales of any current or future product candidates, the
Company expects to seek additional funding in order to reach its development and commercialization objectives through various potential
sources, such as equity and debt financings or through collaboration, license and development agreements. The Company may not be able
to obtain funding or enter into collaboration, license or development agreements on acceptable terms, or at all. The terms of any funding
may be dilutive to or adversely affect the rights of the Company s stockholders. If the Company is unable to obtain funding on
satisfactory terms, or at all, the Company could be forced to delay, scale back or eliminate the development of its current or future
product candidates or other business. 

Risks
and uncertainties 

The
Company s future results of operations involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Factors that could affect the Company s
future operating results and cause actual results to vary materially from expectations include uncertainty regarding results of clinical
trials and reaching milestones, uncertainty of regulatory approval of the Company s current or future product candidates, uncertainty
of market acceptance of the Company s product candidates, if approved, competition from substitute products and larger companies,
securing and protecting proprietary technology, ability to establish strategic relationships and dependence on key individuals and sole
source suppliers. Product candidates currently under development will require significant additional research and development efforts,
including extensive preclinical and clinical testing and regulatory approval prior to commercialization. These efforts require significant
amounts of additional capital, adequate personnel and infrastructure and extensive compliance-reporting capabilities and may not ultimately
lead to a marketing approval and commercialization of a product. 

The
Company s product candidates require approvals from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA and comparable foreign
regulatory agencies prior to commercial sales in their respective jurisdictions. There can be no assurance that any product candidates
will receive the necessary approvals. If the Company was denied approval, approval was delayed or the Company was unable to maintain
approval for any product candidate, it could have a materially adverse impact on the Company. Even if the Company s product development
efforts are successful, it is uncertain when, if ever, the Company will realize significant revenue from product sales. The Company will
need to generate significant revenue to achieve profitability, and it may never do so. 

Basis
of presentation 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP ).
Any reference in these notes to applicable guidance is meant to refer to GAAP as found in the Accounting Standards Codification ASC and Accounting Standards Updates ASU of the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ). 

were recorded in stockholders equity as a reduction of additional paid-in capital generated as a result of the offering. As
of June 30, 2023 and 2022, there were 
deferred offering costs. 

Expected
volatility - The Company does not have any trading history prior to the IPO, or sufficient trading history subsequent for its common
stock and the expected volatility was estimated using weighted-average measures of implied volatility and the historical volatility of
its peer group of companies for a period equal to the expected life of the stock options. The peer group of publicly traded biopharmaceutical
companies was chosen based on their similar size, stage in the life cycle or area of specialty. 

Risk-free
interest rate - The risk-free interest rate is based on the rates paid on securities issued by the U.S. Treasury with a term approximating
the expected life of the stock options. 

Expected
dividend - The Company has never paid, and does not anticipate paying, cash dividends on its common stock. Therefore, the expected
dividend yield was assumed to be zero. 

The
Company has made an entity-wide accounting policy election to account for pre-vesting award forfeitures when they occur. 

and for the fiscal
years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company had no ROU assets or lease liabilities
recorded on the balance sheet. 

The Company accounts for interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as part of its
provision for income taxes. The Company does not have any material uncertain tax positions for which reserves would be required. 

Prepaid research and development 
 - 

Prepaid other 

Total prepaid expenses 

Accrued payroll related expenses 

Total accrued expenses 

and was recorded as research and
development expense in the statement of operations for the period from April 23, 2020 (inception) to June 30, 2020. The license term
shall continue unless and until terminated for cause or insolvency, upon sixty day written notice from the Company, or until such time
as all royalties and other sums cease to be payable in accordance with the terms of the License Agreement. The Company is required to
pay development milestone payments related to clinical trials and granting of marketing authorization ranging from to ,
up to a total development milestone payment of , and sales milestone payments of and , in the first
year when cumulative annual net sales of licensed product exceeds and , respectively. The Company is also
required to pay single-digit royalties annual net on product sales over the term of the License Agreement. 

As
part of the IPO in May 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to Vernalis in lieu of future milestone payments by the
Company of , whether or not the Company achieves those milestones. The Company has determined that no further milestone payments
are considered probable as of June 30, 2023, and therefore no liability has been recorded. 

units (collectively, the Units ), with each Unit consisting of (i) one share of its common stock and
(ii) a warrant to purchase one share of its common stock, for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately (or per
Unit). The Company received approximately in net proceeds after deducting offering costs of approximately . Each
warrant has an exercise price of per share, which is subject to customary adjustments in the event of any combination or split
of the Company s common stock. The warrants expire on September 28, 2027. 

The Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the Restated Certificate with the
Secretary of the State of Delaware authorizes the company to issue up to shares of common stock, par value per share, and shares
of preferred stock, par value per share. 

 to the Company s effective tax rate for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 is as follows: 

Change in valuation allowance 
 - 
 - 
 
 Effective tax rate 

Other assets and liabilities 

Stock- based compensation 

Capitalized research and development expenditures 
 
 - 
 
 Gross deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 
 - 
 - 

The
Company did not record a benefit for income taxes. ASC 740 requires a valuation allowance to reduce the deferred tax assets reported
if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will
not be realized. Based upon the level of historical U.S. losses and future projections over the period in which the net deferred tax
assets are deductible, at this time, management believes it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize the benefits
of these deductible differences, and as a result the Company continues to maintain a valuation allowance for the full amount of the
deferred tax assets until there is sufficient evidence to support the reversal of some portion of the allowance. The valuation
allowance increased by approximately million
for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. The increase in the 2023 valuation allowance is primarily attributable to the current year
loss and capitalized research and development expenditures under Section 174. 

As
of June 30, 2023, the Company had federal net operating losses NOLs of approximately million,
which are available to offset future taxable income. These net operating loss carryforwards will carryforward indefinitely but are
subject to annual taxable income limitations in the year of utilization. 

Under
Internal Revenue Code Section 382, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change, the corporation s ability to use
its pre-change NOL carryforwards and other pre-change tax attributes to offset its post-change income may be limited. Generally, an ownership
change occurs when certain shareholders increase their aggregated ownership by more than 50 percentage points over their lowest ownership
percentage in a testing period (typically three years). The Company has not completed a study to assess whether an ownership change has
occurred or whether there have been multiple ownership changes since becoming a loss corporation as defined in Section
382. Future changes in stock ownership, which may be outside of the Company s control, may trigger an ownership change. In addition,
future equity offerings or acquisitions that have an equity component of the purchase price could result in an ownership change. If an
ownership change has occurred or does occur in the future, utilization of the NOL carryforwards or other tax attributes may be limited,
which could potentially result in the expiration of a portion of the federal and state net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards
before utilization, the reduction of the Company s gross deferred tax assets and corresponding valuation allowance, and increased
future tax liability to the Company. 

The
Company has no unrecognized tax benefits. Interest and penalty charges, if any, related to uncertain tax positions would be classified
as income tax expenses in the accompanying statements of operations. At June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company had no accrued interest or
penalties related to uncertain tax positions. 

Since
the Company is in a loss carryforward position, the Company is generally subject to examination by the U.S. federal tax authorities for
all tax years in which a loss carryforward was generated or used. The statute of limitations for assessment by federal and state tax jurisdictions
in which the Company has business operations is open until three years from the year the net operating losses are used. 

shares of the Company s common stock. On October 22, 2021, the Company s stockholders approved an increase of the total
authorized shares to 
shares. Other awards include restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights and other stock-based awards. . As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the
Company had and ,
respectively, shares available for future issuance under the 2020 Stock Incentive Plan. 

The
Company grants non-qualified stock option awards under the 2020 Stock Incentive Plan to its directors, employees and consultants of the
Company. These awards are subject to vesting requirements pursuant to the award and satisfaction of certain performance targets in some
cases. 

The
Company estimates the fair value of stock-based compensation utilizing the Black-Scholes option pricing model, which is dependent upon
several variables, such as assumptions the Company makes for the volatility of the Company s common stock, the expected term of
the stock options, the risk-free interest rate for a period that approximates the expected term, and the Company s expected dividend
yield. Each of these inputs is subjective and generally requires significant judgement to determine. Stock-based compensation is measured
at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized as expense over the requisite service period, which is generally
the vesting period of the respective award. 

- 

Risk-free interest rate 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expected dividend yield 

Expected term (in years) 
 - 

- 
 
 Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at June 30, 2023 

Options exercisable at June 30, 2023 

The
weighted-average grant date fair value of options awarded during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 was approximately 
and , respectively, per share. As of June 30, 2023, unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested stock options
totaled approximately million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 

General and administrative 

Total 

Warrants outstanding 
 
 - 
 
 Total 

F- 15 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement of Anebulo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. on Form S-8 (No.
333-264432) and Form S-1 (No. 333-268113) of our report dated September 22, 2023, on our audits of the financial statements as of
June 30, 2023 and 2022 and for each of the years then ended, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be filed
on or about September 22, 2023. 

/s/ EisnerAmper LLP 

EISNERAMPER
LLP 

 Iselin,
New Jersey 

 September
22, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Simon Allen, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023 of Anebulo Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: September 22, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Simon Allen 

Simon Allen 

Chief Executive Officer 

Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Sandra Gardiner, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023 of Anebulo Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: September 22, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Sandra Gardiner 

Sandra Gardiner 

Acting Chief Financial Officer 

Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Anebulo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending June
30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to
18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date: September 22, 2023 
 By 
 /s/
 Simon Allen 

Simon Allen 

Chief
 Executive Officer 
 Principal
 Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Anebulo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending June
30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to
18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date: September 22, 2023 
 By 
 /s/
 Sandra Gardiner 

Sandra Gardiner 

Acting
 Chief Financial Officer 
 Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 aneb-20230630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 aneb-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 aneb-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 aneb-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

