<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230908_10-K_edgar_data_1070524_0001140361-23-043315.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>20377037</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>279113</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2311160</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8140517</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4363671</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4347796</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-23-043315.hdr.sgml : 20230908
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230908123822
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-23-043315
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		120
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230908
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230908

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GREENE COUNTY BANCORP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001070524
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTIONS, NOT FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6036]
		IRS NUMBER:				141809721
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-25165
		FILM NUMBER:		231244506

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		302 MAIN STREET
		CITY:			CATSKILL
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			12414
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5189432600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		302 MAIN STREET
		CITY:			CATSKILL
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			12414

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-23-043315.txt : 20230908

10-K
 1
 brhc20058553_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the Fiscal Year Ended 

OR

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transaction period from ___________________ to ______________________

Commission File Number: 

(Name of registrant as specified in its Charter)

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

, , 

(Address of Principal Executive Office)

(Zip Code)

) 

(Issuer s Telephone Number including area code)

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of class 

Trading symbol 

Name of exchange on which registered 

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

None

(Title of Class)

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

YES NO 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act.

YES NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
 past twelve months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). YES 

NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging
 growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth
 company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark
 whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
 public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
 of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a
 recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark
 whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES NO 

As of December 31,
 2022, there were 17,026,828 shares outstanding of the Registrant s common stock of which 6,318,914 were shares of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant. Computed by reference to the closing price of Common Stock of 28.71 on
 December 31, 2022, the aggregate value of stock held by non-affiliates was ,000. As of September 7, 2023, there were shares outstanding of the Registrant s common stock.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the registrant s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part II and III of this Form
 10-K where indicated.

GREENE COUNTY BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

FORM 10-K

Index 

Part I

Item 1.

Business 

4-21

Item 1A.

Risk Factors 

21

Item 1B.

Unresolved Staff Comments 

21

Item 2.

Properties 

21

Item 3.

Legal Proceedings 

22

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures 

22

Part II

Item 5.

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

22

Item 6.

[Reserved] 

22

Item 7.

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

23-41

Item 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

41-42

Item 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

43

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Bonadio LLP, Pittsford, New York, PCAOB ID: 1884 

44-46

Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 

47

Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

48

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

49 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

50

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

51

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

52-86

Item 9.

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

87

Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures 

87

Item 9B.

Other Information 

87

Item 9C.

Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 

87

Part III

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 

87

Item 11.

Executive Compensation 

87

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

87

Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 

87

Item 14.

Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

87

Part IV

Item 15.

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

88-89

Item 16.

Form 10-K Summary 

89 

Signatures 

90

Index 

PART I 

ITEM 1 . 

Business 

Greene County Bancorp, MHC and Greene County Bancorp, Inc.

Greene County Bancorp, MHC was formed in December 1998 as part of The Bank of Greene County s mutual holding company reorganization. In 2001, Greene County Bancorp, MHC converted from a state to a federal charter. 
 The Federal Reserve Board regulates Greene County Bancorp, MHC. Greene County Bancorp, MHC owns 54.1 of the issued and outstanding common stock of Greene County Bancorp, Inc . The remaining shares of Greene
 County Bancorp, Inc. are owned by public stockholders and The Bank of Greene County s Employee Stock Ownership Plan. At June 30, 2023, Greene County Bancorp, Inc. s assets consisted primarily of its investment in The Bank of Greene County, cash
 and securities. At June 30, 2023, 7,808,300 shares of Greene County Bancorp, Inc. s common stock, par value 0.10 per share, were held by the public, including executive officers and directors, 195,852 shares were held as Treasury stock and
 9,218,528 shares were held by Greene County Bancorp, MHC, Greene County Bancorp, Inc. s mutual holding company. Greene County Bancorp, MHC does not engage in any business activity other than to hold a majority of Greene County Bancorp, Inc. s
 common stock and to invest any liquid assets of Greene County Bancorp, MHC.

Greene County Bancorp, Inc. (the Company operates as the federally chartered holding company of The Bank of Greene County, a federally chartered savings bank. Greene County
 Bancorp, Inc. was organized in December of 1998 at the direction of the Board of Trustees of The Bank of Greene County (formerly Greene County Savings Bank) for the purpose of acting as the holding company of The Bank of Greene County. In 2001,
 Greene County Bancorp, Inc. converted its charter from a Delaware corporation regulated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System to a federal corporation regulated by the Office of Thrift Supervision. Effective in July 2011, the
 regulation of federally chartered savings and loan holding companies was transferred to the Federal Reserve Board under the Dodd-Frank Act. Greene County Bancorp, Inc. s principal business is overseeing and directing the business of The Bank of
 Greene County and monitoring its cash position.

The Bank of Greene County

The Bank of Greene County (the Bank was organized in 1889 as The Building and Loan Association of Catskill, a New York-chartered savings and loan association. In 1974, The
 Bank of Greene County converted to a New York mutual savings bank under the name Greene County Savings Bank. In conjunction with the reorganization and the offering completed in December 1998, which resulted in the organization of Greene County
 Bancorp, Inc., Greene County Savings Bank changed its name to The Bank of Greene County. In November 2006, The Bank of Greene County converted its charter to a federal savings bank charter. The Bank of Greene County s deposits are insured by
 the Deposit Insurance Fund, as administered by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, up to the maximum amount permitted by law.

The Bank of Greene County s principal business consists of attracting retail deposits from the general public in the areas surrounding its branches and investing those deposits, together with funds generated from
 operations and borrowings, primarily in residential mortgage loans, commercial real estate mortgage loans, consumer loans, home equity loans and commercial business loans. In addition, The Bank of Greene County invests a significant portion of
 its assets in state and political subdivision securities and mortgage-backed securities. The Bank of Greene County s revenues are derived principally from the interest on its residential and commercial real estate mortgages, and to a lesser
 extent, from interest on consumer and commercial loans and other types of securities, as well as from servicing fees and service charges and other fees collected on its deposit accounts, debit card fee income, and bank owned life insurance
 income. The Bank of Greene County offers investment alternatives for customers, which also contributes to the Bank s revenues through the Infinex Corporation. The Infinex Corporation acquired Essex National Securities LLP in 2016 allowing the
 Bank to rebrand these alternative investment services as Greene Investment Services. The Bank of Greene County s primary sources of funds are deposits, borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York FHLB ), and principal and interest
 payments on loans and securities.

Greene County Commercial Bank

The Bank of Greene County operates a limited-purpose subsidiary, Greene County Commercial Bank (the Commercial Bank . Greene County Commercial Bank was formed in January
 2004 as a New York State-chartered limited purpose commercial bank. Greene County Commercial Bank has the power to receive deposits only to the extent of accepting for deposit the funds of the United States and the State of New York and their
 respective agents, authorities and instrumentalities, and local governments as defined in Section 10(a)(1) of the New York General Municipal Law.

Greene Property Holdings, Ltd.

The Bank of Greene County also operates a real estate investment trust, Greene Property Holdings, Ltd. Greene Property Holdings, Ltd. was formed in June 2011 as a New York corporation that elected under the
 Internal Revenue Code to be taxed as a real estate investment trust. The Bank of Greene County transferred beneficial ownership of certain mortgages and notes to Greene Property Holdings, Ltd. in exchange for 100 of the common stock of Greene
 Property Holdings, Ltd. The Bank of Greene County continues to service these mortgage customers pursuant to a management and servicing agreement with Greene Property Holdings, Ltd.

4 

Index 

Administrative offices for Greene County Bancorp, MHC, Greene County Bancorp, Inc., The Bank of Greene County, Greene County Commercial Bank, and Greene Property Holdings, Ltd. are located at 302 Main Street,
 Catskill, New York 12414-1317. The telephone number is (518) 943-2600.

Greene Risk Management, Inc.

Greene Risk Management, Inc. GRM was formed in December 2014 as a pooled captive insurance company subsidiary of Greene County Bancorp, Inc., incorporated in the State of Nevada. During the fiscal year,
 management determined to close down GRM due to proposed IRS regulations. The purpose of this company was to provide additional insurance coverage for the Company and its subsidiaries related to the operations of the Company for which insurance
 may not be economically feasible. On June 21, 2023, GRM received a formal surrender of certificate of authority and voluntary withdrawal notice from the State of Nevada, Division of Insurance. The remaining liabilities were settled and assets
 transferred to Greene County Bancorp Inc., the parent of GRM as of June 28, 2023, and the corporation was formally liquidated under IRS Code 332 as of June 30, 2023.

Greene County Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries

(In thousands)

Balance sheet data as of June 30, 2023:

Assets

Deposits

Borrowings

Equity

Greene County Bancorp, Inc. (consolidated)

2,698,283

2,437,161

49,495

183,283

The Bank of Greene County (consolidated)

2,692,296

2,456,982

-

208,861

Greene County Commercial Bank

1,090,587

1,033,605

-

85,583

Greene Property Holdings, Ltd.

687,079

-

-

687,079

Greene Risk Management, Inc.

-

-

-

-

Non-GAAP Financial Measures

Regulation G, a rule adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), applies to certain SEC filings, including earnings releases, made by registered companies that contain non-GAAP financial measures. 
 GAAP is generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. Under Regulation G, companies making public disclosures containing non-GAAP financial measures must also disclose, along with each non-GAAP financial measure,
 certain additional information, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure to the closest comparable GAAP financial measure (if a comparable GAAP measure exists) and a statement of the Company s reasons for utilizing the
 non-GAAP financial measure as part of its financial disclosures. The SEC has exempted from the definition of non-GAAP financial measures certain commonly used financial measures that are not based on GAAP. When these exempted measures are
 included in public disclosures, supplemental information is not required. Financial institutions like the Company and its subsidiary banks are subject to an array of bank regulatory capital measures that are financial in nature but are not based
 on GAAP and are not easily reconcilable to the closest comparable GAAP financial measures, even in those cases where a comparable measure exists. The Company follows industry practice in disclosing its financial condition under these various
 regulatory capital measures, including period-end regulatory capital ratios for itself and its subsidiary banks, in its periodic reports filed with the SEC, and it does so without compliance with Regulation G, on the widely-shared assumption that
 the SEC regards such non-GAAP measures to be exempt from Regulation G. The Company uses in this annual report additional non-GAAP financial measures that are commonly utilized by financial institutions and have not been specifically exempted by
 the SEC from Regulation G. The Company provides, as supplemental information, such non-GAAP measures included in this annual report as described immediately below.

Tax-Equivalent Net Interest Income and Net Interest Margin: Net interest income, as a component of the tabular presentation by financial institutions of Selected Financial
 Information regarding their recently completed operations, as well as disclosures based on that tabular presentation, is commonly presented on a tax-equivalent basis. That is, to the extent that some component of the institution s net interest
 income, which is presented on a before-tax basis, is exempt from taxation (e.g., is received by the institution as a result of its holdings of state or municipal obligations), an amount equal to the tax benefit derived from that component is
 added to the actual before-tax net interest income total. This adjustment is considered helpful in comparing one financial institution s net interest income to that of another institution or in analyzing any institution s net interest income
 trend line over time, to correct any analytical distortion that might otherwise arise from the fact that financial institutions vary widely in the proportions of their portfolios that are invested in tax-exempt securities, and that even a single
 institution may significantly alter over time the proportion of its own portfolio that is invested in tax-exempt obligations. Moreover, net interest income is itself a component of a second financial measure commonly used by financial
 institutions, net interest margin, which is the ratio of net interest income to average interest-earning assets. For purposes of this measure as well, tax-equivalent net interest income is generally used by financial institutions, again to
 provide a better basis of comparison from institution to institution and to better demonstrate a single institution s performance over time. While we present net interest income and net interest margin utilizing GAAP measures (no tax-equivalent
 adjustments) as a component of the tabular presentation within our disclosures, we do provide as supplemental information net interest income and net interest margin on a tax-equivalent basis.

5 

Index 

Market Area

The Company is a community bank offering a variety of financial services to meet the needs of the communities it serves. At June 30, 2023, the Company operated 18 full-service banking offices, an operations
 center, customer call center and lending center located in its market area within the Hudson Valley and Capital District Regions of New York State. The primary market area the Company serves is the Greene, Columbia, Albany, Ulster and Rensselaer
 Counties of New York State.

As of 2022, the Greene County population was approximately 48,000, Columbia County was approximately 61,000, Albany County was approximately 316,000, Ulster County was approximately 182,000 and Rensselaer County
 was approximately 160,000. Greene County is primarily rural, and the major industry consists of tourism associated with the several ski facilities and festivals located in the Catskill Mountains. Greene County has no concentrations of
 manufacturing industry. Greene County is contiguous to the Albany-Schenectady-Troy metropolitan statistical area. The close proximity of Greene County to the city of Albany has made it a bedroom community for persons working in the Albany
 capital area. Albany County s economy is dependent on state government, health care services and higher education. Albany has also been growing in the area of technology jobs focusing on the areas of micro- and nanotechnology. Columbia County s
 major industry s consists of tourism, health care and Columbia County is also a bedroom community for persons working in the Albany capital region. Rensselaer County s major industries consists of health care services and higher education,
 located in close proximity to Albany County. Ulster County s major industry consists of tourism with a number of state parks located within the Catskill Mountains and the Shawangunk Ridge. As such, local employment is primarily within the
 services industry as well as government and health services.

Competition

The Company faces significant competition both in making loans and in attracting deposits, including attracting municipal deposits. The Company s market area has a high density of financial institutions, including
 online competitors, many of which are branches of significantly larger institutions that have greater financial resources than the Company, and all of which are competitors of the Company to varying degrees. The Company s competition for loans
 comes principally from commercial banks, savings banks, savings and loan associations, mortgage-banking companies, credit unions, insurance companies and other financial service companies. The Company faces additional competition for deposits
 from non-depository competitors such as the mutual fund industry, securities and brokerage firms, fintech firms and insurance companies. Competition has also increased as a result of the lifting of restrictions on the interstate operations of
 financial institutions.

Competition has increased as a result of the enactment of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999, which eased restrictions on entry into the financial services market by insurance companies and securities firms. 
 Moreover, because this legislation permits banks, securities firms and insurance companies to affiliate, the financial services industry could experience further consolidation. This could result in a growing number of larger financial
 institutions competing in the Company s primary market area that offer a wider variety of financial services than the Company currently offers. The internet has also become a significant competitive factor for the Company and the overall
 financial services industry. Competition for deposits, for the origination of loans and the provision of other financial services may limit the Company s growth and adversely impact its profitability in the future.

Lending Activities

General. The principal lending activity of the Company is the origination, for retention in its portfolio, of fixed-rate and adjustable-rate mortgage
 loans collateralized by residential and commercial real estate primarily located within its primary market area. The Company also originates home equity loans, line of credit products, consumer loans and commercial business loans, and has
 increased its focus on all aspects of commercial lending.

The Company continues to utilize high quality underwriting standards in originating real estate loans. As such, it does not engage in sub-prime lending or other exotic loan products. At the time of origination,
 appraisals are obtained to ensure an adequate loan-to-value ratio of the underlying collateral. Updated appraisals are obtained on loans when there is a reason to believe that there has been a change in the borrower s ability to repay the loan
 principal and interest or an event that would indicate a significant decline in the collateral value. Additionally, if an existing loan is to be modified or refinanced, generally, an appraisal is ordered to ensure collateral adequacy.

6 

Index 

In an effort to manage the interest rate risk, the Company originates shorter-term consumer loans and other adjustable-rate loans, including many commercial loans, and residential mortgage loans with 10, 15 and 20
 year terms. The Company seeks to attract checking and other transaction accounts that generally have lower interest rate costs and tend to be less interest rate sensitive when interest rates rise to fund fixed-rate residential mortgages.

The loan portfolio composition and loan maturity schedule are set forth in Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of this Annual Report.

Discussion regarding the credit quality of the loan portfolio is set forth in Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis and in Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 4 , Loans, of this Annual Report.

Residential, Construction and Land Loans, and Multi-family Loans. The Company s primary lending activity is the origination of residential mortgage
 loans collateralized by property located in the Company s primary market area. Residential mortgage loans refer to loans collateralized by one to four-family residences. By contrast, multi-family loans refer to loans collateralized by
 multi-family units, such as apartment buildings. The Company originates residential mortgage loans with a maximum loan-to-value ratio of 85 . During fiscal 2021, the Company purchased 10.5 million of residential loans that were outside of our
 primary market area, for which full due diligence was completed on each loan to ensure credit quality. There were no similar loan purchases in fiscal years 2022 and 2023. For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, no residential mortgage loans
 were originated by the Company with private mortgage insurance. Generally, residential mortgage loans are originated for terms of up to 30 years. In recent years however, the Company has been successful in marketing and originating such loans
 with 10, 15 and 20 year terms. The Company generally requires fire and casualty insurance, the establishment of a mortgage escrow account for the payment of real estate taxes, and hazard and flood insurance. The Company requires title insurance
 on most loans for the construction or purchase of residential properties collateralizing real estate loans made by the Company. Title insurance is not required on all mortgage loans, but is evaluated on a case by case basis.

At June 30, 2023, virtually all of the Company s residential mortgage loans were underwritten to secondary market guidelines and accordingly, were eligible for sale in the secondary mortgage market. However,
 generally the residential mortgage loans originated by the Company are retained in its portfolio and are not sold into the secondary mortgage market. To the extent fixed-rate residential mortgage loans are retained by the Company, it is exposed
 to increases in market interest rates, since the yields earned on such fixed-rate assets would remain fixed, while the rates paid by the Company for deposits and borrowings may increase, which could result in lower net interest income.

The Company currently offers residential mortgage loans with fixed and adjustable interest rates. Originations of fixed-rate loans versus adjustable-rate loans are monitored on an ongoing basis and are affected
 significantly by the level of market interest rates, customer preference, the Company s interest rate gap position, and loan products offered by the Company s competitors. In the low interest rate environment in the recent years and through the
 first quarter of calendar 2022, most of our borrowers preferred fixed-rate loans to adjustable-rate loans. During the current fiscal year, there has been an increase in adjustable-rate mortgage loans, due to the higher interest rate environment.
 Residential real estate loans often remain outstanding for significantly shorter periods than their contractual terms because borrowers may refinance or prepay loans at their option. The average length of time that the Company s residential
 mortgage loans remain outstanding varies significantly depending upon trends in market interest rates and other factors.

The Company s adjustable-rate mortgage ARM loans currently provide for maximum rate adjustments of 150 basis points per year and 600 basis points over the term of the loan. Generally, the Company s ARM loans
 adjust annually after the initial fixed rate portion expires. After origination, the interest rate on such ARM loans is reset based upon a contractual spread or margin above the average yield on one-year United States Treasury securities,
 adjusted to a constant maturity, as published weekly by the Federal Reserve Board. The Company offers home equity line of credit ARM loans, with initial interest rates that are below market, referred to as introductory rates, however, in
 underwriting such loans, borrowers qualified at the full index rate.

ARM loans decrease the risk associated with changes in market interest rates by periodically re-pricing, but involve other risks because as interest rates increase, the underlying payments by the borrower increase,
 thus increasing the potential for default by the borrower. At the same time, the marketability of the underlying collateral may be adversely affected by higher interest rates. Upward adjustment of the contractual interest rate is also limited by
 the maximum periodic and lifetime interest rate adjustment permitted by the terms of the ARM loans, and, therefore, is potentially limited in effectiveness during periods of rapidly rising interest rates. The Company s willingness and capacity to
 originate and hold in portfolio fixed-rate residential mortgage loans has enabled it to expand customer relationships in the historically low long-term interest rate environment seen in the prior years, where borrowers have generally preferred
 fixed-rate mortgage loans. However, as noted above, to the extent the Company retains fixed rate residential mortgage loans in its portfolio, it is exposed to increases in market interest rates, since the yields earned on such fixed rate assets
 would remain fixed while the rates paid by the Company for deposits and borrowings may increase, which could result in lower net interest income.

The Company s residential mortgage loans are generally originated by the Company s loan representatives operating in its Bank offices through their contacts with existing or past loan customers, depositors of the
 Company, attorneys and accountants who refer loan applications from the general public, and local realtors. The Company has loan originators who call upon customers during non-banking hours and at locations convenient to the customer.

7 

Index 

All residential mortgage loans originated by the Company include due-on-sale clauses, which give the Company the right to declare a loan immediately due and payable in the event that, among other things, the
 borrower sells or otherwise disposes of the real property subject to the mortgage.

The Company originates construction-to-permanent loans to homeowners for the purpose of construction of primary and secondary residences. The Company issues a commitment and has one closing which encompasses both
 the construction phase and permanent financing. The construction phase is a maximum term of twelve months and the interest charged is the rate as stated in the note, with loan-to-value ratios of up to 85.0 , of the completed project. The
 Company also offers loans collateralized by undeveloped land. The acreage associated with such loans is limited. These land loans generally are intended for future sites of primary or secondary residences. The terms of vacant land loans
 generally have a fifteen-year maximum amortization.

Construction lending generally involves a greater degree of risk than other residential mortgage lending. The repayment of the construction loan is, to a great degree, dependent upon the successful and timely
 completion of the construction of the subject property. The Company completes inspections during the construction phase prior to any disbursements. The Company limits its risk during the construction as disbursements are not made until the
 required work for each advance has been completed. Construction delays may further impair the borrower s ability to repay the loan.

The Company originates a limited number of multi-family loans. Multi-family loans are generally collateralized by apartment buildings located in the Company s primary market area. The Company s underwriting
 practices and the risks associated with multi-family loans do not differ substantially from that of commercial real estate mortgage loans.

Commercial Real Estate Mortgages. In recent years we have emphasized growing our commercial lending department and believe we have developed a strong
 team of lenders and business development staff resulting in our continued growth in these portfolios. Office buildings, mixed-use properties and other commercial properties collateralize commercial real estate mortgages. The Company originates
 fixed- and adjustable-rate commercial real estate mortgage loans with maximum terms of up to 30 years.

In underwriting commercial real estate mortgage loans, the Company reviews the expected net operating income generated by the real estate to ensure that it is generally at least 110 of the amount of the monthly
 debt service. We also review in the underwriting process the age and condition of the collateral, the financial resources and income level of the borrower and any guarantors and the borrower s business experience. The Company generally requires
 personal guarantees on all commercial real estate mortgage.

The Company may require an environmental site assessment to be performed by an independent professional for commercial real estate mortgage loans. It is also the Company s policy to require hazard insurance on all
 commercial real estate mortgage loans. In addition, the Company may require borrowers to make payments to a mortgage escrow account for the payment of property taxes. Any exceptions to the Company s loan policies must be made in accordance with
 the limitations set out in each policy. Typically, the exception authority ranges from the Chief Lending Officer to the Board of Directors, depending on the size and type of loan involved.

Loans collateralized by commercial real estate mortgages generally are larger than residential loans and involve a greater degree of risk. Commercial real estate mortgage loans often involve large loan balances to
 single borrowers or groups of related borrowers. Payments on these loans depend to a large degree on the results of operations and management of the properties or underlying businesses, and may be affected to a greater extent by adverse
 conditions in the real estate market or the economy in general. Accordingly, the nature of commercial real estate mortgage loans makes them more difficult for management to monitor and evaluate.

Consumer Loans. The Company s consumer loans consist of direct loans on new and used automobiles, personal loans (either secured or unsecured), home
 equity loans, and other consumer installment loans (consisting of passbook loans, unsecured home improvement loans, recreational vehicle loans, and deposit account overdrafts). Consumer loans (other than home equity loans and deposit account
 overdrafts) are originated at fixed rates with terms to maturity of one to five years.

Consumer loans generally have shorter terms and higher interest rates than residential mortgage loans. In addition, consumer loans expand the products and services offered by the Company to better meet the
 financial services needs of its customers. Consumer loans generally involve greater credit risk than residential mortgage loans because of the difference in the underlying collateral. Repossessed collateral for a defaulted consumer loan may not
 provide an adequate source of repayment of the outstanding loan balance because of the greater likelihood of damage, loss or depreciation in the underlying collateral. The remaining deficiency often does not warrant further substantial collection
 efforts against the borrower beyond obtaining a deficiency judgment. In addition, consumer loan collections depend on the borrower s personal financial stability. Furthermore, the application of various federal and state laws, including federal
 and state bankruptcy and insolvency laws, may limit the amount that can be recovered on such loans.

8 

Index 

The Company s underwriting procedures for consumer loans include an assessment of the applicant s credit history and an assessment of the applicant s ability to meet existing and proposed debt obligations. Although
 the applicant s creditworthiness is the primary consideration, the underwriting process also includes a comparison of the value of the collateral to the proposed loan amount. The Company underwrites its consumer loans internally, which the
 Company believes limits its exposure to credit risks associated with loans underwritten or purchased from brokers and other external sources.

The Company offers fixed- and adjustable-rate home equity loans that are collateralized by the borrower s residence. Home equity loans are generally underwritten with terms not to exceed 25 years and under the
 same criteria that the Company uses to underwrite residential fixed-rate loans. Home equity loans may be underwritten with terms not to exceed 25 years and with a loan to value ratio of 85 when combined with the principal balance of the
 existing mortgage loan. The Company appraises the property collateralizing the loan at the time of the loan application (but not thereafter) in order to determine the value of the property collateralizing the home equity loans. Home equity loans
 may have an additional inherent risk if the Company does not hold the first mortgage. The Company may stand in a secondary position in the event of collateral liquidation resulting in a greater chance of insufficiency to meet all obligations.

Commercial Loans. The Company also originates commercial loans with terms of up to 20 years at fixed and adjustable rates. The decision to grant a
 commercial loan depends primarily on the creditworthiness and cash flow of the borrower (and any guarantors) and secondarily on the value of and ability to liquidate the collateral, which may consist of receivables, inventory and equipment. A
 mortgage may also be taken for additional collateral purposes, but is considered secondary to the other collateral for commercial business loans. The Company generally requires annual financial statements, tax returns and personal guarantees
 from the commercial borrowers. The Company also generally requires an appraisal of any real estate that collateralizes the loan. The Company s commercial loan portfolio includes loans collateralized by inventory, business assets, fire trucks,
 other equipment, or real estate.

Commercial lending generally involves greater risk than residential mortgage lending and involves risks that are different from those associated with residential and commercial real estate mortgage lending. Real
 estate lending is generally considered to be cash flow and collateral based, with loan amounts based on fixed-rate loan-to-collateral values, and liquidation of the underlying real estate collateral is viewed as the primary source of repayment in
 the event of borrower default. Although commercial loans may be collateralized by equipment or other business assets, the liquidation of collateral in the event of a borrower default is often an insufficient source of repayment because equipment
 and other business assets may be obsolete or of limited use, among other things. Accordingly, the repayment of a commercial loan depends primarily on the creditworthiness of the borrower (and any guarantors), while liquidation of collateral is a
 secondary and often insufficient source of repayment.

Loan Approval Procedures and Authority. The Board of Directors establishes the lending policies and loan approval limits of the Company. Loan officers
 generally have the authority to originate mortgage loans, consumer loans and commercial business loans up to amounts established for each lending officer. The Bank established an Officer s Loan Committee, who approves all residential loans and
 commercial loans greater than 2.5 million and up to 10.0 million. The Board of Directors approves loans that are greater than 10.0 million.

The Board annually approves independent appraisers used by the Company. For larger loans, the Company may require an environmental site assessment to be performed by an independent professional for all
 non-residential mortgage loans. It is the Company s policy to require hazard insurance on all mortgage loans.

Loan Origination Fees and Other Income . In addition to interest earned on loans, the Company receives loan
 origination fees. Such fees vary with the volume and type of loans and commitments made and purchased, principal repayments, and competitive conditions in the mortgage markets, which in turn respond to the demand and availability of money.

In addition to loan origination fees, the Company also receives other income that consists primarily of deposit account service charges, ATM fees, debit card fees and loan payment late charges. The Company also
 installs, maintains and services merchant bankcard equipment for local retailers and is paid a percentage of the transactions processed using such equipment.

Participation Loans: The Company has formed relationships with other community banks within our region to participate in and participate out larger
 commercial loan relationships. These types of loans are generally considered riskier due to the size and complexity of the loan relationship. By entering a participation in or out agreement with the other bank, the Company can obtain the loan
 relationship while limiting its exposure to credit loss or mitigate a large credit exposure by sharing it with a participant. Management completes its due diligence review and underwriting of all participation loans and monitors the active
 servicing of all participation loans.

Loans to One Borrower . Federal savings banks are subject to the same loans to one borrower limits as those
 applicable to national banks, which under current regulations restrict loans to one borrower to an amount equal to 15 of unimpaired capital and unimpaired surplus on an unsecured basis, and an additional amount equal to 10 of unimpaired capital
 and unimpaired surplus if the loan is collateralized by readily marketable collateral (generally, financial instruments and bullion, but not real estate).

9 

Index 

At June 30, 2023, the largest aggregate amount loaned by the Company to one borrower consisted of twelve commercial mortgages and commercial lines with an outstanding balance of 19.0 million. This loan
 relationship was performing in accordance with its repayment terms at June 30, 2023.

Securities Activities

Given the Company s portfolio of fixed-rate residential mortgage loans, the Company, and its subsidiary Greene County Commercial Bank, maintain high balances of liquid investments for the purpose of mitigating
 interest rate risk and meeting collateral requirements for municipal deposits in excess of FDIC insurance limits. The Board of Directors establishes the securities investment policy. This policy dictates that investment decisions will be made
 based on the safety of the investment, liquidity requirements, potential returns, cash flow targets, and desired risk parameters. In pursuing these objectives, management considers the ability of an investment to provide earnings consistent with
 factors of quality, maturity, marketability and risk diversification.

The Company s current policies generally limit securities investments to U.S. Government and securities of government sponsored enterprises, federal funds sold, municipal bonds, corporate debt obligations and
 certain mutual funds. In addition, the Company s policies permit investments in mortgage-backed securities, including securities issued and guaranteed by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and GNMA, and collateralized mortgage obligations. As of June 30,
 2023, all mortgage-backed securities including collateralized mortgage obligations were securities of government sponsored enterprises, and no private-label mortgage-backed securities or collateralized mortgage obligations were held in the
 securities portfolio. The Company s current securities investment strategy utilizes a risk management approach of diversified investing among three categories: short-, intermediate- and long-term. The emphasis of this approach is to increase
 overall investment securities yields while managing interest rate risk. The Company will only invest in high quality securities, as determined by management s analysis at the time of purchase. The Company does not engage in any derivative or
 hedging investment transactions, such as interest rate swaps or caps.

The Company has classified its investments in debt securities as either available-for-sale or held-to-maturity. Securities available-for-sale are reported at fair value, with net unrealized gains and losses
 reflected in the accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) component of shareholders equity, net of applicable income taxes. Securities held-to-maturity are those debt securities which management has the intent and the Company has the
 ability to hold to maturity and balances are reported at amortized cost. The Company does not have trading securities in its portfolio. The Company has equity securities that are reported at fair value, with net unrealized gains and losses
 reflected in income.

The estimated fair values of debt securities at June 30, 2023 by contractual maturity are set forth in Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of this Annual Report.

Additional discussion of management s decisions with respect to shifting investments among the various investment portfolios described above and the level of mortgage-backed securities is set forth in Part II, Item
 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of this Annual Report.

Discussion related to the evaluation of the portfolio for other-than-temporary impairment is set forth in Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 1, Summary

of significant accounting policies, and Note 3, Securities, of this Annual Report.

State and Political Subdivision Securities. The Bank and its subsidiary Greene County Commercial Bank purchase state and political subdivision
 securities in order to: (i) generate positive interest rate spread with minimal administrative expense; (ii) lower credit risk as a result of purchasing general obligations which are subject to the levy of ad valorem taxes within the
 municipalities jurisdiction; (iii) increase liquidity, (iv) provide low cost funding to the local communities within the Company s market area, and (v) serve as collateral for municipal deposits in excess of FDIC limits. State and political
 subdivision securities purchased within New York State are exempt from Federal income tax and are zero apportionment for New York State income tax purposes. As a result, the yield on these securities as reported within the financial statements,
 are lower than would be attained on other investment options. The portfolio consists of either short-term obligations, due within one year, or are serial or statutory installment bonds which require semi-annual or annual payments of principal and
 interest. Prepayment risk on these securities is low as most of the bonds are non-callable.

Management believes that credit risk on its state and political subdivision securities portfolio is low. Management analyzes each security prior to purchase and closely monitors these securities by obtaining data
 collected from the New York State Comptroller s office when published annually. Management also reviews any underlying ratings of the securities in its assessment of credit risk.

Mortgage-Backed and Asset-Backed Securities. The Bank and its subsidiary Greene County Commercial Bank purchase mortgage-backed securities in order to:
 (i) generate positive interest rate spreads with minimal administrative expense; (ii) lower the Company s credit risk as a result of the guarantees provided by Freddie Mac, Fannie Mae, and GNMA or other government sponsored enterprises; and (iii)
 increase liquidity. Collateralized mortgage obligations CMOs as well as other mortgage-backed securities generally are a type of mortgage-backed bond secured by the cash flow of a pool of mortgages. CMOs have regular principal and interest
 payments made by borrowers separated into different payment streams, creating several bonds that repay invested capital at different rates. The CMO bond may pay the investor at a different rate than the underlying mortgage pool. Often bonds
 classified as mortgage-backed securities are considered pass-through securities and payments include principal and interest in a manner that makes them self-amortizing. As a result there is no final lump-sum payment at maturity. The Company
 does not invest in private label mortgage-backed securities due to the potential for a higher level of credit risk.

10 

Index 

The pooling of mortgages and the issuance of a security with an interest rate that is based on the interest rates of the underlying mortgages creates mortgage-backed securities. Mortgage-backed securities
 typically represent a participation interest in a pool of single-family or multi-family mortgages. The issuers of such securities (generally U.S. Government sponsored enterprises, including Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and GNMA) pool and resell the
 participation interests in the form of securities to investors, such as the Company, and guarantee the payment of principal and interest to these investors. Mortgage-backed securities generally yield less than the underlying loans because of the
 cost of payment guarantees and credit enhancements. In addition, mortgage-backed securities are usually more liquid than individual mortgage loans and may be used to collateralize certain liabilities and obligations of the Company and its
 subsidiary the Commercial Bank.

Investments in mortgage-backed securities involve a risk that actual prepayments will be greater than estimated over the life of the security, which may require adjustments to the amortization of any premium or
 accretion of any discount relating to such instruments thereby altering the net yield on such securities. There is also reinvestment risk associated with the cash flows from such securities or in the event such securities are prepaid. In
 addition, the market value of such securities may be adversely affected by changes in interest rates. The Company has attempted to mitigate credit risk by limiting purchases of mortgage-backed securities to those offered by various government
 sponsored enterprises.

Management reviews prepayment estimates periodically to ensure that prepayment assumptions are reasonable considering the underlying collateral for the securities at issue and current interest rates and to
 determine the yield and estimated maturity of Company s mortgage-backed securities portfolio. However, the actual maturity of a security may be less than its stated maturity due to prepayments of the underlying mortgages. Prepayments that are
 faster than anticipated may shorten the life of the security and thereby reduce the net yield on such securities. Although prepayments of underlying mortgages depend on many factors, the difference between the interest rates on the underlying
 mortgages and the prevailing mortgage interest rates generally is the most significant determinant of the rate of prepayments. During periods of declining mortgage interest rates, refinancing generally increases and accelerates the prepayment of
 the underlying mortgages and the related security. Under such circumstances, the Company may be subject to reinvestment risk because, to the extent that securities prepay faster than anticipated, the Company may not be able to reinvest the
 proceeds of such repayments and prepayments at a comparable rate of return. Conversely, in a rising interest rate environment, prepayments may decline, thereby extending the estimated life of the security and depriving the Company of the ability
 to reinvest cash flows at the increased rates of interest.

Asset-backed securities are a type of debt security collateralized by various loans and assets including: automobile loans, equipment leases, credit card receivables, home equity and improvement loans, manufactured
 housing, student loans and other consumer loans. In the case of the Company, there are no asset-backed securities in the portfolio at June 30, 2023.

Sources of Funds

General. Deposits, repayments and prepayments of loans and securities, proceeds from sales of securities, and proceeds from maturing securities and cash
 flows from operations are the primary sources of the Company s funds for use in lending, investing and for other general purposes. The Company also has several borrowing facilities available to provide additional liquidity as needed.

Deposits. The Company offers a variety of deposit accounts with a range of interest rates and terms. The Company s deposit accounts consist of savings,
 NOW accounts, money market accounts, certificates of deposit, noninterest-bearing checking accounts and Individual Retirement Accounts (IRAs).

The flow of deposits is influenced significantly by general economic conditions, changes in money market rates, prevailing interest rates and competition. Deposits are obtained predominantly from the areas in
 which the Company s branch offices are located. The Company relies primarily on competitive pricing of its deposit products and customer service and long-standing relationships with customers to attract and retain these deposits; however, market
 interest rates and rates offered by competing financial institutions significantly affect the Company s ability to attract and retain deposits. The Company uses traditional means of advertising its deposit products, including radio, television,
 print and social media. It generally does not solicit deposits from outside its market area. While the Company accepts certificates of deposit in excess of 250,000, they are not subject to preferential rates. The Company does not actively
 solicit such deposits, as they are more difficult to retain than core deposits. The Bank and Commercial Bank also participate in the IntraFi Network, LLC IntraFi Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Service
 CDARS and its Insured Cash Sweep ICS program, both of which function to assure full FDIC insurance for participating Bank customers. The Bank and Commercial Bank can place a one-way buy through the
 IntraFi Network for both the CDARS and ICS programs to obtain brokered deposits, along with the national brokerage networks. Historically, the Company has not used brokers to obtain deposits, but will use them to help manage the
 seasonality within the municipal deposit base in the most cost efficient manner. As a result of this seasonality, the Company had 60.0 million in brokered deposits as of June 30, 2023.

11 

Index 

The Commercial Bank s purpose is to attract deposits from local municipalities. The Commercial Bank had 1.0 billion in deposits at June 30, 2023.

Borrowed Funds. The Company maintains borrowing arrangements in the form of lines of credit through the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York FHLB ), the
 Federal Reserve Bank of New York FRB ), Atlantic Central Bankers Bank ACBB ), as well as two other depository institutions. The Company may also obtain term borrowings from the FHLB and FRB. With the exception of the line of credit with
 ACBB, and the other depository institution, these borrowing arrangements are secured by mortgage loans, commercial loans or investment securities.

The Company has an Irrevocable Letter of Credit Reimbursement Agreement with the FHLB, whereby upon the Bank s request, on behalf of the Commercial Bank, an irrevocable letter of credit is issued to secure
 municipal transactional deposit accounts. These letters of credit are secured by residential mortgage and commercial real estate loans. The amount of funds available to the Company through the FHLB line of credit is reduced by any letters of
 credit outstanding. At June 30, 2023, there were 110 million in municipal letters of credit outstanding.

Subordinated Debt. The Company has issued subordinated notes as a cost effective way to raise regulatory capital. The Company s outstanding
 subordinated debt consisted of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes with call features, issued in September 2020 and 2021, due September 2030 and 2031, respectively.

Additional discussion related to borrowings is set forth in Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis and in Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 7 Borrowings of this Annual Report.

Personnel

As of June 30, 2023, The Bank of Greene County had 195 full-time employees and 22 part-time employees. Neither Greene County Bancorp, Inc. nor Greene County Commercial Bank has any employees who are not also
 employees of The Bank of Greene County. A collective bargaining group does not represent the employees, and The Bank of Greene County considers its relationship with its employees to be good.

Information

We make available free of charge through our website (www.tbogc.com) the following filings as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange
 Commission: our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

FEDERAL AND STATE TAXATION

Federal Taxation

General. Greene County Bancorp, Inc., The Bank of Greene County, and Greene County Commercial Bank are subject to federal income taxation in the same
 general manner as other corporations, with some exceptions discussed below. The following discussion of federal taxation is intended only to summarize certain pertinent federal income tax matters and is not a comprehensive description of the tax
 rules applicable to these entities.

Method of Accounting . For federal income tax purposes, Greene County Bancorp, Inc., The Bank of Greene County,
 and Greene County Commercial Bank currently report income and expenses on the accrual method of accounting and use a tax year ending June 30 for filing consolidated federal income tax returns.

Taxable Distributions and Recapture . At June 30, 2023, the Bank had an unrecaptured pre-1988 Federal bad debt
 reserve of approximately 1.8 million for which no Federal income tax provision has been made. A deferred tax liability has not been provided on this amount as management does not intend to redeem stock, make distributions or take other actions
 that would result in recapture of the reserve.

12 

Index 

Corporate Dividends-Received Deduction . Greene County Bancorp, MHC owns less than 80 of the outstanding common
 stock of Greene County Bancorp, Inc. Therefore, Greene County Bancorp, MHC is not permitted to join in the consolidated federal income tax return with Greene County Bancorp, Inc., The Bank of Greene County and Greene County Commercial Bank. 
 Consequently, Greene County Bancorp, MHC is only eligible for a 65 dividends-received deduction in respect of dividends from Greene County Bancorp, Inc.

State Taxation

Greene County Bancorp, MHC, Greene County Bancorp, Inc., The Bank of Greene County, Greene County Commercial Bank, and Greene Property Holdings, Ltd. report income on a combined fiscal year basis to New York State.
 The New York State franchise tax is imposed in an amount equal to the greater of 7.25 of Business Income, 0.1875 of average Business Capital or a fixed dollar amount based on New York sourced gross receipts. All intercompany dividend
 distributions are eliminated in the calculation of Combined Business Income.

REGULATION

General

The Company s two banking subsidiaries are The Bank of Greene County which is a federally chartered savings bank and Greene County Commercial Bank which is a New York-chartered bank. The Federal Deposit Insurance
 Corporation FDIC through the Deposit Insurance Fund DIF insures their deposit accounts up to applicable limits. The Bank of Greene County and Greene County Commercial Bank are subject to extensive regulation by the Office of the
 Comptroller of the Currency OCC and the New York State Department of Financial Services (the Department ), respectively, as their chartering agencies, and by the FDIC, as their deposit insurer. The Bank of Greene County and Greene County
 Commercial Bank are required to file reports with, and are periodically examined by the OCC and the Department, respectively, as well as the FDIC concerning their activities and financial condition, and must obtain regulatory approvals prior to
 entering into certain transactions, including, but not limited to, mergers with or acquisitions of other banking institutions. The Bank of Greene County is a member of the FHLB of New York and is subject to certain regulations by the Federal
 Home Loan Bank System. Both Greene County Bancorp, Inc. and Greene County Bancorp, MHC, as savings and loan holding companies, are subject to regulation and examination by the Federal Reserve Board FRB and are required to file reports with
 the FRB.

Any future laws or regulations, whether enacted by Congress or implemented by the FDIC, the OCC, the Department or the FRB, could have a material adverse impact on Greene County Bancorp, MHC, Greene County Bancorp,
 Inc., The Bank of Greene County, or Greene County Commercial Bank.

Certain of the regulatory requirements applicable to Greene County Bancorp, MHC, Greene County Bancorp, Inc., The Bank of Greene County and Greene County Commercial Bank are referred to below or elsewhere herein.

Federal Banking Regulation

Business Activities. A federal savings association derives its lending and investment powers from the Home Owners Loan Act, as amended, and federal
 regulations issued thereunder. Under these laws and regulations, The Bank of Greene County may invest in mortgage loans secured by residential real estate without limitations as a percentage of assets and non-residential real estate loans which
 may not in the aggregate exceed 400 of capital, commercial business loans up to 20 of assets in the aggregate and consumer loans up to 35 of assets in the aggregate, certain types of debt securities and certain other assets. The Bank of Greene
 County also may establish subsidiaries that may engage in activities not otherwise permissible for The Bank of Greene County, including real estate investment and securities and insurance brokerage.

Examinations and Assessments. The Bank of Greene County is primarily supervised by the OCC, and as such is
 required to file reports with and is subject to periodic examination by the OCC. The Bank of Greene County also is required to pay assessments to the OCC to fund the agency s operations.

Capital Requirements. Federal regulations require FDIC-insured depository institutions, including federal savings associations, to meet several minimum
 capital standards: a Common Equity Tier 1 capital to total risk-weighted assets ratio, a Tier 1 capital to total risk-weighted assets ratio, a total capital to total risk-weighted assets and a leverage ratio of Tier 1 capital to total
 consolidated assets.

13 

Index 

The capital standards require the maintenance of common equity Tier 1 capital, Tier 1 capital and Total capital to risk-weighted assets of at least 4.5 , 6 and 8 , respectively. The regulations also establish a
 minimum required leverage ratio of at least 4 Tier 1 capital. Common equity Tier 1 capital is generally defined as common stockholders equity and retained earnings. Tier 1 capital is generally defined as common equity Tier 1 and Additional
 Tier 1 capital. Additional Tier 1 capital generally includes certain noncumulative perpetual preferred stock and related surplus and minority interests in equity accounts of consolidated subsidiaries. Total capital includes Tier 1 capital
 (common equity Tier 1 capital plus Additional Tier 1 capital) and Tier 2 capital. Tier 2 capital is comprised of capital instruments and related surplus meeting specified requirements, and may include cumulative preferred stock and long-term
 perpetual preferred stock, mandatory convertible securities, intermediate preferred stock and subordinated debt. Also included in Tier 2 capital is the allowance for loan and lease losses limited to a maximum of 1.25 of risk-weighted assets
 and, for institutions that have exercised an opt-out election regarding the treatment of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income AOCI ), up to 45 of net unrealized gains on equity securities available-for-sale with readily determinable fair
 market values. Institutions that have not exercised the AOCI opt-out have AOCI incorporated into common equity Tier 1 capital (including unrealized gains and losses on securities available-for-sale). The Bank of Greene County and Greene County
 Commercial Bank have exercised this one-time opt-out and therefore do not include AOCI in their regulatory capital determinations. Calculation of all types of regulatory capital is subject to deductions and adjustments specified in the
 regulations. On April 9, 2020, the FRB, the OCC, and the FDIC issued an interim final rule IFR to allow banking organizations to exclude from regulatory capital measures any exposures pledged as collateral for a non-recourse loan from the
 FRB.

In determining the amount of risk-weighted assets for purposes of calculating risk-based capital ratios, an institution s assets, including certain off-balance sheet assets e.g. ,
 recourse obligations, direct credit substitutes, residual interests), are multiplied by a risk weight factor assigned by the regulations based on the risk deemed inherent in the type of asset. Higher levels of capital are required for asset
 categories believed to present greater risk. For example, a risk weight of 0 is assigned to cash and U.S. government securities, a risk weight of 50 is generally assigned to prudently underwritten first lien one-to four-family residential
 mortgages, a risk weight of 100 is assigned to commercial and consumer loans, a risk weight of 150 is assigned to certain past due loans and a risk weight of between 0 to 600 is assigned to permissible equity interests, depending on certain
 specified factors.

In addition to establishing the minimum regulatory capital requirements, the regulations limit capital distributions and certain discretionary bonus payments to management if the institution does not hold a
 capital conservation buffer consisting of 2.5 of common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets above the amount necessary to meet its minimum risk-based capital requirements.

Federal law requires the federal banking agencies, including the OCC, to establish for institutions with assets of less than 10 billion a community bank leverage ratio of between 8 to 10 . Institutions with
 capital complying with the ratio and otherwise meeting the specified requirements (including off-balance sheet exposures of 25 or less of total assets and trading assets and liabilities of 5 or less of total assets) and electing the alternative
 framework are considered to comply with the applicable regulatory capital requirements, including the risk-based requirements.

The community bank leverage ratio was established at 9 Tier 1 capital to total average assets, effective January 1, 2020. A qualifying institution may opt in and out of the community bank leverage ratio framework
 on its quarterly call report. An institution that temporarily ceases to meet any qualifying criteria is provided with a two-quarter grace period to again achieve compliance. Failure to meet the qualifying criteria within the grace period or
 maintain a leverage ratio of 8 or greater requires the institution to comply with the generally applicable capital requirements.

Although the Bank is a qualifying community bank organization, the Bank has elected not to opt into the community bank leverage ratio framework at this time and will continue to follow Basel
 capital requirements as described above.

Prompt Corrective Action . Under the federal Prompt Corrective Action statute, the OCC is required to take
 supervisory actions against undercapitalized institutions under its jurisdiction, the severity of which depends upon the institution s level of capital. An institution that has a total risk-based capital ratio of less than 8.0 , a Tier 1
 risk-based capital ratio of less than 6.0 , a common equity Tier 1 ratio of less than 4.5 or a leverage ratio of less than 4 is considered to be undercapitalized. A savings institution that has total risk-based capital of less than 6.0 , a
 Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 4.0 , a common equity Tier 1 ratio of less than 3.0 or a leverage ratio that is less than 3.0 is considered to be significantly undercapitalized. A savings institution that has a tangible capital
 to assets ratio equal to or less than 2.0 is deemed to be critically undercapitalized. 

Generally, the OCC is required to appoint a receiver or conservator for a federal savings association that becomes critically undercapitalized within specific time frames. The regulations also provide that a
 capital restoration plan must be filed with the OCC within 45 days of the date that a federal savings association is deemed to have received notice that it is undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized or critically undercapitalized. 
 Any holding company of a federal savings association that is required to submit a capital restoration plan must guarantee performance under the plan in an amount of up to the lesser of 5.0 of the savings association s assets at the time it was
 deemed to be undercapitalized by the OCC or the amount necessary to restore the savings association to adequately capitalized status. This guarantee remains in place until the OCC notifies the savings association that it has maintained
 adequately capitalized status for each of four consecutive calendar quarters. Institutions that are undercapitalized become subject to certain mandatory measures such as restrictions on capital
 distributions and asset growth. The OCC may also take any one of a number of discretionary supervisory actions against undercapitalized federal savings associations, including the issuance of a capital directive and the replacement of senior
 executive officers and directors.

14 

Index 

At June 30, 2023, The Bank of Greene County met the criteria for being considered well capitalized, which means that its total risk-based capital ratio exceeded 10 , its Tier 1 risk-based ratio exceeded 8.0 , its
 common equity Tier 1 ratio exceeded 6.5 and its leverage ratio exceeded 5.0 .

Loans-to-One Borrower. A federal savings association generally may not make a loan or extend credit to a single borrower in excess of 15 of unimpaired
 capital and surplus. An additional amount may be loaned, equal to 10 of unimpaired capital and surplus, if the loan is secured by readily marketable collateral, which generally does not include real estate. As of June 30, 2023, The Bank of
 Greene County was in compliance with the loans-to-one borrower limitations.

Qualified Thrift Lender Requirement. As a federal savings association, the Bank must satisfy the qualified thrift lender, or QTL , requirement by
 meeting one of two tests: the Home Owners Loan Act HOLA QTL test or the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) Domestic Building and Loan Association (DBLA) test. The federal savings association may use either test to qualify and may switch from
 one test to the other.

Under the HOLA QTL test, the Bank must maintain at least 65 of its portfolio assets in qualified thrift investments in at least nine of the most recent 12-month period. Portfolio assets generally means total
 assets of a savings institution, less the sum of specified liquid assets up to 20 of total assets, goodwill and other intangible assets, and the value of property used in the conduct of the savings association s business.

Qualified thrift investments include various types of loans made for residential and housing purposes, investments related to such purposes, including certain mortgage-backed and related securities, and loans for
 personal, family, household and certain other purposes up to a limit of 20 of portfolio assets. Qualified thrift investments also include 100 of an institution s credit card loans, education loans and small business loans. The Bank also may
 satisfy the QTL test by qualifying as a domestic building and loan association as defined in the Internal Revenue Code.

Under the IRS DBLA test, a savings association must meet the business operations test and the 60 of assets test. The business operations test requires that the federal savings association s business consists
 primarily of acquiring the savings of the public (75 of its deposits, withdrawable shares, and other obligations must be held by the general public) and investing in loans (more than 75 of its gross income consists of interest on loans and
 government obligations and various other specified types of operating income that federal savings associations ordinarily earn). For the 60 of assets test, a savings association must maintain at least 60 of its total in qualified investments 
 as of the close of the taxable year or, at the option of the taxpayer, may be computed on the basis of the average assets outstanding during the taxable year.

A savings association that fails the qualified thrift lender test must either convert to a bank charter or operate under specified restrictions. The Bank utilized the IRS DBLA test and satisfied the requirements of
 this test at and for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022.

Capital Distributions. Federal regulations govern capital distributions by a federal savings association, which include cash dividends, stock repurchases
 and other transactions charged to the capital account. A savings association must file an application for approval of a capital distribution if:

the total capital distributions for the applicable calendar year exceed the sum of the association s net income for that year to date plus the association s retained net income for the preceding two years;

the association would not be at least adequately capitalized following the distribution;

the distribution would violate any applicable statute, regulation, agreement or OCC-imposed condition; or

the association is not eligible for expedited treatment of its filings.

Even if an application is not otherwise required, every savings association that is a subsidiary of a holding company must still file a notice with the OCC at least 30 days before its board of directors declares a
 dividend or approves a capital distribution.

The OCC may disapprove a notice or application if:

the association would be undercapitalized following the distribution;

the proposed capital distribution raises safety and soundness concerns; or

the capital distribution would violate a prohibition contained in any statute, regulation or agreement.

In addition, the Federal Deposit Insurance Act provides that an insured depository institution shall not make any capital distribution, if after making such distribution the institution would be undercapitalized.

15 

Index 

Liquidity. A federal savings association is required to maintain a sufficient amount of liquid assets to ensure its safe and sound operation.

Discussion regarding liquidity is set forth in Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis, Liquidity and Capital Resources, of this Annual Report.

Community Reinvestment Act and Fair Lending Laws. All savings associations have a responsibility under the Community Reinvestment Act and related federal
 regulations to help meet the credit needs of their communities, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods. In connection with its examination of a federal savings association, the OCC is required to assess the association s record of
 compliance with the Community Reinvestment Act. In addition, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and the Fair Housing Act prohibit lenders from discriminating in their lending practices on the basis of characteristics specified in those statutes. An
 association s failure to comply with the provisions of the Community Reinvestment Act could, at a minimum, result in denial of certain corporate applications, such as branches or mergers, or in restrictions on its activities. The failure to
 comply with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and the Fair Housing Act could result in enforcement actions by the OCC, as well as other federal regulatory agencies and the Department of Justice. The Bank received a satisfactory Community
 Reinvestment Act rating in its most recent examination.

Privacy Standards. The Bank is subject to FDIC regulations regarding the privacy protection provisions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. These regulations
 require the Bank to disclose its privacy policy, including identifying with whom it shares non-public personal information to customers at the time of establishing the customer relationship and annually thereafter. The regulations also require
 the Bank to provide its customers with initial notices that accurately reflect its privacy policies and practices, to make its privacy policies available to customers through its website, and to provide its customers with the ability to opt-out 
 of having the Bank share their non-public personal information with unaffiliated third parties before it can disclose such information, subject to certain exceptions.

Cybersecurity. In additional to the provisions in the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act relating to data security (discussed below), the Company and its
 subsidiaries are subject to many federal and state laws, regulations and regulatory interpretations which impose standards and requirements related to cybersecurity. For example, federal regulatory statements regarding cybersecurity indicates
 that financial institutions should design multiple layers of security controls to establish lines of defense and to ensure that their risk management processes also address the risk posed by compromised customer credentials, including security
 measures to reliably authenticate customers accessing internet-based services of the financial institution. Additionally, the statements indicate that a financial institution s management is expected to maintain sufficient business continuity
 planning processes to ensure the rapid recovery, resumption and maintenance of the institution s operations after a cyber-attack involving destructive malware. A financial institution is also expected to develop appropriate processes to enable
 recovery of data and business operations and address rebuilding network capabilities and restoring data if the institution or its critical service providers fall victim to this type of cyber-attack. Financial institutions that fail to observe
 this regulatory guidance on cybersecurity may be subject to various regulatory sanctions, including financial penalties.

Anti-Money Laundering and OFAC. Under federal law, financial institutions must maintain anti-money laundering programs that include established internal
 policies, procedures, and controls. Financial institutions are also prohibited from entering into specified financial transactions and account relationships and must meet enhanced standards for due diligence and customer identification. Financial
 institutions must take reasonable steps to conduct enhanced scrutiny of account relationships to guard against money laundering and to report any suspicious transactions. Law enforcement authorities have been granted increased access to financial
 information maintained by financial institutions. Bank regulators routinely examine institutions for compliance with these obligations and they must consider an institution s compliance in connection with the regulatory review of applications,
 including applications for banking mergers and acquisitions. The U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control, or OFAC, is responsible for helping to insure that U.S. entities do not engage in transactions with certain
 prohibited parties, as defined by various Executive Orders and Acts of Congress. OFAC publishes lists of persons, organizations, and countries suspected of aiding, harboring or engaging in terrorist acts, known as Specially Designated Nationals
 and Blocked Persons. If the Bank finds a name on any transaction, account or wire transfer that is on an OFAC list, the Bank must freeze or block such account or transaction, file a suspicious activity report and notify the appropriate
 authorities. The U.S. Treasury Department s Financial Crises Enforcement Network FinCEN rules include customer due diligence requirements for banks, including a requirement to identify and verify the identity of beneficial owners of
 customers that are legal entities, subject to certain exclusions and exemptions.

Transactions with Related Parties. A federal savings association s authority to engage in transactions with its affiliates is limited by OCC
 regulations and by Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act (the FRA ). The term affiliates for these purposes generally means any company that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with an institution. Greene County
 Bancorp, Inc. is an affiliate of The Bank of Greene County. In general, transactions with affiliates must be on terms that are as favorable to the association as comparable transactions with non-affiliates. In addition, certain types of these
 transactions are restricted to an aggregate percentage of the association s capital. Collateral in specified amounts must usually be provided by affiliates in order to receive loans from the association. In addition, OCC regulations prohibit a
 savings association from lending to any of its affiliates that are engaged in activities that are not permissible for bank holding companies and from purchasing the securities of any affiliate, other than a subsidiary.

16 

Index 

The Bank s authority to extend credit to its directors, executive officers and 10 shareholders, as well as to entities controlled by such persons, is currently governed by the requirements of Sections 22(g) and
 22(h) of the FRA and Regulation O of the Federal Reserve Board. Among other things, these provisions require that extensions of credit to insiders (i) be made on terms that are substantially the same as, and follow credit underwriting
 procedures that are not less stringent than, those prevailing for comparable transactions with unaffiliated persons and that do not involve more than the normal risk of repayment or present other unfavorable features, and (ii) not exceed
 certain limitations on the amount of credit extended to such persons, individually and in the aggregate, which limits are based, in part, on the amount of the Bank s capital. In addition, extensions of credit in excess of certain limits must be
 approved by the Bank s Board of Directors.

Enforcement. The OCC has primary enforcement responsibility over federal savings associations and has the authority to bring enforcement action against
 all institution-affiliated parties, including stockholders, and attorneys, appraisers and accountants who knowingly or recklessly participate in wrongful action likely to have an adverse effect on an insured institution. Formal enforcement
 action by the OCC may range from the issuance of a capital directive or cease and desist order, to removal of officers and/or directors of the institution and the appointment of a receiver or conservator. Civil penalties cover a wide range of
 violations and actions, and range up to 25,000 per day, unless a finding of reckless disregard is made, in which case penalties may be as high as 1 million per day. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation also has the authority to terminate
 deposit insurance or to recommend to the Comptroller of the OCC that enforcement action be taken with respect to a particular savings institution. If action is not taken by the Director, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation has authority to
 take action under specified circumstances.

Standards for Safety and Soundness. Federal law requires each federal banking agency to prescribe certain standards for all insured depository
 institutions. These standards relate to, among other things, internal controls, information systems and audit systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest rate risk exposure, asset growth, compensation, and other operational and
 managerial standards as the agency deems appropriate. The federal banking agencies adopted Interagency Guidelines Prescribing Standards for Safety and Soundness to implement the safety and soundness standards required under federal law. The
 guidelines set forth the safety and soundness standards that the federal banking agencies use to identify and address problems at insured depository institutions before capital becomes impaired. The guidelines address internal controls and
 information systems, internal audit systems, credit underwriting, loan documentation, interest rate risk exposure, asset growth, compensation, fees and benefits. If the appropriate federal banking agency determines that an institution fails to
 meet any standard prescribed by the guidelines, the agency may require the institution to submit to the agency an acceptable plan to achieve compliance with the standard. If an institution fails to meet these standards, the appropriate federal
 banking agency may require the institution to submit a compliance plan.

Insurance of Deposit Accounts. The Deposit Insurance Fund of the FDIC insures deposits at FDIC-insured financial institutions such as the Bank,
 generally up to a maximum of 250,000 per separately insured depositor. The FDIC charges insured depository institutions premiums to maintain the Deposit Insurance Fund.

Under the FDIC s risk-based assessment system, institutions deemed less risky of failure pay lower assessments. Assessments for institutions of less than 10 billion of assets are based on financial measures and
 supervisory ratings derived from statistical modeling estimating the probability of an institution s failure within three years.

The FDIC has authority to increase insurance assessments. Any significant increases would have an adverse effect on the operating expenses and results of operations of the Bank. We cannot predict what assessment
 rates will be in the future.

Insurance of deposits may be terminated by the FDIC upon a finding that an institution has engaged in unsafe or unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations, or has violated any
 applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by the FDIC. We do not know of any practice, condition or violation that may lead to termination of our deposit insurance

National Bank Powers Election. Effective July 1, 2019, the OCC issued a final rule, pursuant to the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer
 Protection Act, that permits an eligible federal savings bank with total consolidated assets of 20 billion or less as of December 31, 2017, to elect to operate with national bank powers without converting to a national bank charter. The effect
 of the so-called covered savings association election is that a federal savings association generally has the same rights and privileges, including commercial lending authority, as a national bank that has its main office in the same location
 as the home office of the covered savings association. The covered savings association is also subject to the same duties, liabilities and limitations applicable to a national bank, some of which are more restrictive than those applicable to
 federal savings banks. A covered savings association retains its federal savings association charter and continues to be subject to the corporate governance laws and regulations applicable to such associations, including as to its bylaws, board
 of directors and shareholders, capital distributions and mergers. The Bank has not made such an election.

Prohibitions Against Tying Arrangements . Federal savings associations are prohibited, subject to some exceptions,
 from extending credit to or offering any other service, or fixing or varying the consideration for such extension of credit or service, on the condition that the customer obtain some additional service from the institution or its affiliates or
 not obtain services of a competitor of the institution.

17 

Index 

Federal Home Loan Bank System. The Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank System, which consists of 11 regional Federal Home Loan Banks. The
 Federal Home Loan Bank System provides a central credit facility primarily for member institutions. As a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York, the Bank is required to acquire and hold shares of capital stock in the Federal Home Loan
 Bank in an amount at least equal to 1 of the aggregate principal amount of its unpaid residential mortgage loans and similar obligations at the beginning of each year, or 1/20 of its borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank, whichever is
 greater. As of June 30, 2023, the Bank was in compliance with this requirement.

Federal Reserve System . The Federal Reserve Board regulations require savings associations to maintain
 noninterest-earning reserves against their transaction accounts, such as negotiable order of withdrawal and regular checking accounts. In April 2020, due to a change in its approach to monetary policy, the Board of Governors of the Federal
 Reserve System announced an interim rule to amend Regulation D requirements and reduce reserve requirement ratios to zero. The Federal Reserve Board has indicated that it has no plans to re-impose reserve requirements, but may do so in the future
 if conditions warrant. At June 30, 2023, the Bank was in compliance with these reserve requirements.

Other Regulations

Interest and other charges collected or contracted for by the Bank are subject to state usury laws and federal laws concerning interest rates. The Bank s operations are also subject to federal laws applicable to
 credit transactions, such as the:

Truth-In-Lending Act, governing disclosures of credit terms to consumer borrowers;

Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, requiring financial institutions to provide information to enable the public and public officials to determine whether a financial institution is fulfilling its obligation to help meet the housing needs of
 the community it serves;

Equal Credit Opportunity Act, prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, creed or other prohibited factors in extending credit;

Fair Credit Reporting Act, governing the use and provision of information to credit reporting agencies;

Fair Debt Collection Act, governing the manner in which consumer debts may be collected by collection agencies;

Truth in Savings Act; and

rules and regulations of the various federal agencies charged with the responsibility of implementing such federal laws.

The operations of the Bank also are subject to the:

Right to Financial Privacy Act, which imposes a duty to maintain confidentiality of consumer financial records and prescribes procedures for complying with administrative subpoenas of financial records;

Electronic Funds Transfer Act and Regulation E promulgated thereunder, which govern automatic deposits to and withdrawals from deposit accounts and customers rights and liabilities arising from the use of automated teller machines and
 other electronic banking services;

Check Clearing for the 21 st Century Act (also known as Check 21 ), which gives substitute checks, such as
 digital check images and copies made from that image, the same legal standing as the original paper check; 

The USA PATRIOT Act, which requires financial institutions to, among other things, establish broadened anti-money laundering compliance programs, and due diligence policies and controls to ensure the detection and reporting of money
 laundering. Such required compliance programs are intended to supplement existing compliance requirements that also apply to financial institutions under the Bank Secrecy Act and the Office of Foreign Assets Control regulations; and

The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, which places limitations on the sharing of consumer financial information by financial institutions with unaffiliated third parties. Specifically, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act requires all financial
 institutions offering financial products or services to retail customers to provide such customers with the financial institution s privacy policy and provide such customers the opportunity to opt out of the sharing of certain personal
 financial information with unaffiliated third parties.

Holding Company Regulation

General . Greene County Bancorp, MHC and Greene County Bancorp, Inc. are non-diversified savings and loan holding
 companies within the meaning of the Home Owners Loan Act. As such, Greene County Bancorp, MHC and Greene County Bancorp, Inc. are registered with the FRB and are subject to FRB regulations, supervision and reporting requirements. In addition,
 the FRB has enforcement authority over Greene County Bancorp, Inc. s and Greene County Bancorp, MHC s non-bank subsidiaries. Among other things, this authority permits the FRB to restrict or prohibit activities that are determined to be a serious
 risk to the subsidiary savings institution. As federal corporations, Greene County Bancorp, Inc. and Greene County Bancorp, MHC are generally not subject to state business organization laws.

18 

Index 

Permitted Activities . Pursuant to Section 10(o) of the Home Owners Loan Act and federal regulations and policy,
 a mutual holding company and a federally chartered mid-tier holding company such as Greene County Bancorp, Inc. may engage in the following activities: (i) investing in the stock of a savings association; (ii) acquiring a mutual association
 through the merger of such association into a savings association subsidiary of such holding company or an interim savings association subsidiary of such holding company; (iii) merging with or acquiring another holding company, one of whose
 subsidiaries is a savings association; (iv) investing in a corporation, the capital stock of which is available for purchase by a savings association under federal law or under the law of any state where the subsidiary savings association or
 associations share their home offices; (v) furnishing or performing management services for a savings association subsidiary of such company; (vi) holding, managing or liquidating assets owned or acquired from a savings subsidiary of such
 company; (vii) holding or managing properties used or occupied by a savings association subsidiary of such company; (viii) acting as trustee under deeds of trust; (ix) any other activity (A) that the Federal Reserve Board, by regulation, has
 determined to be permissible for bank holding companies under Section 4(c) of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, unless the Director of the Federal Reserve Board, by regulation, prohibits or limits any such activity for savings and loan
 holding companies; or (B) in which multiple savings and loan holding companies were authorized (by regulation) to directly engage on March 5, 1987; (x) any activity permissible for financial holding companies under Section 4(k) of the Bank
 Holding Company Act, including securities and insurance underwriting; and (xi) purchasing, holding, or disposing of stock acquired in connection with a qualified stock issuance if the purchase of such stock by such savings and loan holding
 company is approved by the Director. If a mutual holding company acquires or merges with another holding company, the holding company acquired or the holding company resulting from such merger or acquisition may only invest in assets and engage
 in activities listed in (i) through (xi) above, and has a period of two years to cease any nonconforming activities and divest any nonconforming investments.

The Home Owners Loan Act prohibits a savings and loan holding company, including Greene County Bancorp, Inc. and Greene County Bancorp, MHC, directly or indirectly, or through one or more subsidiaries, from
 acquiring more than 5 of another savings institution or holding company thereof, without prior written approval of the FRB. It also prohibits the acquisition or retention of, with certain exceptions, more than 5 of a non-subsidiary company
 engaged in activities other than those permitted by the Home Owners Loan Act, or acquiring or retaining control of an institution that is not federally insured. In evaluating applications by holding companies to acquire savings institutions, the
 FRB must consider the financial and managerial resources, future prospects of the company and institution involved, the effect of the acquisition on the risk to the federal deposit insurance fund, the convenience and needs of the community and
 competitive factors.

The FRB is prohibited from approving any acquisition that would result in a multiple savings and loan holding company controlling savings institutions in more than one state, subject to two exceptions: (i) the
 approval of interstate supervisory acquisitions by savings and loan holding companies; and (ii) the acquisition of a savings institution in another state if the laws of the state of the target savings institution specifically permit such
 acquisitions. The states vary in the extent to which they permit interstate savings and loan holding company acquisitions.

Capital. The Dodd-Frank Act required the FRB to establish minimum consolidated capital requirements for all depository institution holding companies that
 are as stringent as those required for the insured depository subsidiaries. However, savings and loan holding companies with under 3 billion in consolidated assets remain exempt from consolidated regulatory capital requirements, unless the FRB
 determines otherwise in particular cases.

Dividends. The FRB has issued a policy statement regarding the payment of dividends by bank holding companies that applies to savings and loan holding
 companies as well. In general, the FRB s policies provide that dividends should be paid only out of current earnings and only if the prospective rate of earnings retention by the holding company appears consistent with the organization s capital
 needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. FRB guidance provides for prior regulatory review of capital distributions in certain circumstances such as where the company s net income for the past four quarters, net of dividends
 previously paid over that period, is insufficient to fully fund the dividend or the company s overall rate of earnings retention is inconsistent with the company s capital needs and overall financial condition. The ability of a holding company
 to pay dividends may be restricted if a subsidiary bank becomes undercapitalized. These regulatory policies could affect the ability of Greene County Bancorp, Inc. to pay dividends or otherwise engage in capital distributions.

Source of Strength. The Dodd-Frank Act extended the source of strength doctrine to savings and loan holding companies. The regulatory agencies must
 issue regulations requiring that all bank and savings and loan holding companies serve as a source of strength to their subsidiary depository institutions by providing capital, liquidity and other support in times of financial stress.

19 

Index 

Waivers of Dividends by Greene County Bancorp, MHC . Federal regulations require Greene County Bancorp, MHC to
 notify the FRB of any proposed waiver of its receipt of dividends from Greene County Bancorp, Inc. The Office of Thrift Supervision, the previous regulator for Greene County Bancorp, MHC, allowed dividend waivers where the mutual holding
 company s board of directors determined that the waiver was consistent with its fiduciary duties and the waiver would not be detrimental to the safety and soundness of the institution. The FRB has issued an interim final rule providing that,
 pursuant to a Dodd-Frank Act grandfathering provision, it may not object to dividend waivers under similar circumstances, but adding the requirement that a majority of the mutual holding company s members eligible to vote have approved a waiver
 of dividends by the company within 12 months prior to the declaration of the dividend being waived. The MHC received the approval of its members (depositors of The Bank of Greene County) and the non-objection of the Federal Reserve Bank of
 Philadelphia, to waive the MHC s receipt of quarterly cash dividends aggregating up to 0.30 per share to be declared by the Company for the four quarters ending March 31, 2023. The waiver of dividends beyond this period are subject to the MHC
 obtaining approval of its members at a special meeting of members and receive the non-objection of the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia for such dividend waivers for the four quarters subsequent to the approval. Therefore, its ability to
 waive its right to receive dividends beyond this date cannot be reasonably determined at this time.

Conversion of Greene County Bancorp, MHC to Stock Form . Federal regulations permit Greene County Bancorp, MHC to
 convert from the mutual form of organization to the capital stock form of organization (a Conversion Transaction ). There can be no assurance when, if ever, a Conversion Transaction will occur, and the Board of Directors has no current intention
 or plan to undertake a Conversion Transaction. In a Conversion Transaction a new stock holding company would be formed as the successor to Greene County Bancorp, Inc. (the New Holding Company ), Greene County Bancorp, MHC s corporate existence
 would end, and certain depositors of The Bank of Greene County would receive the right to subscribe for additional shares of the New Holding Company. In a Conversion Transaction, each share of common stock held by stockholders other than Greene
 County Bancorp, MHC Minority Stockholders would be automatically converted into a number of shares of common stock of the New Holding Company determined pursuant to an exchange ratio that ensures that Minority Stockholders own the same
 percentage of common stock in the New Holding Company as they owned in Greene County Bancorp, Inc. immediately prior to the Conversion Transaction. Under a provision of the Dodd-Frank Act applicable to Greene County Bancorp, MHC, Minority
 Stockholders would not be diluted because of any dividends waived by Greene County Bancorp, MHC (and waived dividends would not be considered in determining an appropriate exchange ratio), in the event Greene County Bancorp, MHC converts to stock
 form.

Commercial Bank Regulation

Our commercial bank subsidiary, Greene County Commercial Bank, derives its authority primarily from the applicable provisions of the New York Banking Law and the regulations adopted under that law. The Commercial
 Bank is limited in its investments and the activities that it may engage in to those permissible under applicable state law and those permissible for national banks and their subsidiaries, unless those investments and activities are specifically
 permitted by the Federal Deposit Insurance Act or the FDIC determines that the activity or investment would pose no significant risk to the deposit insurance fund. We limit our commercial bank activities to accepting municipal deposits and
 acquiring municipal and other securities.

Under New York Banking Law, our commercial bank is not permitted to declare, credit or pay any dividends if its capital stock is impaired or would be impaired as a result of the dividend. In addition, the New York
 Banking Law provides that our commercial bank cannot declare or pay dividends in any calendar year in excess of net profits for such year combined with retained net profits of the two preceding years, less any required transfer to surplus or
 a fund for the retirement of preferred stock, without prior regulatory approval.

Our commercial bank is subject to minimum capital requirements imposed by the FDIC that are substantially similar to the capital requirements imposed on The Bank of Greene County, discussed above. Capital
 requirements higher than the generally applicable minimum requirements may be established for a particular bank if the FDIC determines that a bank s capital is, or may become, inadequate in view of the bank s particular circumstances. Failure to
 meet capital guidelines could subject a bank to a variety of enforcement actions, including actions under the FDIC s prompt corrective action regulations.

At June 30, 2023, the Commercial Bank met the criteria for being considered well-capitalized. 

Federal Securities Laws

Greene County Bancorp, Inc. common stock is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Greene County Bancorp, Inc. is subject to the information, proxy
 solicitation, insider trading restrictions and other requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

Greene County Bancorp, Inc. common stock held by persons who are affiliates (generally officers, directors and principal shareholders) of Greene County Bancorp, Inc. may not be resold without registration or unless
 sold in accordance with certain resale restrictions. If Greene County Bancorp, Inc. meets specified current public information requirements, each affiliate of Greene County Bancorp, Inc. is able to sell in the public market, without registration,
 a limited number of shares in any three-month period.

20 

Index 

Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 is intended to improve corporate responsibility, to provide for enhanced penalties for accounting and auditing improprieties at publicly traded companies and to protect investors by
 improving the accuracy and reliability of corporate disclosures pursuant to the securities laws. We have policies, procedures and systems designed to comply with these regulations, and we review and document such policies, procedures and systems
 to ensure continued compliance with these regulations.

Reports to Security Holders

Greene County Bancorp, Inc. files annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K, respectively. Greene County Bancorp, Inc. also files proxy materials with the SEC.

The public may read and copy any materials filed by Greene County Bancorp, Inc. with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information on
 the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. Greene County Bancorp, Inc. is an electronic filer. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information
 regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The address of the site is https://www.sec.gov .

The Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act and Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021

In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act CARES Act was signed into law on March 27, 2020 to provide national emergency economic relief measures. On December
 27, 2020, the Consolidated Appropriations Act (CCA) was signed into law to extend the life of the Paycheck Protection Program. Many of the CARES Act s programs are dependent upon the direct involvement of the Company and have been implemented
 through rules adopted by federal departments and agencies. The federal regulatory authorities continue to issue guidance with respect to the implementation and eligibility requirements for the various CARES Act programs. Congress may enact
 additional or amend already issued COVID-19 legislation. The Company continues to assess the impact of these regulations and supervisory guidance related to the pandemic.

The CARES Act, as amended by Section 541 of the CCA provided over 2 trillion to combat the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and stimulate the economy, allowing financial institutions
 to suspend the application of GAAP to any loan modification related to COVID-19 from treatment as a troubled debt restructuring TDR for the period between March 1, 2020 and January 1, 2022. Federal bank regulatory authorities
 also issued guidance to encourage banks to make loan modifications for borrowers affected by COVID-19. It temporarily reduced the Community Bank Leverage Ratio (the CBLR to 8 , and established a two quarter
 grace period for a qualifying community bank whose leverage ratio falls below the 8 requirement. There was another rule issued to transition back to the 9 community bank leverage ratio by increasing the ratio to 8.5 for calendar year 2021
 and to 9 thereafter. 

The Paycheck Protection Program

The Company participated in the Small Business Administration s Paycheck Protection Program PPP ), to fund loans to eligible small business through the Small Business Administration SBA ). The program ended on
 May 31, 2021. The SBA guaranteed 100 of the PPP loans made to eligible borrowers, were eligible for forgiveness if certain conditions were met. There were no collateral or personal guarantees required by the
 program and no fees were charge by the Government or lenders. As a participating lender in the PPP, the Bank continues to monitor legislative, regulatory, and supervisory developments related thereto. 

ITEM 1A. 

Risk Factors 

Not applicable to smaller reporting companies.

ITEM 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments 

None.

ITEM 2. 

Properties 

Greene County Bancorp, Inc. and The Bank of Greene County maintain their executive offices at the Administration Center, 302 Main Street, Catskill, New York. The Bank of Greene County also has an operations
 center, customer call center and a lending center located in Catskill, New York. At June 30, 2023, The Bank of Greene County conducted its business through 18 full-service banking offices. The Company owns nine branch offices and lease nine
 branch offices located within Greene, Columbia, Albany, Ulster and Rensselaer Counties of New York State. Greene County Commercial Bank conducts its business through the branch offices of The Bank of Greene County. In the opinion of management,
 the physical properties of our holding company and our various subsidiaries are suitable and adequate. For more information on our properties, see Notes 1, 5 and 14 set forth in Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of
 this Annual Report.

21 

Index 

ITEM 3. 

Legal Proceedings 

Except as noted below, the Company, including its subsidiaries, are not currently the subject of any material pending legal proceedings, other than ordinary routine litigation occurring in the normal course of
 their business. On an ongoing basis, the Company is often the subject of, or a party to, various legal claims by other parties against the Company, by the Company against other parties, or involving the Company, which arise in the normal course
 of business. Except as noted below, the various pending legal claims against the Company will not, in the opinion of management based upon consultation with counsel, result in any material liability. See Note 13 Commitments and Contingent
 Liabilities to the Notes to the audited financial statements for a description of a current lawsuit in which the Company has been named a party.

ITEM 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable.

PART II 

ITEM 5. 

Market for Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Greene County Bancorp, Inc. s (the Company s) common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol GCBC . As of September 7, 2023 the Company had 435 stockholders of record (excluding the number of
 persons or entities holding stock in street name through various brokerage firms) and 17,026,828 shares outstanding. As of such date, Greene County Bancorp, MHC (the MHC ), the Company s mutual holding company, held 9,218,528 shares of common
 stock, or 54.1 of total shares outstanding. Consequently, shareholders other than the MHC held 7,808,300 shares.

Payment of dividends on the Company s common stock is subject to determination and declaration by the Board of Directors and depends upon a number of factors, including capital requirements, regulatory limitations
 on the payment of dividends, the Company s results of operations, financial condition, tax considerations and general economic conditions. No assurance can be given that dividends will be declared or, if declared, what the amount of dividends
 will be, or whether such dividends, once declared, will continue. The Federal Reserve Board has adopted interim final regulations that impose significant conditions and restrictions on the ability of mutual holding companies to waive the receipt
 of dividends from their subsidiaries. The MHC received the approval of its members (depositors of The Bank of Greene County) and the non-objection of the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia, to waive the MHC s receipt of quarterly cash dividends
 aggregating up to 0.30 per share to be declared by the Company for the four quarters ending March 31, 2023. The waiver of dividends beyond this period are subject to the MHC obtaining approval of its members at a special meeting of members and
 receive the non-objection of the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia for such dividend waivers for the four quarters subsequent to the approval. Therefore, its ability to waive its right to receive dividends beyond this date cannot be reasonably
 determined at this time.

On March 23, 2023, the Company effected a 2-for-1 stock split in the form of a stock dividend on its outstanding shares of common stock. All share and per share data throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K have
 been retroactively adjusted to reflect the stock split.

On September 17, 2019, the Board of Directors of the Company adopted a stock repurchase program. Under the repurchase program, the Company is authorized to repurchase up to 400,000 shares of its common stock. 
 Repurchases will be made at management s discretion at prices management considers to be attractive and in the best interests of both the Company and its stockholders, subject to the availability of stock, general market conditions, the trading
 price of the stock, alternative uses for capital, and the Company s financial performance. At June 30, 2023, the Company had repurchased 48,800 shares. There were no repurchases during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023.

ITEM 6. 

[Reserved]

22 

Index 

ITEM 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion is an analysis of the Company s results of operations for years shown and was derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of Greene County Bancorp, Inc. This discussion and
 analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes.

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This annual report contains forward-looking statements. Greene County Bancorp, Inc. desires to take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and is
 including this statement for the express purpose of availing itself of the protections of the safe harbor with respect to all such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements, which are included in this annual report, describe
 future plans or strategies and include Greene County Bancorp, Inc. s expectations of future financial results. The words believe, expect, anticipate, project, and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. Greene County
 Bancorp, Inc. s ability to predict results or the effect of future plans or strategies or qualitative or quantitative changes based on market risk exposure is inherently uncertain. Factors that could affect actual results include but are not
 limited to:

(a) 

changes in general market interest rates,

(b) 

general economic conditions,

(c) 

economic or policy changes related to the COVID-19 pandemic,

(d) 

continued period of high inflation could adversely impact customers,

(e) 

legislative and regulatory changes,

(f) 

monetary and fiscal policies of the U.S. Treasury and the Federal Reserve,

(g) 

changes in the quality or composition of Greene County Bancorp, Inc. s loan and investment portfolios,

(h) 

deposit flows,

(i) 

competition, and

(j) 

demand for financial services in Greene County Bancorp, Inc. s market area.

These factors should be considered in evaluating the forward-looking statements, and undue reliance should not be placed on such statements, since results in future periods may differ materially from those
 currently expected because of various risks and uncertainties.

23 

Index 

Selected Financial Data 

At or for the year ended June 30,

(Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)

2023

2022

2021

SELECTED FINANCIAL CONDITION DATA:

Total assets

2,698,283

2,571,740

2,200,335

Loans receivable, net

1,387,654

1,229,355

1,085,947

Securities available-for-sale

281,133

408,062

390,890

Securities held-to-maturity

726,363

761,852

496,914

Equity securities

306

273

307

Deposits

2,437,161

2,212,604

2,005,108

Borrowings

-

123,700

3,000

Shareholders equity

183,283

157,714

149,584

AVERAGE BALANCES:

Total assets

2,580,849

2,366,070

1,931,589

Interest-earning assets

2,495,653

2,291,448

1,892,650

Loans receivable, net

1,349,538

1,123,201

1,042,280

Securities

1,086,294

1,066,189

751,690

Deposits

2,302,167

2,134,584

1,750,733

Borrowings

82,816

51,193

22,386

Shareholders equity

169,837

156,098

137,511

SELECTED OPERATIONS DATA:

Total interest income

84,625

63,444

58,328

Total interest expense

23,407

5,439

5,183

Net interest income

61,218

58,005

53,145

Provision (benefit) for loan losses

(1,071

3,278

3,974

Net interest income after provision for loan losses

62,289

54,727

49,171

Total noninterest income

12,146

12,137

9,667

Total noninterest expense

38,608

33,959

31,223

Income before provision for income taxes

35,827

32,905

27,615

Provision for income taxes

5,042

4,919

3,673

Net income

30,785

27,986

23,942

FINANCIAL RATIOS:

Return on average assets 1 

1.19

1.18

1.24

Return on average shareholders equity 2 

18.13

17.93

17.41

Noninterest expenses to average total assets

1.50

1.44

1.62

Average interest-earning assets to average interest-bearing liabilities

112.73

114.57

117.01

Net interest rate spread 3 

2.33

2.50

2.76

Net interest margin 4 

2.45

2.53

2.81

Efficiency ratio 5 

52.63

48.41

49.71

Shareholders equity to total assets, at end of period

6.79

6.13

6.80

Average shareholders equity to average assets

6.58

6.60

7.12

Dividend payout ratio 6 

15.47

15.85

17.02

Actual dividends declared to net income 7 

7.12

9.41

10.15

Nonperforming assets to total assets, at end of period

0.21

0.25

0.11

Nonperforming loans to net loans, at end of period

0.39

0.51

0.21

Allowance for loan losses to nonperforming loans

388.64

360.31

854.76

Allowance for loan losses to total loans receivable

1.51

1.82

1.77

Book value per share 8 

10.76

9.26

8.79

Basic earnings per share

1.81

1.64

1.41

Diluted earnings per share

1.81

1.64

1.41

OTHER DATA:

Closing market price of common stock

29.80

22.65

14.06

Number of full-service offices

18

17

17

Number of full-time equivalent employees

206

198

186

1 

Ratio of net income to average total assets.

2 

Ratio of net income to average shareholders equity.

3 

The difference between the weighted average yield on interest-earning assets and the weighted average cost of interest-bearing liabilities.

4 

Net interest income as a percentage of average interest-earning assets.

5 

Noninterest expense divided by the sum of net interest income and noninterest income.

6 

Dividends per share divided by basic earnings per share. This calculation does not take into account the waiver of dividends by Greene County Bancorp, MHC.

7 

Dividends declared divided by net income.

8 

Shareholders equity divided by outstanding shares.

24 

Index 

GENERAL

Greene County Bancorp, Inc. (the Company is the holding company for The Bank of Greene County (the Bank ), a community-based bank offering a variety of financial services to meet the needs of the communities it
 serves. Greene County Bancorp, Inc. s stock is traded on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol GCBC. Greene County Bancorp, MHC is a mutual holding company that owns 54.1 of the Company s outstanding common stock. The Bank of Greene
 County is a federally chartered savings bank. The Bank of Greene County s principal business is attracting deposits from customers within its market area and investing those funds primarily in loans, with excess funds used to invest in
 securities. At June 30, 2023, The Bank of Greene County operated 18 full-service branches, an administration office, a customer call center, a lending center, and an operations center in New York s Hudson Valley Region. In June 2004, Greene
 County Commercial Bank Commercial Bank was opened for the limited purpose of providing financial services to local municipalities. The Commercial Bank is a subsidiary of The Bank of Greene County, and is a New York State-chartered commercial
 bank. In June 2011, Greene Property Holdings, Ltd. was formed as a New York corporation that has elected under the Internal Revenue Code to be a real estate investment trust. Greene Properties Holding, Ltd. is a subsidiary of The Bank of Greene
 County. Certain mortgages and notes held by The Bank of Greene County were transferred to and are beneficially owned by Greene Property Holdings, Ltd. The Bank of Greene County continues to service these loans.

Overview of the Company s Activities and Risks

The Company s results of operations depend primarily on its net interest income, which is the difference between the income earned on the Company s loan and securities portfolios and its cost of funds, consisting
 of the interest paid on deposits and borrowings. Results of operations are also affected by the Company s provision for loan losses, noninterest income and noninterest expense. Noninterest income consists primarily of fees and service charges. 
 The Company s noninterest expense consists principally of compensation and employee benefits, occupancy, equipment and data processing, and other operating expenses. Results of operations are also significantly affected by general economic and
 competitive conditions, changes in interest rates, as well as government policies and actions of regulatory authorities. Additionally, future changes in applicable law, regulations or government policies may materially affect the Company.

Critical Accounting Policies

The Company s critical accounting policies relate to the allowance for loan losses. The allowance for loan losses is based on management s estimation of an amount that is intended to absorb losses in the existing
 portfolio. The allowance for loan losses is established through a provision for loan losses based on management s evaluation of the risk inherent in the loan portfolio, the composition of the portfolio, specific impaired loans and current
 economic conditions. Such evaluation, which includes a review of all loans for which full collectability may not be reasonably assured, considers among other matters, the estimated net realizable value or the fair value of the underlying
 collateral, economic conditions, historical loan loss experience, management s estimate of probable credit losses and other factors that warrant recognition in providing for the allowance of loan losses. However, this evaluation involves a high
 degree of complexity and requires management to make subjective judgments that often require assumptions or estimates about highly uncertain matters. This critical accounting policy and its application are periodically reviewed with the Audit
 Committee and the Board of Directors.

On July 1, 2023, the Company adopted Accounting Standards Update 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments CECL ). The models and
 methodologies are finalized with review controls and processes being finalized. The day-one impact of adopting CECL is not expected to be material to the Company s total capital, however it is expected to create volatility in the level of the
 allowance for credit loss from quarter to quarter, as changes will be dependent upon macroeconomic forecasts and conditions, loan portfolio volumes, credit quality and key modeling assumptions.

Management of Credit Risk

Management considers credit risk to be an important risk factor affecting the financial condition and operating results of the Company. The potential for loss associated with this risk factor is managed through a
 combination of policies approved by the Company s Board of Directors, the monitoring of compliance with these policies, and the periodic reporting and evaluation of loans with problem characteristics. Policies relate to the maximum amount that
 can be granted to a single borrower and such borrower s related interests, the aggregate amount of loans outstanding by type in relation to total assets and capital, loan concentrations, loan-to-collateral value ratios, approval limits and other
 underwriting criteria. Policies also exist with respect to the rating of loans, determination of when loans should be placed on a nonperforming status and the factors to be considered in establishing the Company s allowance for loan losses. 
 Management also considers credit risk when evaluating potential and current holdings of securities. Credit risk is a critical component in evaluating corporate debt securities. The Company has purchased municipal securities as part of its
 strategy based on the fact that such securities can offer a higher tax-equivalent yield than other similar investments.

25 

Index 

FINANCIAL OVERVIEW

Net income for the year ended June 30, 2023 amounted to 30.8 million, or 1.81 per basic and diluted share, as compared to 28.0 million, or 1.64 per basic and diluted share, for the year ended June 30, 2022, an
 increase of 2.8 million, or 10.0 . The increase in net income was primarily the result of increases of 3.2 million in net interest income and a decrease of 4.3 million in provision for loan losses partially offset by an increase of 4.6
 million in noninterest expense. The provision for income taxes and noninterest income remained the same when comparing year end June 30, 2023 and 2022. As can be seen in the Rate / Volume Analysis, the increase in net interest income resulted
 from interest-earning assets growing faster than interest-earning liabilities, offset by the increase in interest rates paid on liabilities outpacing the interest rates earned on assets, when comparing the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 
 Growth in interest-earning assets was within both investment securities and loans. Growth in loans was primarily in commercial real estate mortgages, commercial constructions loans and residential mortgages.

Net interest rate spread and margin both decreased when comparing the year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. Net interest rate spread decreased 17 basis points to 2.33 for the year ended June 30, 2023 compared to
 2.50 for the year ended June 30, 2022. Net interest margin decreased 8 basis points to 2.45 for the year ended June 30, 2023 compared to 2.53 for the year ended June 30, 2022. The decrease during the year ended June 30, 2023 was due to the
 higher interest rate environment, as the rates paid for deposits repriced faster than rates earned on loans and investments.

Total assets grew 126.5 million, or 4.9 , to 2.7 billion at June 30, 2023 as compared to 2.6 billion at June 30, 2022. Net loans increased 158.3 million, or 12.9 , to 1.4 billion at June 30, 2023 as compared
 to 1.2 billion at June 30, 2022. Securities classified as available-for-sale and held-to-maturity decreased 162.4 million, or 13.9 , to 1.0 billion at June 30, 2023 as compared to 1.2 billion at June 30, 2022. Deposits grew 224.6 million,
 or 10.1 , to 2.4 billion at June 30, 2023 as compared to 2.2 billion at June 30, 2022. Total shareholders equity amounted to 183.3 million and 157.7 million at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, or 6.8 and 6.1 of total assets,
 respectively.

Comparison of Financial Condition as of June 30, 2023 and 2022

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

Total cash and cash equivalents increased 127.4 million to 196.4 million at June 30, 2023 from 69.0 million at June 30, 2022. The level of cash and cash equivalents is a function of the daily account clearing
 needs and deposit levels as well as activities associated with securities transactions and loan funding. All of these items can cause cash levels to fluctuate significantly on a daily basis. The Company increased its overall liquidity and cash
 position in response to the current turmoil in the banking sector. As of June 30, 2023, the Company believes it has maintained a strong liquidity position.

SECURITIES

Securities available-for-sale and held-to-maturity decreased 162.4 million, or 13.9 , to 1.0 billion at June 30, 2023 as compared to 1.2 billion at June 30, 2022. The decrease was the result of utilizing
 maturing investments to fund loan growth and to maintain elevated cash holdings, and due to the increase in unrealized loss on securities available-for-sale of 4.5 million. Securities purchases totaled 212.0 million during the year ended June
 30, 2023 and consisted primarily of 208.1 million of state and political subdivision securities. Principal pay-downs and maturities during the year ended June 30, 2023 amounted to 365.6 million, primarily consisting of 333.2 million of state
 and political subdivision securities, and 29.3 million of mortgage-backed securities.

The Company holds 61.2 of its securities portfolio at June 30, 2023 in state and political subdivision securities to take advantage of tax savings and to promote the Company s participation in the communities in
 which it operates. Mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities held within the portfolio do not contain sub-prime loans and are not exposed to the credit risk associated with such lending.

Investment Maturity Schedule 

The following table set forth information with regard to contractual maturities of debt securities shown in amortized cost ) and weighted average yield ) at June 30, 2023. Weighted-average yields are an
 arithmetic computation of income not fully tax equivalent FTE adjusted divided by amortized cost. Mortgage-backed securities balances are presented based on final maturity date and do not reflect the expected cash flows from monthly
 principal repayments. Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities, because issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. No tax-equivalent adjustments were made in
 calculating the weighted average yield.

26 

Index 

(Dollars in thousands)

1 Year or Less

1-5 Years

5-10 Years

After 10 Years

Total

Securities available-for-sale :

U.S. government sponsored enterprises

-

-

1,960

1.23

11,094

1.32

-

-

13,054

1.31

U.S. treasury securities

-

-

14,061

1.17

4,288

1.42

-

-

18,349

1.22

State and political subdivisions

137,280

3.87

63

1.89

-

-

-

-

137,343

3.87

MBS-residential

-

-

363

2.73

2,272

2.51

26,951

1.45

29,586

1.55

MBS -multi-family

-

-

10,035

2.28

49,702

1.54

31,279

1.76

91,016

1.70

Corporate debt securities

251

2.96

18,054

3.08

-

-

1,500

3.03

19,805

3.07

Total securities available-for-sale

137,531

3.87

44,536

2.21

67,356

1.53

59,730

1.65

309,153

2.69

Securities held-to-maturity :

U.S. treasury securities

9,988

2.41

18,929

1.55

4,788

1.88

-

-

33,705

1.85

State and political subdivisions

57,114

2.21

143,594

2.19

124,750

2.24

153,298

2.18

478,756

2.20

MBS-residential

4

4.01

375

3.30

239

3.50

36,568

2.30

37,186

2.32

MBS-multi-family

7,626

2.51

41,236

3.00

92,084

1.54

14,100

1.32

155,046

1.96

Corporate debt securities

-

-

1,000

4.26

20,132

4.37

500

6.19

21,632

4.41

Other securities

10

7.32

-

-

2

4.36

26

4.78

38

5.42

Total securities held-to-maturity

74,742

2.21

205,134

2.20

241,995

2.05

204,492

1.95

726,363

2.08

LOANS

Net loans receivable increased 158.3 million, or 12.9 , to 1.4 billion at June 30, 2023 from 1.2 billion at June 30, 2022. The loan growth experienced during the year consisted primarily of 97.8 million in
 commercial real estate loans, 38.2 million in commercial construction loans, 11.6 million in residential loans, 4.9 million in home equity loans, 3.8 million in residential construction and land loans, 2.7 million in multi-family loans and a
 1.5 million decrease in the allowance for loan losses. This growth was partially offset by a 2.2 million decrease in commercial loans. The Company continues to experience loan growth as a result of continued growth in its customer base and its
 relationships with other financial institutions in originating loan participations. The Company continues to use a conservative underwriting policy in regard to all loan originations, and does not engage in sub-prime lending or other exotic loan
 products. Updated appraisals are obtained on loans when there is a reason to believe that there has been a change in the borrower s ability to repay the loan principal and interest, generally, when a loan is in a delinquent status. 
 Additionally, if an existing loan is to be modified or refinanced, generally, an appraisal is ordered to ensure continued collateral adequacy.

Loan Portfolio Composition 

Set forth below is selected information concerning the composition of the Company s loan portfolio in dollar amounts and in percentages (before deductions for deferred fees and costs, unearned discounts and
 allowances for losses) as of the dates indicated.

At June 30,

2023

2022

2021

2020

2019

(Dollars in thousands)

Amount

Percent

Amount

Percent

Amount

Percent

Amount

Percent

Amount

Percent

Residential real estate

372,443

26.44

360,824

28.82

325,167

29.34

279,332

27.58

267,802

33.55

Residential construction and land

19,072

1.35

15,298

1.22

10,185

0.92

11,847

1.17

7,462

0.93

Multi-family

66,496

4.72

63,822

5.10

41,951

3.78

25,104

2.48

24,592

3.08

Commercial real estate

693,436

49.22

595,635

47.57

472,887

42.66

381,415

37.67

329,668

41.31

Commercial construction

121,958

8.66

83,748

6.69

62,763

5.66

74,920

7.40

36,361

4.56

Home equity

22,752

1.61

17,877

1.43

18,285

1.65

22,106

2.18

23,185

2.91

Consumer installment (1) 

4,612

0.33

4,512

0.36

4,942

0.45

4,817

0.48

5,481

0.69

Commercial loans

108,022

7.67

110,271

8.81

172,228

15.54

213,119

21.04

103,554

12.97

Total gross loans

1,408,791

100.00

1,251,987

100.00

1,108,408

100.00

1,012,6 60

100.00

798,105

100.00

(1) 

Includes direct automobile loans (on both new and used automobiles) and personal loans.

27 

Index 

Loan Maturity Schedule and Interest Rate Sensitivity 

The following table sets forth certain information as of June 30, 2023 regarding the amount of loans maturing or re-pricing in the Company s portfolio. Adjustable-rate loans are included in the period in which
 interest rates are next scheduled to adjust rather than the period in which they contractually mature and fixed-rate loans are included in the period in which the final contractual repayment is due. Lines of credit with no specified maturity
 date are included in the category 1 Year or Less. Home equity loans are included within consumer loan portfolio below.

(In thousands)

1 Year or 

 Less

1-5 Years

5-15 Years

After 15 

 Years

Total

Fixed rate:

Residential real estate

349

10,413

156,896

69,981

237,639

Residential construction and land

3,141

172

244

-

3,557

Multi-family

1

561

7,992

-

8,554

Commercial real estate

5,366

43,603

180,409

7,537

236,915

Commercial construction

8,527

13,380

-

-

21,907

Consumer loans

607

4,478

6,705

-

11,790

Commercial loans

6,974

22,744

34,902

647

65,267

Total fixed rate loans

24,965

95,351

387,148

78,165

585,629

Variable rate:

Residential real estate

17,301

48,247

69,256

-

134,804

Residential construction and land

15,515

-

-

-

15,515

Multi-family

2,765

33,556

21,621

-

57,942

Commercial real estate

149,233

212,145

95,143

-

456,521

Commercial construction

88,488

11,563

-

-

100,051

Consumer loans

15,574

-

-

-

15,574

Commercial loans

28,713

4,568

9,474

-

42,755

Total variable rate loans

317,589

310,079

195,494

-

823,162

Total loan portfolio

342,554

405,430

582,642

78,165

1,408,791

Potential Problem Loans 

Management closely monitors the quality of the loan portfolio and has established a loan review process designed to help grade the quality and profitability of the Company s loan portfolio. The credit quality
 grade helps management make a consistent assessment of each loan relationship s credit risk. Consistent with regulatory guidelines, the Company provides for the classification of loans and other assets considered being of lesser quality. Such
 ratings coincide with the Substandard , Doubtful and Loss classifications used by federal regulators in their examination of financial institutions. Assets that do not currently expose the insured financial institutions to sufficient risk
 to warrant classification in one of the aforementioned categories but otherwise possess weaknesses are designated Special Mention. For further discussion regarding how management determines when a loan should be classified, see Part II, Item 8
 Financial Statements and Supplemental Data, Note 4, Loans of this Annual Report.

Nonaccrual Loans and Nonperforming Assets 

Loans are reviewed on a regular basis to assess collectability of all principal and interest payments due. Management determines that a loan is impaired or nonperforming when it is probable at least a portion of
 the principal or interest will not be collected in accordance with contractual terms of the note. When a loan is determined to be impaired, the measurement of the loan is based on present value of estimated future cash flows, except that all
 collateral-dependent loans are measured for impairment based on the fair value of the collateral.

Generally, management places loans on nonaccrual status once the loans have become 90 days or more delinquent or sooner if there is a significant reason for management to believe the collectability is questionable
 and, therefore, interest on the loan will no longer be recognized on an accrual basis. The Company identifies impaired loans and measures the impairment in accordance with FASB ASC subtopic Receivables Loan
 Impairment. Management may consider a loan impaired once it is classified as nonaccrual and when it is probable that the borrower will be unable to repay the loan according to the original contractual terms of the loan agreement or the
 loan is restructured in a troubled debt restructuring. A loan does not have to be 90 days delinquent in order to be classified as nonperforming. Foreclosed real estate is considered to be a nonperforming asset. For further discussion and detail
 regarding impaired loans please refer to Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplemental Data, Note 4 Loans of this Annual Report . 

28 

Index 

Analysis of Nonaccrual Loans, Nonperforming Assets and Restructured Loans 

The table below details additional information related to nonaccrual loans for the periods indicated:

At June 30,

(Dollars in thousands)

2023

2022

2021

2020

2019

Nonaccrual loans:

Residential real estate

2,747

2,948

1,324

2,513

2,474

Residential construction and land

-

1

-

-

-

Multi-family

-

-

-

151

-

Commercial real estate

1,318

1,269

444

781

598

Commercial construction

-

-

-

-

-

Home equity

54

188

237

319

452

Consumer installment

63

7

-

-

6

Commercial

1,276

1,904

296

313

108

Total nonaccrual loans

5,458

6,317

2,301

4,077

3,638

Foreclosed real estate:

Residential real estate

-

68

64

-

53

Commercial loans

302

-

-

-

-

Total foreclosed real estate

302

68

64

-

53

Total nonperforming assets

5,760

6,385

2,365

4,077

3,691

Troubled debt restructuring:

Nonperforming (included above)

2,691

2,707

354

304

531

Performing (accruing and excluded above)

2,805

2,336

5,050

909

1,368

Nonaccrual loans to total loans

0.39

0.50

0.21

0.40

0.46

Nonperforming loans to total loans

0.39

0.50

0.21

0.40

0.46

Nonperforming assets to total assets

0.21

0.25

0.11

0.24

0.29

Allowance for loan losses to nonperforming loans

388.64

360.31

854.76

402.04

362.84

Allowance for loan losses to nonaccrual loans

388.64

360.31

854.76

402.04

362.84

Nonperforming assets amounted to 5.8 million at June 30, 2023 and 6.4 million at June 30, 2022, respectively. Total impaired loans amounted to 10.3 million at June 30, 2023 compared to 10.8 million at June 30,
 2022, a decrease of 500,000, or 4.3 . Impaired loans remained stable throughout the fiscal year, with four commercial real estate loans becoming delinquent and going on nonaccrual, one large commercial loan pay off and one commercial loan
 foreclosed on during the fiscal year. Impaired loans include loans that have been modified in a troubled debt restructuring and are performing under the modified terms and have therefore been returned to performing status.

Commercial real estate impaired loans amounted to 5.3 million as of June 30, 2023, as compared to 3.8 million as of June 30, 2022, an increase of 1.5 million. The increase in commercial real
 estate impaired loans was the result of four relationships continuing to deteriorate and moving into nonaccrual status, and therefore classified as impaired. The average recorded investment of these new impaired loans was 1.0 million as of June
 30, 2023. Commercial impaired loans amounted to 1.9 million as of June 30, 2023, as compared to 3.5 million as of June 30, 2022, a decrease of 1.6 million. The decrease in commercial impaired loans was the result of one relationship being
 paid off and one relationship moving to foreclosed assets, therefore being removed from impaired.

Loans on nonaccrual status totaled 5.5 million at June 30, 2023 of which 2.0 million were in the process of foreclosure. At June 30, 2023, there were three residential real estate loans totaling 625,000 and two
 commercial real estate loans totaling 1.4 million in the process of foreclosure. Included in nonaccrual loans were 3.1 million of loans which were less than 90 days past due at June 30, 2023, but have a recent history of delinquency greater
 than 90 days past due. These loans will be returned to accrual status once they have demonstrated a history of timely payments. Loans on nonaccrual status totaled 6.3 million at June 30, 2022 of which 528,000 were in the process of
 foreclosure. At June 30, 2022, there were three residential real estate loans totaling 426,000 and one commercial real estate loan totaling 102,000 in the process of foreclosure. Included in nonaccrual loans were 4.4 million of loans which
 were less than 90 days past due at June 30, 2022, but have a recent history of delinquency greater than 90 days past due. These loans will be returned to accrual status once they have demonstrated a history of timely payments.

29 

Index 

For additional details on impaired loans, see the table in Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplemental Data, Note 4, Loans of this Annual Report.

ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES

The allowance for loan losses is established through a provision for loan losses based on management s evaluation of the risk inherent in the loan portfolio, the composition of the loan portfolio, specific impaired
 loans and current economic conditions. Such evaluation, which includes a review of certain identified loans on which full collectability may not be reasonably assured, considers among other matters, the estimated net realizable value or the fair
 value of the underlying collateral, economic conditions, payment status of the loan, historical loan loss experience and other factors that warrant recognition in providing for an allowance for loan loss. In addition, various regulatory
 agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review the Company s allowance for loan losses. Such agencies may require the Company to recognize additions to the allowance based on their judgment about information
 available to them at the time of their examination. The Company disaggregates its loan portfolio as noted in the below allocation of allowance for loan losses table to evaluate for impairment collectively based on historical loss experience. 
 The Company evaluates nonaccrual loans that are over 250,000 and all trouble debt restructured loans individually for impairment, if it is probable that the Company will not be able to collect scheduled payments of principal and interest when
 due, according to the contractual terms of the loan agreements. The measurement of impaired loans is generally based on the fair value of the underlying collateral. The Company charges loans off against the allowance for loan losses when it
 becomes evident that a loan cannot be collected within a reasonable amount of time or that it will cost the Company more than it will receive, and all possible avenues of repayment have been analyzed, including the potential of future cash flow,
 the value of the underlying collateral, and strength of any guarantors or co-borrowers. Generally, consumer loans and smaller business loans (not secured by real estate) in excess of 90 days are charged-off against the allowance for loan losses,
 unless equitable arrangements are made. For loans secured by real estate, a charge-off is recorded when it is determined that the collection of all or a portion of a loan may not be collected and the amount of that loss can be reasonably
 estimated. The allowance for loan losses is increased by a provision for loan losses (which results in a charge to expense) and recoveries of loans previously charged-off and is reduced by charge-offs.

Loans classified as substandard or special mention totaled 41.9 million at June 30, 2023 compared to 52.1 million at June 30, 2022, a decrease of 10.2 million. During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company
 upgraded commercial real estate and residential real estate loans from substandard and special mention to pass due to improvements seen in borrower cash flows and financial performance. This was offset by downgrades in commercial loans from pass
 to special mention and special mention to substandard, due to deterioration in borrower cash flows, delinquent payments and further financial deterioration or not improving financial performance. Management continues to monitor classified loan
 relationships closely. Reserves on these loans totaled 5.2 million at June 30, 2023 compared to 9.6 million at June 30, 2022, a decrease of 4.4 million. No loans were classified as doubtful or loss at June 30, 2023 or 2022. Allowance for
 loan losses to total loans receivable was 1.51 at June 30, 2023, and 1.82 at June 30, 2022. The decrease in the allowance for loan losses to total loans receivable was due to a decrease in the balance and reserve percentage on loans adversely
 classified, as loans were upgraded due to improvements in credit quality and loans were paid off during the fiscal year. This was partially offset by the growth in gross loans and increases in the economic qualitative factors during the year, due
 to elevated inflation levels and the negative impacts higher interest rates could have on borrowers abilities to repay loans.

Net charge-offs totaled 478,000 and 185,000 for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. There were no significant net charge-offs in any loan segment during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023.

Nonperforming loans amounted to 5.5 million and 6.3 million at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. At June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively, nonperforming assets
 were 0.21 and 0.25 of total assets, and nonperforming loans were 0.39 and 0.50 of net loans, with deterioration split primarily in residential real estate loans and commercial loans, year over year. We have not originated no documentation 
 mortgage loans and our loan portfolio does not include any mortgage loans that we classify as sub-prime.

30 

Index 

Analysis of allowance for loan losses activity 

At or for the Years Ended June 30,

(Dollars in thousands)

2023

2022

2021

2020

2019

Balance at the beginning of the period

22,761

19,668

16,391

13,200

12,024

Charge-offs:

Residential real estate

-

27

26

102

287

Commercial real estate

9

-

-

-

74

Consumer installment

535

454

309

459

374

Commercial loans

120

112

500

335

51

Total loans charged off

664

593

835

896

786

Recoveries:

Residential real estate

6

13

13

16

13

Commercial real estate

4

-

-

-

-

Consumer installment

141

115

124

130

137

Commercial loans

35

280

1

36

153

Total recoveries

186

408

138

182

303

Net charge-offs

478

185

697

714

483

Provisions (benefit) charged to operations

(1,071

3,278

3,974

3,905

1,659

Balance at the end of the period

21,212

22,761

19,668

16,391

13,200

Allowance for loan losses to total loans receivable

1.51

1.82

1.77

1.62

1.65

Residential real estate net charge-offs to average loans outstanding

0.00

0.00

0.00

0.01

0.04

Commercial real estate net charge-offs to average loans outstanding

0.00

-

-

-

0.01

Consumer installment net charge-offs to average loans outstanding

0.03

0.03

0.02

0.04

0.03

Commercial loans net charge-offs to average loans outstanding

0.01

(0.01

0.05

0.03

(0.01

Net charge-offs to average loans outstanding

0.04

0.02

0.07

0.08

0.06

Net charge-offs to average assets

0.02

0.01

0.04

0.05

0.04

31 

Index 

Allocation of Allowance for Loan Losses 

The following table sets forth the allocation of the allowance for loan losses by loan category at the dates indicated. The allowance is allocated to each loan category based on historical loss experience and
 economic conditions. On July 1, 2023, the Company adopted CECL. The models and methodologies are finalized with review controls and processes being finalized. The day-one impact of adopting CECL is not expected to be material to the Company s
 total capital, however it is expected to create volatility in the level of the allowance for credit loss from quarter to quarter, as changes will be dependent upon macroeconomic forecasts and conditions, loan portfolio volumes, credit quality and
 key modeling assumptions.

At June 30,

2023

2022

2021

2020

2019

(Dollars in thousands)

Amount of

 loan loss

 allowance

Percent

 of loans

 in each

 category

 to total

 loans

Amount of

 loan loss

 allowance

Percent

 of loans

 in each

 category

 to total

 loans

Amount of

 loan loss

 allowance

Percent

 of loans

 in each

 category

 to total

 loans

Amount of

 loan loss

 allowance

Percent

 of loans

 in each

 category

 to total

 loans

Amount of

 loan loss

 allowance

Percent

 of loans

 in each

 category

 to total

 loans

Residential real estate

2,613

26.4

2,373

28.8

2,012

29.3

2,091

27.6

2,026

33.6

Residential construction and land

181

1.4

141

1.2

106

0.9

141

1.2

87

0.9

Multi-family

197

4.7

119

5.1

186

3.8

176

2.5

180

3.1

Commercial real estate

13,020

49.2

16,221

47.6

13,049

42.7

8,634

37.6

7,110

41.3

Commercial construction

1,622

8.7

1,114

6.7

1,535

5.7

2,053

7.4

872

4.5

Home equity

46

1.6

89

1.4

165

1.6

295

2.2

314

2.9

Consumer installment

332

0.3

349

0.4

267

0.5

197

0.5

250

0.7

Commercial loans

3,201

7.7

2,355

8.8

2,348

15.5

2,804

21.0

2,361

13.0

Unallocated

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Totals

21,212

100.0

22,761

100.0

19,668

100.0

16,391

100.0

13,200

100.0

For further discussion and detail regarding the Allowance for Loan Loss, please refer to Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplemental Data, Note 4 Loans of this Annual Report . 

PREMISES AND EQUIPMENT

Premises and equipment amounted to 15.0 million and 14.4 million at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Purchases totaled 1.5 million during the year ended June 30, 2023, consisting primarily of building
 improvements and equipment for a new branch located in East Greenbush, New York and a new office building located in Catskill, New York, and IT equipment. Purchases totaled 1.1 million during the year ended June 30, 2022, consisting primarily
 of building improvements, IT equipment and new ATMs. Depreciation for the year ended June 30, 2023 totaled 871,000, compared to 826,000 for the year ended June 30, 2022. There were no disposals of premises and equipment during the fiscal years
 ended June 30, 2023 and 2022.

PREPAID EXPENSES AND OTHER ASSETS

Prepaid expenses and other assets totaled 17.5 million at June 30, 2023, compared to 15.2 million at June 30, 2022, an increase of 2.3 million. The increase was due to an increase of 1.3 million in deferred
 taxes due to the increase in unrealized losses on available for sale securities and an increase of 1.2 million in accrued income tax receivable due to the Company overpaying estimated quarterly tax payments during fiscal 2023. This was offset by
 a decrease of 132,000 in prepaid expense.

Real estate acquired as a result of foreclosure, or in-substance foreclosure, is classified as foreclosed real estate FRE until such time as it is sold. When real estate is classified as FRE, it is recorded at
 its fair value, less estimated costs of disposal establishing a new cost basis. Upon transfer to FRE, if the value of the property is less than the loan, less any related specific loan loss provisions, the difference is charged against the
 allowance for loan losses. Any subsequent write-down of FRE is charged against earnings. There were 302,000 in FRE assets at June 30, 2023. At June 30, 2022, there were 68,000 in FRE assets.

32 

Index 

DEPOSITS

Deposits totaled 2.4 billion at June 30, 2023 and 2.2 billion at June 30, 2022, an increase of 224.6 million, or 10.1 . NOW deposits increased 253.2 million, or 17.1 , certificates of deposits increased 87.3
 million, or 213.9 , noninterest-bearing deposits decreased 28.6 million, or 15.3 , savings deposits decreased 44.7 million, or 13.0 , money market deposits decreased 42.6 million, or 27.0 , when comparing June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022.
 Included within certificates of deposits at June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 were 60.0 million and 7.2 million in brokered certificates of deposits, respectively, an increase of 52.8 million. The increase in brokered deposits increased the
 Company s overall liquidity and cash position in response to the current turmoil in the banking sector. Deposits increased during the year ended June 30, 2023, as a result of increases in municipal deposits at Greene County Commercial Bank,
 primarily from tax collection and new account relationships, and increases in business accounts at the Bank of Greene County from new account relationships.

At June 30,

2023

2022

2021

(Dollars in thousands)

Amount

Percent

Amount

Percent

Amount

Percent

Transaction and savings deposits:

Noninterest-bearing deposits

159,039

6.5

187,697

8.5

174,114

8.7

Certificates of deposit

128,077

5.3

40,801

1.8

34,791

1.7

Savings deposits

299,038

12.3

343,731

15.5

301,050

15.0

Money market deposits

115,029

4.7

157,623

7.1

145,832

7.3

NOW deposits

1,735,978

71.2

1,482,752

67.0

1,349,321

67.3

Total deposits

2,437,161

100.0

2,212,604

100.0

2,005,108

100.0

The following table summarizes total uninsured deposits based on the same methodologies and assumptions used for the Bank s regulatory reporting: 

At June 30,

(Dollars in thousands)

2023

2022

2021

Estimated amount of uninsured for Bank of Greene County

368,566

328,352

278,632

Estimated amount of uninsured for Greene County Commercial Bank 1 

941,634

858,015

769,247

1 

All of Greene County Commercial Bank deposits in excess of FDIC insurance limits are fully collateralized.

The following table presents the maturity distribution of certificates of deposits of 250,000 or more:

(Dollars in thousands)

At June 30, 2023

Portion of certificates of deposits in excess of insurance limits

20,244

Certificates of deposits otherwise uninsured with a maturity of:

Within three months

14,056

After three but within six months

2,387

After six but within twelve months

-

Over twelve months

3,801

The amount of certificates of deposit by time remaining to maturity as of June 30, 2023 is set forth in Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplemental Data, Note 6, Deposits

of this Annual Report.

BORROWINGS

Borrowings for the Company amounted to 49.5 million at June 30, 2023 compared to 173.0 million at June 30, 2022, a decrease of 123.5 million. At June 30, 2023, borrowings consisted of 49.5 million of
 fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes. During the quarter ended June 30, 2023 the Bank established a borrowing facility through the Bank Term Funding Program offered through the Federal Reserve which allows the Bank to borrow on eligible
 securities at the par value if need. As of June 30, 2023, the Bank did not borrow against this facility.

On September 17, 2020, the Company entered into Subordinated Note Purchase Agreements with 14 qualified institutional investors, issued at 4.75 Fixed-to-Floating Rate due September 15, 2030, in
 the aggregate principal amount of 20.0 million, carried net of issuance costs of 424,000 amortized over a period of 60 months. These notes are callable on September 15, 2025. At June 30, 2023, there were 19.8 million of Subordinated Note
 Purchases Agreements outstanding, net of issuance costs.

33 

Index 

On September 15, 2021, the Company entered into Subordinated Note Purchase Agreements with 18 qualified institutional investors, issued at 3.00 Fixed-to-Floating Rate due September 15, 2031, in the aggregate
 principal amount of 30.0 million, carried net of issuance costs of 499,000 amortized over a period of 60 months. These notes are callable on September 15, 2026. At June 30, 2023, there were 29.7 million of these Subordinated Note Purchases
 Agreements outstanding, net of issuance costs.

The Company s borrowing agreements are discussed further within Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplemental Data, Note 7 Borrowings of this Annual Report.

OTHER LIABILITIES

Other liabilities, consisting primarily of accrued liabilities, totaled 28.3 million at June 30, 2023, compared to 28.4 million at June 30, 2022, a decrease of 68,000. The change was primarily due to a decrease
 in accrued expenses for loss reserve liability accounts related to the closure of Greene Risk Management, a decrease in the federal and state taxes payable, an increase in employee benefit plans, including short-term and long-term incentive
 plans, and supplemental executive retirement plan. The ASU 2016-02 lease liability also increased by 237,000 when comparing the year ended June 30, 2023 to June 30, 2022 related a new lease entered into for the East Greenbush branch. This was
 offset by a decrease in the pension liability of 238,000 when comparing the year ended June 30, 2023 to June 30, 2022. For further information regarding these changes, see Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplemental Data, Note 9 Employee Benefits Plans and Note 10 Stock-Based Compensation of this Annual Report . 

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY

Shareholders equity increased to 183.3 million at June 30, 2023 from 157.7 million at June 30, 2022, resulting primarily from net income of 30.8 million, partially offset by dividends declared and paid of 2.2
 million and an increase in accumulated other comprehensive loss of 3.0 million. Other comprehensive loss increased during the year due to the change in market values of securities available for sale, resulting from
 the increases in market interest rates .

On September 17, 2019, the Board of Directors of the Company adopted a stock repurchase program. Under the repurchase program, the Company may repurchase up to 200,000 shares of its common stock. Repurchases are
 made at management s discretion at prices management considers to be attractive and in the best interests of both the Company and its stockholders, subject to the availability of stock, general market conditions, the trading price of the stock,
 alternative uses for capital, and the Company s financial performance. As of June 30, 2023, the Company had repurchased a total of 48,800 shares of the 400,000 shares authorized by the repurchase program. The Company did not repurchase any shares
 during the year ended June 30, 2023.

Selected Equity Data: 

At June 30,

2023

2022

Shareholders equity to total assets, at end of period

6.79

6.13

Book value per share 1 

10.76

9.26

Closing market price of common stock 1 

29.80

22.65

For the years ended June 30,

2023

2022

Average shareholders equity to average assets

6.58

6.60

Dividend payout ratio 1 

15.47

15.85

Actual dividends paid to net income 2 

7.12

9.41

1 

The dividend payout ratio has been calculated based on the dividends declared per share divided by basic earnings per share. No adjustments have been made to account for dividends waived by Greene County
 Bancorp, MHC MHC ), the Company s majority shareholder, owning 54.1 of the shares outstanding.

2 

Dividends declared divided by net income. The MHC waived its right to receive dividends declared during the three months ended, September 30, 2021, December 31, 2021, March 31, 2022, September 30, 2022, December 31, 2022, March 31,
 2023 and June 30, 2023. Dividends declared during the three months ended June 30, 2022 were paid to the MHC. The MHC s ability to waive the receipt of dividends is dependent upon annual approval of its members as well as receiving the
 non-objection of the Federal Reserve Board.

34 

Index 

Comparison of Operating Results for the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022

Average Balance Sheet

The following table sets forth certain information relating to the Company for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. For the years indicated, the total dollar amount of interest income from average
 interest-earning assets and the resultant yields, as well as the interest expense on average interest-bearing liabilities, are expressed both in dollars and rates. No tax equivalent adjustments were made. Average balances are based on daily
 averages. Average loan balances include nonperforming loans. The loan yields include net amortization of certain deferred fees and costs that are considered adjustments to yields.

Fiscal Years Ended June 30, 

2023

2022

(Dollars in thousands)

Average Outstanding Balance

Interest

 Earned/

 Paid

Average

 Yield/

 Rate

Average Outstanding Balance

Interest

 Earned/

 Paid

Average 

 Yield/

 Rate

Interest-earning Assets:

Loans receivable 1 

1,371,653

60,049

4.38

1,144,308

47,125

4.12

Securities non-taxable

672,877

14,385

2.14

652,468

9,517

1.46

Securities taxable

413,417

8,384

2.03

413,721

6,595

1.59

Interest-earning bank balances and federal funds

34,816

1,592

4.57

79,489

157

0.20

FHLB stock

2,890

215

7.44

1,462

50

3.42

Total interest-earning assets

2,495,653

84,625

3.39

2,291,448

63,444

2.77

Cash and due from banks

12,684

13,474

Allowance for loan losses

(22,115

(21,107

Other noninterest-earning assets

94,627

82,255

Total assets

2,580,849

2,366,070

Interest-Bearing Liabilities:

Savings and money market deposits

464,988

929

0.20

467,543

759

0.16

NOW deposits

1,596,832

17,516

1.10

1,446,381

2,434

0.17

Certificates of deposit

69,279

1,610

2.32

34,948

283

0.81

Borrowings

82,816

3,352

4.05

51,193

1,963

3.83

Total interest-bearing liabilities

2,213,915

23,407

1.06

2,000,065

5,439

0.27

Noninterest-bearing deposits

171,068

185,712

Other noninterest-bearing liabilities

26,029

24,195

Shareholders equity

169,837

156,098

Total liabilities and equity

2,580,849

2,366,070

Net interest income

61,218

58,005

Net interest rate spread

2.33

2.50

Net earnings assets

281,738

291,383

Net interest margin

2.45

2.53

Average interest-earning assets to average interest-bearing liabilities

112.73

114.57

1 

Calculated net of deferred loan fees and costs, loan discounts, and loans in process.

35 

Index 

Taxable-equivalent net interest income and net interest margin

For the year ended June 30,

(Dollars in thousands)

2023

2022

Net interest income (GAAP)

61,218

58,005

Tax-equivalent adjustment (1) 

5,258

3,670

Net interest income (fully taxable-equivalent)

66,476

61,675

Average interest-earning assets

2,495,653

2,291,448

Net interest margin (fully taxable-equivalent)

2.66

2.69

(1) Net interest income on a taxable-equivalent basis
 includes the additional amount of interest income that would have been earned if the Company s investment in tax-exempt securities and loans had been subject to federal and New York State income taxes yielding the same after-tax income. The
 rate used for this adjustment was approximately 21 for federal income taxes for the periods ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, and 4.44 for New York State income taxes for the periods ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

Rate / Volume Analysis

The following table presents the extent to which changes in interest rates and changes in the volume of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities have affected the Company s interest income and
 interest expense during the periods indicated. Information is provided in each category with respect to:

(i) 

Change attributable to changes in volume (changes in volume multiplied by prior rate);

(ii) 

Change attributable to changes in rate (changes in rate multiplied by prior volume); and

(iii) 

The net change.

The changes attributable to the combined impact of volume and rate have been allocated proportionately to the changes due to volume and the changes due to rate.

Years Ended June 30,

2023 versus 2022

2022 versus 2021

Increase/(Decrease)

 Due To

Total

 Increase/

Increase/(Decrease)

 Due To

Total

 Increase/

(In thousands)

Volume

Rate

(Decrease)

Volume

Rate

(Decrease)

Interest-earning Assets:

Loans receivable, net 1 

9,808

3,116

12,924

3,484

(1,634

1,850

Securities non-taxable

306

4,562

4,868

3,040

(1,476

1,564

Securities taxable

(5

1,794

1,789

1,884

(247

1,637

Interest-earning bank balances and federal funds

(138

1,573

1,435

-

76

76

FHLB stock

75

90

165

14

(25

(11

Total interest-earning assets

10,046

11,135

21,181

8,422

(3,306

5,116

Interest-Bearing Liabilities:

Savings and money market deposits

(4

174

170

146

(339

(193

NOW deposits

281

14,801

15,082

610

(1,071

(461

Certificates of deposit

458

869

1,327

(1

(90

(91

Borrowings

1,271

118

1,389

1,117

(116

1,001

Total interest-bearing liabilities

2,006

15,962

17,968

1,872

(1,616

256

Net change in net interest income

8,040

(4,827

3,213

6,550

(1,690

4,860

1 

Calculated net of deferred loan fees, loan discounts, and loans in process.

As the above table shows, net interest income for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 has been affected most significantly by the increase in volume of loans and securities and the increase in rate on all
 interest-earning assets. This was partially offset by an increase in volume and rate of interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest rate spread decreased 17 basis points to 2.33 for the year ended June 30, 2023 compared to 2.50 for the year
 ended June 30, 2022. Net interest margin decreased 8 basis points to 2.45 for the year ended June 30, 2023 compared to 2.53 for the year ended June 30, 2022. The decrease during the quarter and year ended June 30, 2023 was due to the higher
 interest rate environment as the rates paid for deposits repriced faster than rates earned on loans and investments resulting in a decrease in net interest rate spread and margin.

36 

Index 

INTEREST INCOME

Interest income for the year ended June 30, 2023 amounted to 84.6 million as compared to 63.4 million for the year ended June 30, 2022, an increase of 21.2 million, or 33.4 . The increase in average loan
 balances had the greatest impact on interest income when comparing the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. Interest income is derived from loans, securities and other interest-earning assets. Total average interest-earning assets increased to
 2.5 billion for the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to 2.3 billion for the year ended June 30, 2022, an increase of 204.2 million, or 8.9 . The yield earned on such assets increased 62 basis points to 3.39 for the year ended June 30,
 2023 as compared to 2.77 for the year ended June 30, 2022.

Interest income earned on loans increased to 60.0 million for the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to 47.1 million for the year ended June 30, 2022. Average loans outstanding increased 227.3 million, or
 19.9 , to 1.4 billion for the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to 1.1 billion for the year ended June 30, 2022. The yield on such loans increased 26 basis points to 4.38 for the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to 4.12 for the year
 ended June 30, 2022. At June 30, 2023, approximately 58.4 of the loan portfolio was adjustable rate, of which a large portion is tied to the Prime Rate.

Interest income earned on securities (excluding FHLB stock) increased to 22.8 million for the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to 16.1 million for the year ended June 30, 2022. The average balance of
 securities remained at 1.1 billion for the year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. The average yield on securities non-taxable increased 68 basis points to 2.14 for the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to 1.46 for the year ended June 30, 2022. 
 The average yield on securities taxable increased 44 basis points to 2.03 for the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to 1.59 for the year ended June 30, 2022. No adjustments were made to tax-effect the income for the state and political
 subdivision securities, which often carry a lower yield because of the offset expected from income tax benefits gained from holding such securities.

Interest income earned on federal funds and interest-earning deposits amounted to 1.6 million for the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to 157,000 for the year ended June 30, 2022. The average balance of
 federal funds and interest-earning deposits decreased 44.7 million, or 56.2 , to 34.8 million for the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to 79.5 million for the year ended June 30, 2022. Dividends on FHLB stock increased to 215,000 for the
 year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to 50,000 for the year ended June 30, 2022.

INTEREST EXPENSE

Interest expense for the year ended June 30, 2023 amounted to 23.4 million as compared to 5.4 million for the year ended June 30, 2022, an increase of 18.0 million. The increase in rate on interest-bearing
 liabilities had the greatest impact on interest expense when comparing the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. The rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities increased 79 basis points to 1.06 for the year ended June 30, 2023 compared to 0.27 for
 the year ended June 30, 2022. Total average interest-bearing liabilities increased to 2.2 billion for the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to 2.0 billion for the year ended June 30, 2022, an increase of 213.9 million, or 10.7 . The
 majority of the increase related to NOW accounts, primarily resulting from growth in new deposit relationships within our business and municipal accounts.

Interest expense paid on savings and money market accounts amounted to 929,000 for the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to 759,000 for the year ended June 30, 2022, an increase of 170,000, or 22.4 . The
 average rate paid on savings and money market accounts increased 4 basis points to 0.20 for the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to 0.16 for the year ended June 30, 2022. The average balance of savings and money market accounts decreased
 by 2.5 million to 465.0 million for the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to 467.5 million for the year ended June 30, 2022.

Interest expense paid on NOW accounts amounted to 17.5 million for the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to 2.4 million for the year ended June 30, 2022, an increase of 15.1 million. The average rate paid on
 NOW accounts increased 93 basis points to 1.10 for the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to 0.17 for the year ended June 30, 2022. The average balance of NOW accounts increased 150.5 million to 1.6 billion for the year ended June 30, 2023
 as compared to 1.4 billion for the year ended June 30, 2022.

Interest expense paid on certificates of deposit amounted to 1.6 million for the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to 283,000 for the year ended June 30, 2022, an increase of 1.3 million. The average rate
 paid on certificates of deposit increased 151 basis points to 2.32 for the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to 0.81 for the year ended June 30, 2022. The average balance on certificates increased 34.3 million to 69.3 million for the year
 ended June 30, 2023 as compared to 35.0 million for the year ended June 30, 2022.

Interest expense on borrowings amounted to 3.4 million for the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to 2.0 million for the year ended June 30, 2022, as the average balance of borrowings increased 31.6 million to
 82.8 million for the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to 51.2 million for the year ended June 30, 2022. The average rate paid on borrowings increased 22 basis points to 4.05 from 3.83 during the period.

37 

Index 

PROVISION FOR LOAN LOSSES

Management continues to closely monitor asset quality and adjust the level of the allowance for loan losses when necessary. The amount recognized for the provision for loan losses is determined by management based
 on its ongoing analysis of the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses. Provision for loan losses amounted to a benefit of 1.1 million and a charge of 3.3 million for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The benefit for the
 years ended June 30, 2023 was due to a decrease in the balance and reserve percentage on loans adversely classified, as loans were upgraded due to improvements in credit quality and loans were paid off during the fiscal year. This was partially
 offset by the growth in gross loans and increases in the economic qualitative factors during the year, due to elevated inflation levels and the negative impacts higher interest rates could have on borrowers abilities to repay loans. For
 additional details relating to the allocation of the provision for loan losses, see Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplemental Data, Note 4, Loans of this report.

NONINTEREST INCOME

(Dollars in thousands)

For the years ended June 30,

Change from Prior Year

2023

2022

Amount

Percent

Service charges on deposit accounts

4,713

4,439

274

6.17

Debit card fees

4,512

4,381

131

2.99

Investment services

781

944

(163

(17.27

E-commerce fees

110

107

3

2.80

Bank owned life insurance

1,369

1,269

100

7.88

Net loss on sale of securities available-for-sale

(251

-

(251

(100.00

Other operating income

912

997

(85

(8.53

Total noninterest income

12,146

12,137

9

0.07

Noninterest income remained unchanged at 12.1 million for the year ended June 30, 2023 compared to year ended June 30, 2022. During the year ended June 30, 2023, there was an increase in debit card fees, service
 charges on deposit accounts resulting from continued growth in the number of checking accounts with debit cards and the number of deposit accounts, and income from bank owned life insurance. This was offset by a decrease in investment service
 income and a net loss on sale of securities available-for-sale.

NONINTEREST EXPENSE

(Dollars in thousands)

For the years ended June 30,

Change from Prior Year

2023

2022

Amount

Percent

Salaries and employee benefits

23,418

20,667

2,751

13.31

Occupancy expense

2,333

2,305

28

1.21

Equipment and furniture expense

699

806

(107

(13.28

Service and data processing fees

2,869

2,589

280

10.81

Computer software, supplies and support

1,653

1,531

122

7.97

Advertising and promotion

498

491

7

1.43

FDIC insurance premiums

1,085

826

259

31.36

Legal and professional fees

3,024

1,414

1,610

113.86

Other

3,029

3,330

(301

(9.04

Total noninterest expense

38,608

33,959

4,649

13.69

Noninterest expense increased 4.6 million, or 13.7 , to 38.6 million for the year ended June 30, 2023 compared to 34.0 million for the year ended June 30, 2022. The increase in noninterest expense during the
 year ended June 30, 2023 was primarily due to increases in salaries and employee benefits expense due to new positions created during the period to support the Company s growth, increases in FDIC insurance premiums of 259,000, and increases in
 legal and professional fees of 1.6 million due to non-recurring litigation expense and associated legal fees.

38 

Index 

INCOME TAXES

Provision for income taxes reflects the expected tax associated with the pre-tax income generated for the given period and certain regulatory requirements. The effective tax rate was 14.1 and 14.9 for the years
 ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The statutory tax rate is impacted by the benefits derived from tax-exempt bond and loan income, the Company s real estate investment trust subsidiary income and income received on the bank owned life
 insurance to arrive at the effective tax rate. The decrease in the current years effective tax rate was the result of an increase in tax-exempt income proportional to total income.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

Liquidity resources. The Company s primary sources of funds are deposits and proceeds from principal and interest payments on loans and securities, as
 well as lines of credit and term borrowing facilities available through the Federal Home Loan Bank as needed. While maturities and scheduled amortization of loans and securities are predictable sources of funds, deposit outflows, mortgage
 prepayments, and borrowings are greatly influenced by general interest rates, economic conditions and competition.

The Company s most liquid assets are cash and cash equivalent accounts. The levels of these assets are dependent on the Company s operating, financing, lending and investing activities during any given period. At
 June 30, 2023, cash and cash equivalents totaled 196.4 million, or 7.3 of total assets.

The Company s primary investing activities are the origination of residential and commercial real estate mortgage loans, other consumer and commercial loans, and the purchase of securities. Loan originations
 exceeded repayments by 157.9 million and 143.4 million and purchases of securities totaled 212.0 million and 669.2 million for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. These activities were funded primarily through deposit
 growth, and principal payments on loans and securities, and borrowings. Loan sales did not provide an additional source of liquidity during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, as the Company originated loans for retention in its portfolio.

On March 12, 2023, in response to liquidity concerns in the banking system, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, Federal Reserve and U.S. Department of Treasury, collaboratively approved certain actions with
 a stated intention to reduce stress across the financial system, support financial stability and minimize any impact on business, households, taxpayers, and the broader economy. Among other actions, the Federal Reserve Board has created a new
 Bank Term Funding Program (BTFP) to make additional funding available to eligible depository institutions to help assure institutions can meet the needs of their depositors. Eligible institutions may obtain liquidity against a wide range of
 collateral, at par value. BTFP advances can be requested through at least March 11, 2024. The Bank established a borrowing facility through the BTFP during the quarter ended June 30, 2023. The Company has not requested funding through the BTFP as
 of June 30 2023.

In efforts to enhance strong levels of liquidity and to fund strong loan demand, the Bank and Commercial Bank (the Banks accept brokered certificates of deposits, generally in denominations of less than
 250,000, from national brokerage networks, including through IntraFi s one-way CDARS and ICS products. The Banks can place and obtain brokered deposits from a national brokerage network and IntraFi up to 10 
 of total deposits form each broker based on policy. Both Banks have available funds from the IntraFi one-way CDARS and ICS deposits in the combined amount of 243.7 million per
 policy, which both had zero outstanding at June 30, 2023. Additionally, both Banks participate in the CDARS and the ICS IntraFi products, which provides for reciprocal two-way transactions among other institutions facilitated by IntraFi
 for the purpose of maximizing FDIC insurance for depositors. The Bank also has available funds from a national brokerage network in the amount of 243.7 million per policy, which there was 60.0 million outstanding
 at June 30, 2023. 

The Company monitors its liquidity position on a daily basis. Excess short-term liquidity is usually invested in interest-earning deposits with the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. In the event the Company
 requires funds beyond its ability to generate them internally, additional sources of funds are available through the use of FHLB advance programs made available to The Bank of Greene County. During the year ended June 30, 2023, The Bank of
 Greene County s maximum borrowing from the FHLB reached 136.0 million. As of the year ended June 30, 2023, there were no borrowings outstanding with the FHLB. The liquidity position can be significantly impacted on a daily basis by funding
 needs associated with Greene County Commercial Bank. These funding needs are also impacted by the collection of taxes and state aid for the municipalities using the services of Greene County Commercial Bank. At June 30, 2023, liquidity measures
 were as follows:

Cash equivalents/(deposits plus short term borrowings)

8.06

(Cash equivalents plus unpledged securities)/(deposits plus short term borrowings)

8.33

(Cash equivalents plus unpledged securities plus additional borrowing capacity)/(deposits plus short term borrowings)

23.34

39 

Index 

Off-balance sheet arrangements. In the normal course of business the Company is party to certain financial instruments, which in accordance with
 accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, are not included in its Consolidated Statements of Condition. These transactions include commitments to fund new loans and unused portions of lines of credit and are undertaken to
 accommodate the financing needs of the Company s customers. Loan commitments are agreements by the Company to lend monies at a future date. These loan commitments are subject to the same credit policies and reviews as the Company s loans. Because
 most of these loan commitments expire within one year from the date of issue, the total amount of these loan commitments as of June 30, 2023, are not necessarily indicative of future cash requirements.

The Company s unfunded loan commitments and unused lines of credit are as follows at June 30, 2023 and 2022:

(In thousands)

2023

2022

Unfunded loan commitments

124,498

213,420

Unused lines of credit

94,898

85,971

Standby letters of credit

179

189

Total commitments

219,575

299,580

The Company anticipates that it will have sufficient funds available to meet current loan commitments. Certificates of deposit scheduled to mature in one year or less from June 30, 2023 totaled 116.0 million. 
 Based upon the Company s experience and its current pricing strategy, management believes that a significant portion of such deposits will remain with the Company.

The Company has an Irrevocable Letter of Credit Reimbursement Agreement with the FHLB, whereby upon The Bank of Greene County s request, on behalf of Greene County Commercial Bank, an irrevocable letter of credit
 is issued to secure municipal transactional deposit accounts. These letters of credit are secured by residential and commercial real estate mortgage loans. The amount of funds available to the Company through the FHLB line of credit is reduced
 by any letters of credit outstanding. There were 110.0 million in municipal letters of credit outstanding at June 30, 2023.

The Company has risk participation agreements RPAs which are guarantees issued by the Company to other parties for a fee, whereby the Company agrees to participate in the credit risk of a derivative customer of
 the other party. Under the terms of these agreements, the participating bank receives a fee from the lead bank in exchange for the guarantee of reimbursement if the customer defaults on an interest rate swap. The interest rate swap is
 transacted such that any and all exchanges of interest payments (favorable and unfavorable) are made between the lead bank and the customer. In the event that an early termination of the swap occurs and the customer is unable to make a required
 close out payment, the participating bank assumes that obligation and is required to make this payment. RPAs where the Company acts as the lead bank are referred to as participations-out, in reference to the credit risk associated with the
 customer derivatives being transferred out of the Company. Participations-out generally occur concurrently with the sale of new customer derivatives. The Company had no participations-out at June 30, 2023 or 2022. RPAs where the Company acts as
 the participating bank are referred to as participations-in, in reference to the credit risk associated with the counterparty s derivatives being assumed by the Company. The Company s maximum credit exposure is based on its proportionate share
 of the settlement amount of the referenced interest rate swap. Settlement amounts are generally calculated based on the fair value of the swap plus outstanding accrued interest receivables from the customer. There was no credit exposure
 associated with risk participations-ins as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 due to the rise in interest rate. The RPAs participations-ins are spread out over four financial institution counterparties and terms range between 4 to 14 years.

Capital Resources. The Company and the Bank considers current needs and future growth, with the sources of capital being
 the retention of earnings, less dividends paid, and proceeds from the issuance of subordinated debt. The Company believes its current capital is adequate to support ongoing operations. As a result of the consistent earnings throughout
 the fiscal year, the Company did not push down any additional capital to The Bank of Greene County during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. At June 30, 2023 and 2022, The Bank of Greene County and Greene County Commercial Bank exceeded all of
 their regulatory capital requirements, as illustrated in Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 17. Regulatory Matters of this Annual Report. Shareholders equity represented
 6.8 and 6.1 of total consolidated assets at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively.

IMPACT OF INFLATION AND CHANGING PRICES

The consolidated financial statements of Greene County Bancorp, Inc. and notes thereto, presented elsewhere herein, have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, which require
 the measurement of financial position and operating results in terms of historical dollars without considering the change in the relative purchasing power of money over time and due to inflation. The impact of inflation is reflected in the
 increased cost of Greene County Bancorp, Inc. s operations. Unlike most industrial companies, nearly all the assets and liabilities of Greene County Bancorp, Inc. are monetary. As a result, interest rates have a greater impact on Greene County
 Bancorp, Inc. s performance than do the effects of general levels of inflation. Interest rates do not necessarily move in the same direction or to the same extent as the price of goods and services.

40 

Index 

IMPACT OF RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

Recent accounting pronouncements which may impact the Company s financial statements are discussed within Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 1 Summary of significant accounting policies of this Annual Report.

ITEM 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

While the Company s loan portfolio is subject to risks associated with the local economy, the Company s most significant form of market risk is interest rate risk because most of the Company s assets and
 liabilities are sensitive to changes in interest rates. The Company s assets consist primarily of mortgage loans, which have longer maturities than the Company s liabilities, which consist primarily of deposits. The Company does not engage in
 any derivative-based hedging transactions, such as interest rate swaps and caps. Due to the complex nature and additional risk often associated with derivative hedging transactions, such as counterparty risk, it is the Company s policy to
 continue its strategy of mitigating interest rate risk through balance sheet composition. The Company s interest rate risk management program focuses primarily on evaluating and managing the composition of the Company s assets and liabilities in
 the context of various interest rate scenarios. Tools used to evaluate and manage interest rate risk include measuring net interest income sensitivity NII ), economic value of equity EVE sensitivity and GAP analysis. These standard
 interest rate risk measures are described more fully below. Factors beyond management s control, such as market interest rates and competition, also have an impact on interest income and interest expense.

In recent years, the Company has followed the following strategies to manage interest rate risk:

(i) 

maintaining a high level of liquid interest-earning assets such as short-term interest-earning deposits and various investment securities;

(ii) 

maintaining a high concentration of less interest-rate sensitive and lower-costing core deposits;

(iii) 

originating consumer installment loans that have up to five-year terms but that have significantly shorter average lives due to early prepayments;

(iv) 

originating adjustable-rate commercial real estate mortgage loans and commercial loans; and

(v) 

where possible, matching the funding requirements for fixed-rate residential mortgages with lower-costing core deposits.

By investing in liquid securities, which can be sold to take advantage of interest rate shifts, and originating adjustable rate commercial real estate and commercial loans with shorter average durations, the
 Company believes it is better positioned to react to changes in market interest rates. Investments in short-term securities, however, generally bear lower yields than longer-term investments. Thus, these strategies may result in lower levels of
 interest income than would be obtained by investing in longer-term fixed-rate investments.

Net Interest Income Analysis. One of the most significant measures of interest risk is net interest income sensitivity NII ). NII is the measurement
 of the sensitivity of the Company s net interest income to changes in interest rates and is computed for instantaneous rate shocks and a series of rate ramp assumptions. The net interest income sensitivity can be viewed as the exposure to changes
 in interest rates in the balance sheet as of the report date. The net interest income sensitivity measure does not take into account any future change to the balance sheet. The Company has a relatively low level of NII sensitivity and is well
 within policy limits in all positive rate shock scenarios. This means that the Company s income exposure to rising rates is projected to be relatively low. The Company s largest risk is a declining rate environment.

The analysis of NII sensitivity is limited by the fact that it does not take into account any future changes in the balance sheet. Therefore, the Company also performs dynamic modeling which utilizes a projected
 balance sheet and income statement based on budget and planning assumptions and then stress tests those projections in various economic environments and interest rate scenarios. In each economic scenario that is modeled, assumptions pertaining to
 growth volumes, income, expenses and asset quality are adjusted based on what the likely impact of the economic scenario will be. By incorporating the Company s financial projections into the analysis, the Company can better understand the
 impact that the implementation of those plans would have on its overall interest rate risk, and thereby better manage its interest rate risk position.

EVE Analysis. Economic value of equity EVE is defined as the present value of all future asset cash flows less the present value of all future
 liability cash flows, or an estimate of the value of the entire balance sheet. The EVE measure is limited in that it does not take into account any future change to the balance sheet. The following table presents the Company s EVE. The EVE table
 indicates the market value of assets less the market value of liabilities at each specific rate shock environment. These calculations were based upon assumptions believed to be fundamentally sound, although they may vary from assumptions utilized
 by other financial institutions. The information set forth below is based on data that included all financial instruments as of June 30, 2023. Assumptions made by the Company relate to interest rates, loan prepayment rates, core deposit
 duration, and the market values of certain assets and liabilities under the various interest rate scenarios. Actual maturity dates were used for fixed rate loans and certificate accounts. Securities were scheduled at either maturity date or
 next scheduled call date based upon judgment of whether the particular security would be called based upon the current interest rate environment, as it existed on June 30, 2023. Variable rate loans were scheduled as of their next scheduled
 interest rate repricing date. Additional assumptions made in the preparation of the EVE table include prepayment rates on loans and mortgage-backed securities. For each interest-bearing core deposit category, a discounted cash flow based upon
 the decay of each category was calculated and a discount rate applied based on the FHLB fixed rate advance term nearest the average life of the category. The noninterest-bearing category does not use a decay assumption, and the 24 month FHLB
 advance rate was used as the discount rate. The EVE at Par represents the difference between the Company s estimated value of assets and value of liabilities assuming no change in interest rates.

41 

Index 

The following sets forth the Company s EVE as of June 30, 2023.

Changes in Market Interest Rates (Basis Points)

(Dollars in thousands)

Company EVE

Change From 

 Par

Change From 

 Par

EVE Ratio 1 

Change 2 

+300 bp 

169,423

(107,872

(38.90

7.15

(357

bps

+200 bp 

201,050

(76,245

(27.50

8.25

(247

+100 bp 

239,443

(37,852

(13.65

9.54

(118

PAR

277,295

-

-

10.72

-

-100 bp 

313,201

35,906

12.95

11.73

101

1 

Calculated as the estimated EVE divided by the present value of total assets.

2 

Calculated as the excess (deficiency) of the EVE ratio assuming the indicated change in interest rates over the estimated EVE ratio assuming no change in interest rates.

In the current rising interest rate environment, EVE sensitivity has increased across the industry, as loans and investments were originated and purchased during the historically low rate environment. As the
 Federal Reserve s monetary policy has been to raise interest rates in response to the inflationary pressure, the loans and investments have lost market value. EVE sensitivity will continue to increase if rates continue to rise resulting in loans
 and investments losing further market value. As investments and loans mature, and the funds are reinvested at higher interest rates, the EVE sensitivity should improve. The Company s EVE modeling projects that as of the reporting date and in
 response to an instantaneous rate increase of +200 bp and +300 bp, the EVE is outside of the Company s policy limits. This contemplates an instantaneous rate shock, and would result from the increase in interest rates and the impact it has on the
 assets and the short-term nature of the Company s liabilities. Management will continue to monitor the EVE sensitivity and has taken corrective action by purchasing short-term investments over the fiscal year 2023, which improved the ratios.

Certain shortcomings are inherent in the methodology used in the above interest rate risk measurements. Modeling changes in EVE require the making of certain assumptions that may or may not reflect the manner in
 which actual yields and costs respond to changes in market interest rates.

Gap Analysis. The matching of assets and liabilities may be analyzed by examining the extent to which such assets and liabilities are interest rate
 sensitive and by monitoring a company s interest rate sensitivity gap. An asset or liability is deemed to be interest rate sensitive within a specific time period if it will mature or reprice within that time period. The interest rate
 sensitivity gap is defined as the difference between the amount of interest-earning assets maturing or repricing within a specific time period and the amount of interest-bearing liabilities maturing or repricing within that same time period. A
 gap is considered positive when the amount of interest rate sensitive assets exceeds the amount of interest rate sensitive liabilities. A gap is considered negative when the amount of interest rate sensitive liabilities exceeds the amount of
 interest rate sensitive assets. Accordingly, during a period of rising interest rates, an institution with a negative gap position generally would not be in as favorable a position, compared with an institution with a positive gap, to invest in
 higher-yielding assets. The resulting yield on the institution s assets generally would increase at a slower rate than the increase in its cost of interest-bearing liabilities. Conversely, during a period of falling interest rates, an institution
 with a negative gap would tend to experience a repricing of its assets at a slower rate than its interest-bearing liabilities which, consequently, would generally result in its net interest income growing at a faster rate than an institution with
 a positive gap position. At June 30, 2023, the Company s cumulative one-year and three-year gap positions, the difference between the amount of interest-earning assets maturing or repricing within one year and three years and interest-bearing
 liabilities maturing or repricing within one year and three years, as a percentage of total interest-earning assets were positive 16.29 and 7.75 respectively.

Certain shortcomings are inherent in this method of analysis. For example, although certain assets and liabilities may have similar maturities or periods to repricing, they may react in different degrees to changes
 in market interest rates. It should also be noted that interest-bearing core deposit categories, which have no stated maturity date, have an assumed decay rate applied to create a cash flow on those deposit categories for gap purposes. Also, the
 interest rates on certain types of assets and liabilities may fluctuate in advance of changes in market interest rates, while interest rates on other types may lag behind changes in market rates. Additionally, certain assets such as
 adjustable-rate loans have features that restrict changes in interest rates both on a short-term basis and over the life of the asset. Further, in the event of changes in interest rates, prepayment and early withdrawal levels would likely deviate
 significantly from those assumed in calculating the table. Finally, the ability of many borrowers to service their adjustable-rate loans may decrease in the event of an interest rate increase.

42 

Index 

ITEM 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL

OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

The management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company s internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance
 to the Company s management and board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published consolidated financial statements.

All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial
 statement preparation and presentation.

The Company s management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023. In making this assessment, it used the criteria set forth by the Committee of
 Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessment, we believe that, as of June 30, 2023, the Company s internal control
 over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria.

/s/ Donald E. Gibson

/s/ Michelle Plummer

Donald E. Gibson

Michelle Plummer, CPA, CGMA

President and Chief Executive Officer

Senior Executive Vice President,

 Chief Operating Officer and

 Chief Financial Officer

43 

Index 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and

Shareholders of Greene County Bancorp, Inc.

Catskill, New York

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition of Greene County Bancorp, Inc. (the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of income,
 comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended June 30, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the
 consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period
 ended June 30, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, based on
 criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), and our report dated September 8, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion.

Basis for Opinion

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public
 accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and
 the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of
 material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to
 those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
 management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matters

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee
 and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter
 in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to
 which they relate.

44 

Index 

Critical Audit Matters (Continued)

Allowance for Loan Losses Qualitative Factor Component

The allowance for loan losses as of June 30, 2023 was 21.2 million. As described in Notes 1 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the allowance for loan losses is established through a
 provision for loan losses and represents an amount which, in management s judgement, will be adequate to absorb losses on existing loans. The level of the allowance is based on management s evaluation of the collectability of the loan portfolio,
 including the nature of the portfolio, credit concentrations, trends in historical loss experience, specific impaired loans, payment status of the loan and economic conditions.

The allowance consists of specific and general components in the amounts of 2.0 million and 19.2 million, respectively. Specific reserves estimate potential losses on identified impaired loans
 with uncertain collectability of principal and interest. The general component covers pools of loans by loan class including commercial loans not considered impaired, as well as smaller balance homogeneous loans, such as residential real estate,
 home equity, and other consumer loans. These pools of loans are evaluated for loss exposure based upon historical loss rates for each of these categories of loans, adjusted for qualitative risk factors. The general component is calculated using a
 systematic methodology with both a quantitative and a qualitative analysis that is applied on a quarterly basis. For purposes of the allowance methodology, the loan portfolio is segmented as described in Note 4. Each segment has a distinct set of
 risk characteristics monitored by management. Risk is further assessed and monitored and determined at a more disaggregated level, which includes the risk grading system as described in Note 4 under Credit Quality Indicators.

To determine the general component of the allowance the Company applies the historical loss rate to pools of loans with similar risk characteristics. After consideration of the historic loss
 analysis, management applies additional qualitative adjustments so that the allowance for loan losses is reflective of the estimate of incurred losses that exist in the loan portfolio at the statement of financial condition date. Qualitative
 adjustments are made if the incurred loan losses inherent in the loan portfolio are not fully captured in the historical loss analysis. Qualitative considerations include changes in underwriting standards and policies; changes in market and
 economy; changes in nature volume and terms, experience; changes in the ability and depth of lending management and staff; changes in volume of delinquency and non-accruals; changes in the quality of the loan review system; changes in collateral,
 changes in concentrations of credit; and other external factors.

The evaluation of the qualitative factors requires a significant amount of judgement by management and involves a high degree of subjectivity. We identified the qualitative factor component of
 the allowance for loan losses as a critical audit matter as auditing the underlying qualitative factors required significant auditor judgment as amounts determined by management rely on analysis that is highly subjective and includes
 significant estimation uncertainty.

Our audit procedures related to the qualitative factors included the following, among others:

Assessing management s methodology and considering whether relevant risks were reflected in the modeled provision and whether adjustments to modeled calculations were appropriate.

Evaluating the completeness and accuracy of data inputs used as a basis for the adjustments relating to qualitative general reserve factors and considering whether the sources of data and factors that management
 used in forming the assumptions are relevant, reliable, and sufficient for the purpose based on the information gathered.

Evaluating the reasonableness of management s judgments related to the qualitative and quantitative assessment of the data used in the determination of the general reserve qualitative adjustments for consistency
 with each other, the supporting data, relevant historical data, and industry data.

Analytically evaluating the qualitative adjustment in the current year compared to prior years for directional consistency and reasonableness.

Testing the calculations used by management to translate the assumptions and key factors into the allowance estimated amount.

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018.

/s/ Bonadio Co., LLP

Pittsford, New York

September 8, 2023

45 

Index 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Board of Directors and

Shareholders of Greene County Bancorp, Inc.

Catskill, New York

Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited Greene County Bancorp, Inc. s (the Company s) internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee
 of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal
 Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated statements of financial condition and the related consolidated statements of
 income, comprehensive income, shareholders equity, and cash flows of the Company, and our report dated September 8, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion.

Basis for Opinion

The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the
 accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered
 with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting
 was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and
 evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a
 reasonable basis for our opinion.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
 accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
 reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
 principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
 unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk
 that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ 

September 8, 2023

46 

Index 

Greene County Bancorp, Inc.

Consolidated Statements of
 Financial Condition

As of June 30, 2023 and 2022

(In thousands, except share and per share amounts)

ASSETS

2023 

2022

Total cash and cash equivalents

Long-term certificates of deposit

Securities available-for-sale, at fair value

Securities held-to-maturity, at amortized cost (fair value at June 30, 2023 ; at June 30, 2022 

Equity securities, at fair value

Federal Home Loan Bank stock, at cost

Gross loans receivable 

Allowance for loan losses

Unearned origination fees and costs, net

Net loans receivable

Premises and equipment, net

Bank-owned life insurance

Accrued interest receivable

Foreclosed real estate

Prepaid expenses and other assets

Total assets

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY

Noninterest bearing deposits

Interest bearing deposits

Total deposits

Borrowings from Federal Home Loan Bank, short-term

Subordinated notes payable, net

Accrued expenses and other liabilities

Total liabilities

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY

Preferred stock, Authorized - shares; Issued - 

Common stock, par value per share; Authorized - shares; Issued 
 shares at June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 Outstanding shares at June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 

Additional paid-in capital

Retained earnings

Accumulated other comprehensive loss

Treasury stock, at cost shares at June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 

Total shareholders equity

Total liabilities and shareholders equity

See notes to consolidated financial statements

47 

Index 

Greene County Bancorp, Inc.

Consolidated Statements of
 Income

For the Years Ended June 30, 2023
 and 2022

(In thousands, except share and per share amounts)

2023 

2022

Interest income:

Loans

Investment securities - taxable

Mortgage-backed securities

Investment securities - tax exempt

Interest-bearing deposits and federal funds sold

Total interest income

Interest expense:

Interest on deposits

Interest on borrowings

Total interest expense

Net interest income

Provision for loan losses

Net interest income after provision for loan losses

Noninterest income:

Service charges on deposit accounts

Debit card fees

Investment services

E-commerce fees

Bank owned life insurance

Net loss on securities available-for-sale 

Other operating income

Total noninterest income

Noninterest expense:

Salaries and employee benefits

Occupancy expense

Equipment and furniture expense

Service and data processing fees

Computer software, supplies and support

Advertising and promotion

FDIC insurance premiums

Legal and professional fees

Other

Total noninterest expense

Income before provision for income taxes

Provision for income taxes

Net income

Basic earnings per share

Basic average shares outstanding

Diluted earnings per share

Diluted average shares outstanding

Dividends per share

See notes to consolidated financial statements

48 

Index 

Greene County Bancorp, Inc.

Consolidated Statements of
 Comprehensive Income

For the Years ended June 30, 2023
 and 2022

(In thousands)

2023 

2022

Net Income

Other comprehensive loss:

Unrealized holding losses on securities available-for-sale, gross

Tax effect

Unrealized holding losses on securities available-for-sale, net

Reclassification adjustment for loss on sale of securities available-for-sale realized in net income, gross 

Tax effect 

Reclassification adjustment for loss on sale of securities available-for-sale realized in net income,
 net 

Pension actuarial gain, gross

Tax effect

Pension actuarial gain, net

Amortization of pension actuarial losses recognized in salaries and benefits, gross

Tax effect

Amortization of pension actuarial losses recognized in salaries and benefits, net

Total other comprehensive loss, net of taxes

Comprehensive income

See notes to consolidated financial statements

49 

Index 

Greene County Bancorp, Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Changes in
 Shareholders Equity 

For the Years Ended June 30, 2023
 and 2022

(In thousands)

Common 

 Stock

Additional 

 Paid-In 

 Capital

Retained 

 Earnings

Accumulated 

 Other 

 Comprehensive

 Loss

Treasury

 Stock

Total 

 Shareholders 

 Equity

Balance at June 30, 2021 

Dividends declared

Net income

Other comprehensive loss, net of taxes

Balance at June 30, 2022 

Dividends declared

Net income

Other comprehensive loss, net of taxes

Balance at June 30, 2023 

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

50 

Index 

Greene County Bancorp, Inc.

Consolidated Statements of
 Cash Flows 

For the Years Ended June 30, 2023
 and 2022

(In thousands)

2023 

2022 

Cash flows from operating activities:

Net Income

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities

Depreciation

Deferred income tax benefit

Net amortization of investment premiums and discounts

Net amortization (accretion) of deferred loan costs and fees

Amortization of subordinated debt issuance costs

Provision for loan losses

Bank owned life insurance income

Net loss on sale of securities available-for-sale 

Net (gain) loss on equity securities

Net loss (gain) on sale of foreclosed real estate

Net decrease in accrued income taxes

Net increase in accrued interest receivable

Net decrease in prepaid expenses and other assets

Net increase in accrued expenses and other liabilities

Net cash provided by operating activities

Cash flows from investing activities:

Securities available-for-sale:

Proceeds from maturities

Proceeds from sale of securities 

Purchases of securities

Principal payments on securities

Securities held-to-maturity:

Proceeds from maturities

Purchases of securities

Principal payments on securities

Net redemption (purchase) of Federal Home Loan Bank Stock

Purchase of long term certificate of deposit

Maturity of long term certificate of deposit

Purchase of bank owned life insurance

Net increase in loans receivable

Proceeds from sale of foreclosed real estate

Purchases of premises and equipment

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities

Cash flows from financing activities:

Net (decrease) increase in short-term FHLB advances

Net decrease in short-term advances from other banks

Net proceeds from subordinated notes payable

Payment of cash dividends

Net increase in deposits

Net cash provided by financing activities

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year

Non-cash investing activities:

Foreclosed loans transferred to other real estate

Cash paid during period for:

Interest

Income taxes

See notes to consolidated financial statements

51 

Index 

Greene County Bancorp, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

-for-1
 stock split in the form of a stock dividend on its outstanding shares of common stock. All share and per share data throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the stock split. The shares of common
 stock retain a par value of per share. Accordingly, an amount equal to the par value of the increased shares resulting from
 the stock split, , was reclassified from Additional paid-in capital to Common stock .

full-service offices and an operations center located in its market area consisting of the Hudson Valley and Capital District Regions of New York State. The Bank is
 primarily engaged in the business of attracting deposits from the general public in the Bank s market area, and investing such deposits, together with other sources of funds, in loans and investment securities. The Commercial Bank s primary
 business is to attract deposits from, and provide banking services to, local municipalities. Greene Property Holdings, Ltd. was formed as a New York corporation that has elected under the Internal Revenue Code to be a real estate investment
 trust. Currently, certain mortgages and loan notes held by the Bank are transferred and beneficially owned by Greene Property Holdings, Ltd. The Bank continues to service these loans. 

52 

Index 

million and million, respectively.

53 

Index 

and all trouble debt restructured loans individually for impairment, if it is probable that the Company will not be able to collect scheduled payments of principal and interest when due, according to the contractual terms of the loan
 agreements. The measurement of impaired loans is generally based on the fair value of the underlying collateral, less estimated costs to sell. The majority of the Company s loans, including most nonaccrual loans, are small homogeneous loan
 types adequately supported by collateral. As a result, the level of impaired loans may only be a portion of nonaccrual loans. Loans that are delinquent or slow paying may not be impaired. Management considers the payment status of loans in
 the process of evaluating the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses among other factors. Based on this evaluation, a delinquent loan s risk rating may be downgraded to either pass-watch, special mention, or substandard, and the
 allocation of the allowance for loan loss is based upon the risk associated with such designation.

54 

Index 

days or more. Any unpaid interest previously accrued on these loans is reversed from income. When
 a loan is specifically determined to be impaired, collection of interest and principal are generally applied as a reduction to principal outstanding until the collection of the remaining balance is reasonably assured. Interest income on all
 nonaccrual loans is recognized on a cash basis.

years for building and improvements, - years for furniture and equipment). Maintenance and repairs are
 typically charged to expense when incurred. Gains and losses from sales or other dispositions of premises and equipment are included in consolidated results of operations. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the lesser of the related
 terms of the leases or their useful life.

shares of its common stock. Repurchases are made at management s discretion at prices management considers to be attractive and in the best interests of both the Company and
 its stockholders, subject to the availability of stock, general market conditions, the trading price of the stock, alternative uses for capital, and the Company s financial performance. As of June 30, 2023, the Company had repurchased a total
 of shares of the 
 shares authorized by the repurchase program.

55 

Index 

other-than-temporary impairment charge was recorded during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022.

,000 and ,000 for the years
 ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively.

56 

Index 

57 

Index 

58 

Index 

reserve requirement included in cash and due from banks at June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022.

categories: short-, intermediate- and long-term. The emphasis of this approach is to increase overall investment securities yields while managing interest rate
 risk. The Company will only invest in high quality securities as determined by management s analysis at the time of purchase. The Company generally does not engage in any derivative or hedging transactions, such as interest rate swaps or
 caps.

59 

Index 

U.S. treasury securities

State and political subdivisions

Mortgage-backed securities-residential

Mortgage-backed securities-multi-family

Corporate debt securities

Total securities available-for-sale

Securities held-to-maturity:

U.S. treasury securities

State and political subdivisions

Mortgage-backed securities-residential

Mortgage-backed securities-multi-family

Corporate debt securities

Other securities

Total securities held-to-maturity

Total securities

U.S. treasury securities

State and political subdivisions

Mortgage-backed securities-residential

Mortgage-backed securities-multi-family

Corporate debt securities

Total securities available-for-sale

Securities held-to-maturity:

U.S. treasury securities

State and political subdivisions

Mortgage-backed securities-residential

Mortgage-backed securities-multi-family

Corporate debt securities

Other securities

Total securities held-to-maturity

Total securities

60 

Index 

U.S. treasury securities

State and political subdivisions

Mortgage-backed securities-residential

Mortgage-backed securities-multi-family

Corporate debt securities

Total securities available-for-sale

Securities held-to-maturity:

U.S. treasury securities

State and political subdivisions

Mortgage-backed securities-residential

Mortgage-backed securities-multi-family

Corporate debt securities

Total securities held-to-maturity

Total securities

U.S. treasury securities

State and political subdivisions

Mortgage-backed securities-residential

Mortgage-backed securities-multi-family

Corporate debt securities

Total securities available-for-sale

Securities held-to-maturity:

U.S. treasury securities

State and political subdivisions

Mortgage-backed securities-residential

Mortgage-backed securities-multi-family

Corporate debt securities

Total securities held-to-maturity

Total securities

61 

Index 

transfers of securities
 available-for-sale to held-to-maturity during the year ended June 30, 2023 or 2022. During the year ended June 30, 2023, a loss of ,000

was recognized from a sale of security available-for-sale. The proceeds were used to fund higher-yielding loans. During the
 year ended June 30, 2022 there were sales of securities and gains or losses recognized. There were 
 other-than-temporary impairment losses recognized during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022.

After one year through five years

After five years through ten years

After ten years

Total securities available-for-sale 

Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities

Total securities available-for-sale 

Securities held-to-maturity 

Within one year

After one year through five years

After five years through ten years

After ten years

Total securities held-to-maturity 

Mortgage-backed securities

Total securities held-to-maturity 

Total securities

million and million were pledged as collateral
 for deposits in excess of FDIC insurance limits for various municipalities placing deposits with the Commercial Bank. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, securities with an aggregate fair value of million and million, respectively, were pledged
 as collateral for potential borrowings at the Federal Reserve Bank discount window and the Bank Term Funding Program. The Company did not participate in any securities lending programs during the years ended June 30, 2023 or 2022.

Residential construction and land

Multi-family

Commercial real estate:

Commercial real estate

Commercial construction

Consumer loan:

Home equity

Consumer installment

Commercial loans

Total gross loans

Allowance for loan losses

Deferred cost and fees, net 

Loans receivable, net

62 

Index 

million and 
 million of its residential and commercial mortgage portfolios at June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively.

segments within
 its loan portfolio that it considers when measuring credit quality: residential real estate loans, commercial real estate loans, consumer loans and commercial loans. The residential real estate portfolio consists of residential,
 construction, and multi-family loan classes. Commercial real estate loans consist of commercial real estate and commercial construction loan classes. Consumer loans consist of home equity loan and consumer installment loan classes. The
 inherent risk within the loan portfolio varies depending upon each of these loan types.

of the appraised value of the property. In the event of default by the borrower the Company will acquire and liquidate the underlying
 collateral. By originating the loan at a loan-to-value ratio of or less, the Company limits its risk of loss in the event
 of default. However, the market values of the collateral may be adversely impacted by declines in the economy. Home equity loans may have an additional inherent risk if the Company does not hold the first mortgage. The Company may stand in
 a secondary position in the event of collateral liquidation resulting in a greater chance of insufficiency to meet all obligations.

63 

Index 

Residential construction and land

Multi-family

Commercial real estate

Commercial construction

Home equity

Consumer installment

Commercial loans

Total gross loans

Residential construction and land

Multi-family

Commercial real estate

Commercial construction

Home equity

Consumer installment

Commercial loans

Total gross loans

64 

Index 

loans classified doubtful
 or loss at June 30, 2023 or June 30, 2022. During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company further downgraded commercial real estate, commercial loans, and residential loans from pass and special mention to substandard due to deterioration
 in borrower cash flows, delinquent payments and further financial deterioration or not improving financial performance. Management continues to monitor these loan relationships closely. In total, there were commercial real estate loan relationships, 
 commercial loan relationship and residential loans that have been downgraded to substandard, and there were commercial real estate loan relationships, 
 commercial loan relationship and residential loans that have been downgraded to special mention during the year ended June 30,
 2023. At June 30, 2023, these loans were all performing. The Company upgraded commercial real estate relationship and residential loan to pass, and 
 commercial real estate relationship to special mention during the year ended June 30, 2023. This was due to improvements in cash flows, timely payments and improving financial performance. 

Commercial real estate

Commercial loans

For the year ended June 30, 2022

Consumer Installment

commercial real estate loan relationships and commercial loan relationship that have been downgraded to substandard, and there were commercial real estate loan relationships and commercial loan relationship that have been
 downgraded to special mention during the year ended June 30, 2022. At June 30, 2022, these loans were all performing. 

loans that had been modified
 as a troubled debt restructuring during the twelve months prior to June 30, 2022 or 2021, which have subsequently defaulted during the twelve months ended June 30, 2023 or 2022. There was commercial loan in the amount of ,000 that had been
 modified as a troubled debt restructuring during the three months ended September 30, 2022 that subsequently defaulted during the quarter ended March 31, 2023.

million at June 30, 2023 of which million were in the process of foreclosure. At June 30, 2023, there were residential real estate loans totaling ,000

and commercial real estate loans totaling million in the process of foreclosure. Included in nonaccrual loans were million of
 loans which were less than 90 days past due at June 30, 2023, but have a recent history of delinquency greater than 90 days past due. These loans will be returned to accrual status once they have demonstrated a history of timely payments. 
 Loans on nonaccrual status totaled million at June 30, 2022 of which ,000 were in the process of foreclosure. At June 30, 2022, there were 
 residential loans totaling ,000 and commercial real estate loan for ,000 in the process of foreclosure. Included in
 nonaccrual loans were million of loans which were less than 90 days past due at June 30, 2022, but have a recent history of
 delinquency greater than 90 days past due. These loans will be returned to accrual status once they have demonstrated a history of timely payments.

65 

Index 

Residential construction and land

Multi-family

Commercial real estate

Commercial construction

Home equity

Consumer installment

Commercial loans

Total gross loans

Residential construction and land

Multi-family

Commercial real estate

Commercial construction

Home equity

Consumer installment

Commercial loans

Total gross loans

accruing loans delinquent
 90 days or more at June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022. The borrowers have made arrangements with the Bank to bring the loans current within a specified time period and have made a series of payments as agreed.

and all trouble debt restructured loans are reviewed
 individually and considered impaired if it is probable that the Company will not be able to collect scheduled payments of principal and interest when due, according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. The measurement of impaired
 loans is generally based on the fair value of the underlying collateral. The majority of the Company s loans, including most nonaccrual loans, are small homogeneous loan types adequately supported by collateral. Management considers the
 payment status of loans in the process of evaluating the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses among other factors. Based on this evaluation, a delinquent loan s risk rating may be downgraded to either pass-watch, special mention, or
 substandard, and the allocation of the allowance for loan loss is based upon the risk associated with such designation.

66 

Index 

-

Commercial real estate

-

Home equity

-

Consumer installment 

- 

Commercial loans

-

Impaired loans with no allowance

-

With an allowance recorded:

Residential real estate

Commercial real estate

Home equity

Commercial Loans

Impaired loans with allowance

Total impaired:

Residential real estate

Commercial real estate

Home equity

Consumer installment 

Commercial loans

Total impaired loans

-

Commercial real estate

-

Home equity

-

Consumer installment 

- 

Commercial loans

-

Impaired loans with no allowance

-

With an allowance recorded:

Residential real estate

Commercial real estate

Commercial construction

Home equity

Commercial Loans

Impaired loans with allowance

Total impaired:

Residential real estate

Commercial real estate

Commercial construction

Home equity

Consumer installment 

Commercial loans

Total impaired loans

67 

Index 

and all trouble
 debt restructured loans individually for impairment, if it is probable that the Company will not be able to collect scheduled payments of principal and interest when due, according to the contractual terms of the loan agreements. Loans that
 are guaranteed, such as SBA loans, are excluded from the homogeneous pool of loans and no allowance is allocated to this segment of the portfolio. The measurement of impaired loans is generally based on the fair value of the underlying
 collateral. The Company charges loans off against the allowance for credit losses when it becomes evident that a loan cannot be collected within a reasonable amount of time or that it will cost the Company more than it will receive, and all
 possible avenues of repayment have been analyzed, including the potential of future cash flow, the value of the underlying collateral, and strength of any guarantors or co-borrowers. Generally, consumer loans and smaller business loans (not
 secured by real estate) in excess of days are charged-off against the allowance for loan losses, unless equitable
 arrangements are made. Included within consumer installment loan charge-offs and recoveries are deposit accounts that have been overdrawn in excess of days. With continued growth in the number of deposit accounts, charge-off activity within this category has also grown, as can be seen from the tables below. For loans secured by
 real estate, a charge-off is recorded when it is determined that the collection of all or a portion of a loan may not be collected and the amount of that loss can be reasonably estimated. The allowance for loan losses is increased by a
 provision for loan losses (which results in a charge to expense) and recoveries of loans previously charged off and is reduced by charge-offs.

Residential construction and land

Multi-family

Commercial real estate

Commercial construction

Home equity

Consumer installment

Commercial loans

Total

Residential construction and land

Multi-family

Commercial real estate

Commercial construction

Home equity

Consumer installment

Commercial loans

Total

68 

Index 

Residential construction and land

Multi-family

Commercial real estate

Commercial construction

Home equity

Consumer installment

Commercial loans

Total

Residential construction and land

Multi-family

Commercial real estate

Commercial construction

Home equity

Consumer installment

Commercial loans

Total

Commercial loans 

Total foreclosed real estate

Building and improvements

Furniture and equipment

Less: accumulated depreciation

Total premises and equipment

69 

Index 

Certificates of deposit

Savings deposits

Money market deposits

NOW deposits

Total deposits

million at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, which are included in savings deposits.

million in brokered deposits included within certificates of deposits as of June 30, 2023.

million for related-parties at June 30, 2023, which primarily consisted of directors and their affiliates.
 Relate-party deposits were not material at June 30, 2022.

Certificates of deposit 250,000 or more

Total certificates of deposit

million in brokered deposits at June 30, 2023.

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

million of its
 residential and commercial mortgage portfolios as collateral for borrowings and stand-by letters of credit at the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York FHLB ). The maximum amount of funding available from the FHLB was million at June 30, 2023, of which there was zero 
 short-term overnight borrowings and million in stand-by letters of credit outstanding at June 30, 2023. Interest rates on
 short-term borrowings are determined at the time of borrowing. There were long-term fixed rate, fixed term advances at June
 30, 2023. At June 30, 2022, the Bank had pledged approximately million of its residential and commercial mortgage
 portfolios as collateral for borrowings and stand-by letters of credit at the FHLB. The maximum amount of funding available from the FHLB was 
 million at June 30, 2022, of which million in short-term overnight borrowings and zero stand-by letters of credit outstanding at June 30,2022. Interest rates on short-term borrowings are determined at the time of borrowing.
 There were long-term fixed rate, fixed term advances at June 30, 2022. 

70 

Index 

million and zero , respectively, in stand-by letters of credit with the FHLB, which have been issued to secure municipal
 transactional deposit accounts, on behalf of Greene County Commercial Bank.

balances outstanding with the Federal Reserve Bank discount window.

million and other
 financial institutions for million. The Company has also established an unsecured line of credit with Atlantic Central
 Bankers Bank for million. The lines of credit provide for overnight borrowing and the interest rate is determined at the time
 of the borrowing. There were borrowings outstanding with Atlantic Central Bankers Bank or the other financial institutions at June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022.

qualified institutional investors, issued at 
 Fixed-to-Floating Rate due , in the aggregate principal amount of million, carried net of issuance costs of ,000
 amortized over a period of months. These notes are callable on September 15, 2025. At June 30, 2023, there were million of these SNPAs outstanding, net of issuance costs.

qualified institutional investors, issued at 
 Fixed-to-Floating Rate due , in the aggregate principal amount of million, carried net of issuance costs of ,000
 amortized over a period of months. These notes are callable on September 15, 2026. At June 30, 2023, there were million of these SNPAs outstanding, net of issuance costs.

long-term borrowings and therefore no scheduled maturities of long-term borrowings.

71 

Index 

Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassification, net of tax

Amortization of pension actuarial losses recognized in other expense

Tax expense effect recognized in provision for income taxes 

Net of tax

Other comprehensive (loss) income for the year ended June 30, 2022

Balance - June 30, 2022

Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassification, net of tax

Amounts reclassified to net loss on sale of securities available-for-sale non-interest income

Tax expense effect recognized in provision for income taxes 

Net of tax

Amortization of pension actuarial losses recognized in other expense

Tax expense effect recognized in provision for income taxes 

Net of tax

Other comprehensive (loss) income for the year ended June 30, 2023

Balance - June 30, 2023

are covered by the Pension Plan. Under the Pension Plan, retirement
 benefits are primarily a function of both years of service and level of compensation, at July 1, 2006. This defined benefit pension plan is accounted for in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 715 guidance on Compensation

Retirement Benefits, Defined Benefit Plans Pension , which requires the Company to recognize in its consolidated financial statements an asset for a plan s overfunded status or a liability for a plan s underfunded status. Changes
 in the funded status of the single-employer defined benefit pension plan are reported as a component of other comprehensive income, net of applicable taxes, in the year in which changes occur.

72 

Index 

Interest cost

Actuarial loss

Benefits paid

Benefit obligation at June 30

Change in fair value of plan assets:

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of period

Actual return (loss) on plan assets

Employer contributions

Benefits paid

Fair value of plan assets at June 30

(Overfunded) Underfunded status at June 30 included in other liabilities

Expected return on plan assets

Amortization of net loss

Effect of settlement 

Net periodic pension expense 

million and million at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively.

Deferred tax expense

Net change in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in other comprehensive income

Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of taxes:

Net losses and past service liability

73 

Index 

Net periodic pension expense:

Amortization period, in years

Discount rate

Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets

percent.

Mutual funds fixed income

Mutual funds equity

Total plan assets

consisting of short-term and intermediate-term fixed income bond funds and large cap value funds. This allocation is
 consistent with the Company s goal of preserving capital while achieving investment results that will contribute to the proper funding of pension obligations and cash flow requirements. Asset rebalancing is performed on a quarterly basis,
 with adjustments made when the investment mix varies by more than from the target.

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 - 2033 

of service. The plan includes Section 401(k) and thrift provisions as defined under the Internal Revenue Code. The provisions
 permit employees to contribute up to of their total compensation on a pre-tax basis. The Bank of Greene County matches
 employee contributions dollar for dollar for the first and then of the employee contributions up to the next 3 . The Company contributions associated with the contribution plan amounted to ,000 and ,000 in the years ended June 30, 2023 and
 2022, respectively.

of service. During the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Board of Directors authorized the payment of ,000 and ,000, respectively,
 to the ESOP trustee for the purposes of purchasing additional shares of stock to be allocated to employees as of December 2023 and 2022, respectively. ESOP expense was ,000 and ,000 for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022,
 respectively. There were unearned shares at June 30, 2023 or 2022.

74 

Index 

of his or her base salary and 
 of his or her annual bonus to the SERP Plan, subject to the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code Code ). In addition, the Bank may, but is not required to, make additional discretionary contributions to the executives 
 accounts from time to time. An executive becomes vested in the Bank s contributions after calendar years of service following
 the effective date of the SERP Plan, and is fully vested immediately for all deferral of salary and bonus. However, the Executive will vest in the present value of his or her account in the event of death, disability or a change in control of
 the Bank or the Company. In the event the executive is terminated involuntarily or resigns for good reason following a change in control, the present value of all remaining Bank contributions is accelerated and paid to the executive s
 account, subject to potential reduction to avoid an excess parachute payment under Code Section 280G. In the event of the executive s death, disability or termination within after a change in control, executive s account will be paid in a lump sum to the executive or his beneficiary, as applicable. In the event the executive is entitled to a
 benefit from the SERP Plan due to retirement or other termination of employment, the benefit will be paid in annual
 installments.

million and million, respectively, consisting primarily of
 service and interest costs. The total liability for the SERP was million and million as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively, and is included in accrued expenses and other liabilities.

and options authorized, of which, and options had been granted, respectively. The Plan is intended to provide benefits to employees and
 directors of the Company or any subsidiary as designated by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company Committee ). A phantom stock option represents the right to receive a cash payment on the date the award
 vests. The participant receives an amount equal to the positive difference between the strike price on the grant date and the book value of a share of the Company stock on the determination date, which is the last day of the plan year that
 is the end of the third plan year after the grant date of the award, unless otherwise specified by the Committee. The strike price will be the price established by the Committee, which will not be less than of the book value of a share on a specified date, as determined under generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) as of the last day of
 the quarter ending on or immediately preceding the valuation date with adjustments made, in the sole discretion of the Committee, to exclude accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). The liability for the phantom stock option plan is
 re-measured at each reporting period based on the difference between the strike price and the current period end book value per share of the Company s common stock, excluding accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). All share and per
 share data has been retroactively adjusted in all periods presented to reflect the -for-1 stock split, which was effected on
 March 23, 2023, as if the new share options had been granted at the same time as the original share options.

Options granted

Options forfeited

Options paid in cash upon vesting

Number of options outstanding at period end

Compensation expense recognized

75 

Index 

million and million at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and is included in accrued expenses and other liabilities.

anti-dilutive securities or contracts outstanding during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022.

-for-1
 stock split in the form of a stock dividend on its outstanding shares of common stock. Weighted-average number of shares and earnings per share have been retroactively adjusted in all periods presented as if the new shares had been issued and
 outstanding at the same time as the original shares. 

,000

,000

Weighted Average Shares Basic

Effect of Dilutive Stock Options

Weighted Average Shares Dilute

Earnings per share Basic

Earnings per share Diluted

State

Total current expense

Deferred benefit

Total provision for income taxes

State income taxes, net of federal benefit

Tax-exempt income

Captive insurance premium income

Other, net

Total income tax expense

76 

Index 

Pension benefits

Unrealized losses on securities 

Other benefit plans

Other 

Total deferred tax assets

Deferred tax liabilities:

Depreciation

Net loan costs

Real estate investment trust income

Pension benefits 

Other

Total deferred tax liabilities

Net deferred tax asset included in prepaid expenses and other assets

t
 have any uncertain tax positions. The Company does not expect to have any changes in unrecognized tax benefits as a result of settlements with taxing authorities during the next twelve months. At June 30, 2023, The Bank of Greene County had
 an unrecaptured pre-1988 Federal bad debt reserve of approximately million for which no Federal income tax provision has been
 made. A deferred tax liability has not been provided on this amount as management does not intend to redeem stock, make distributions or take other actions that would result in recapture of the reserve. As of June 30, 2023, tax years ended June 30, 2020 through June 30, 2022 , remain open and are subject to Federal and New York State taxing authority examination.

77 

Index 

Unused lines of credit

Standby letters of credit

Total commitments

million, (b) forgive, waive, and not collect an additional 
 in uncollected overdraft fees, and (c) cease collecting certain types of overdraft fees. On May 26, 2023, the Court preliminarily approved the class action settlement and set a final approval hearing for October 11, 2023. The Company
 established a settlement fund of million during the quarter ended June 30, 2023, which had been accrued for in the quarter
 ended December 31, 2022.

participations-out at June 30, 2023 or 2022. RPAs where the Company acts as the participating bank are referred to as participations-in, in reference to the credit risk associated with the
 counterparty s derivatives being assumed by the Company. The Company s maximum credit exposure is based on its proportionate share of the settlement amount of the referenced interest rate swap. Settlement amounts are generally calculated
 based on the fair value of the swap plus outstanding accrued interest receivables from the customer. There was credit
 exposure associated with risk participations-ins as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022. The current amount of credit exposure is spread out over 
 counterparties, and terms range between to years.

78 

Index 

Lease liabilities

Other information:

Operating outgoing cash flows from operating leases

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities

Variable lease cost

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter

Total undiscounted cash flow

Less net present value adjustment

Lease liability

Weighted-average discount rate

79 

Index 

U.S. Treasury securities

State and political subdivisions

Mortgage-backed securities-residential

Mortgage-backed securities-multi-family

Corporate debt securities

Securities available-for-sale

Equity securities

Total securities measured at fair value

80 

Index 

U.S. Treasury securities

State and political subdivisions

Mortgage-backed securities-residential

Mortgage-backed securities-multi-family

Corporate debt securities

Securities available-for-sale

Equity securities

Total securities measured at fair value

approaches to value: the sales comparison approach, the income approach (for income-producing property), and the cost approach. Management
 modifies the appraised values, if needed, to take into account recent developments in the market or other factors, such as, changes in absorption rates or market conditions from the time of valuation and anticipated sales values considering
 management s plans for disposition. Such modifications to the appraised values could result in lower valuations of such collateral. Estimated costs to sell are based on current amounts of disposal costs for similar assets. These measurements
 are classified as Level 3 within the valuation hierarchy. Impaired loans are subject to nonrecurring fair value adjustment upon initial recognition or subsequent impairment. A portion of the allowance for loan losses is allocated to impaired
 loans if the value of such loans is deemed to be less than the unpaid balance.

81 

Index 

Foreclosed real estate

June 30, 2022 

Impaired loans

Foreclosed real estate 

Appraisal of collateral (1) 

Appraisal adjustments (2) 

- 

Liquidation expenses (3) 

- 

Discounted cash flow 

Discount rate 

- 

Foreclosed real estate

Appraisal of collateral (1) 

Appraisal adjustments (2) 

Liquidation expenses (3) 

June 30, 2022 

Impaired Loans

Appraisal of collateral (1) 

Appraisal adjustments (2) 

- 

Liquidation expenses (3) 

- 

Discounted cash flow 

Discount rate 

- 

Foreclosed real estate

Appraisal of collateral (1) 

 Appraisal adjustments (2) 

82 

Index 

Long term certificate of deposit

Securities available-for-sale

Securities held-to-maturity

Equity securities

Federal Home Loan Bank stock

Net loans receivable

Accrued interest receivable

Deposits

Subordinated notes payable, net

Accrued interest payable

Long term certificate of deposit

Securities available-for-sale

Securities held-to-maturity

Equity securities

Federal Home Loan Bank stock

Net loans receivable

Accrued interest receivable

Deposits

Borrowings

Subordinated notes payable, net

Accrued interest payable

above the minimum to avoid restriction on capital distributions and certain discretionary
 bonus payments. Management believes that, as of June 30, 2023, The Bank of Greene County and Greene County Commercial Bank met all capital adequacy requirements to which they are subject.

83 

Index 

Tier 1 risk-based capital

Common equity tier 1 capital

Tier 1 leverage ratio 

As of June 30, 2022 :

Total risk-based capital

Tier 1 risk-based capital

Common equity tier 1 capital

Tier 1 leverage ratio

Greene County Commercial Bank 

As of June 30, 2023 :

Total risk-based capital

Tier 1 risk-based capital

Common equity tier 1 capital

Tier 1 leverage ratio

As of June 30, 2022 :

Total risk-based capital

Tier 1 risk-based capital

Common equity tier 1 capital

Tier 1 leverage ratio

84 

Index 

Investment in subsidiaries

Long-term certificates of deposit 

Securities available-for-sale, at fair value 

Accrued interest receivable

Prepaid expenses and other assets

Total assets

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY

Subordinated notes payable, net

Accrued expenses and other liabilities

Total liabilities

Total shareholders equity

Total liabilities and shareholders equity

Dividend distributed by subsidiary 

Interest-earning deposits

Other income 

Total Income

OPERATING EXPENSES:

Legal fees

Interest on borrowings

Other expense 

Total operating expenses

Net income

85 

Index 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities:

Undistributed earnings of subsidiaries

Amortization of subordinated debt issuance costs

Net (increase) decrease in prepaid expenses and other assets

Net decrease in dividend receivable

Net increase in total liabilities

Net cash provided by operating activities

Cash flows from Investing Activities:

Investment in subsidiary

Net cash transferred related to Greene Risk Management Inc. liquidation 

Net cash used by investing activities

Cash flows from financing activities:

Net decrease in short-term advances other banks

Net proceeds from subordinated notes payable

Payment of cash dividends

Net cash (used by) provided by financing activities

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year

, Greene County Bancorp, Inc.
 announced that its Board of Directors had approved a quarterly cash dividend of per share on the Company s common stock. The
 dividend reflects an annual cash dividend rate of per share which represents a increase from the previous annual cash dividend rate of 
 per share. The dividend was payable to stockholders of record as of , and was paid on . Greene County Bancorp, MHC does not intend to waive its receipt of this dividend.

86 

Index 

ITEM 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

The Proposal II - Ratification of Appointment of Auditors section of Greene County Bancorp, Inc. s 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 9A. 

Controls and Procedures 

Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure
 controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) at the end of the period covered by the report. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. There has been no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the Company s
 fourth quarter of the year ended June 30, 2023 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.

Management s report on internal control over financial reporting appears in Part II, Item 8 of this Report.

ITEM 9B. 

Other Information 

None.

ITEM 9C. 

Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 

None.

PART III 

ITEM 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The Proposal I - Election of Directors section of Greene County Bancorp, Inc. s definitive Proxy Statement for Greene County Bancorp, Inc. s 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the 2023 Proxy Statement is
 incorporated herein by reference.

The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics that is applicable to the Company s officers, directors and employees, including its principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer
 or controller, or persons performing similar functions. The Code of Ethics is available on the Company s website at www.tbogc.com . Amendments to and waivers from the Code of Ethics will also be disclosed on the Company s website.

ITEM 11. 

Executive Compensation 

The Proposal I - Election of Directors section of Greene County Bancorp, Inc. s 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The Proposal I - Election of Directors section of Greene County Bancorp, Inc. s 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 

The Transactions with Certain Related Persons section of Greene County Bancorp, Inc. s 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 14. 

Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The Proposal II - Ratification of Appointment of Auditors section of Greene County Bancorp, Inc. s 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.

87 

Index 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a)(1) 

The following financial statements and Reports of Bonadio Co., LLP are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K:

Reports of Bonadio Co., LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

Consolidated Statements of Condition as of June 30, 2023 and 2022

Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Unaudited Quarterly Financial Data

(a)(2) 

List of Financial Schedules

Not applicable

(a)(3) 

Exhibits

3.1

Greene County Bancorp, Inc. Stock Holding Company Charter as amended on January 19, 2023 (filed as Exhibit
 3.1 to Registrant s Form 10-Q, filed on February 10, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.2

Bylaws of Greene County Bancorp, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Current Report on
 Form 8-K filed on May 22, 2015) 

3.3

Amendment to Bylaws of Greene County Bancorp, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed on March 19, 2021) 

4.0

Form of Stock Certificate of Greene County Bancorp, Inc. (incorporation by reference to Exhibit 4.0 to the
 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed September 11, 2021) 

4.2

Description of Greene County Bancorp, Inc. Securities (incorporation by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the
 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed September 11, 2021) 

4.3

Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
 September 18, 2020) 

4.4

Subordinated Note 4.75 Fixed to Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due September 17, 2030 (incorporated by
 reference to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 18, 2020) 

4.5

Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
 September 16, 2021) 

4.6

Subordinated Note 3.00 Fixed to Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due September 15, 2031 (incorporated by
 reference to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 16, 2020) 

10.1

Employee Stock Ownership Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Greene County Bancorp, Inc. s SB-2) 

10.2

Employment agreement between the Registrant and Donald E. Gibson, and Michelle M. Plummer effective July 1,
 2007, as amended and incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Form 8-K (Exhibit 10.2 and 10.3) filed on December 2, 2008. 

10.3

Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, effective July 1, 2010, incorporated by reference from the
 Registrant s 2010 Proxy Statement filed on September 27, 2010. 

10.4

Greene County Bancorp, Inc. 2011 Phantom Stock Option and Long Term Incentive Plan, effective July 1, 2011, as amended
 and incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Form 8-K (Exhibit 10.1), filed on June 20, 2018. 

88 

Index 

21.

Subsidiaries of Greene County Bancorp, Inc. 

23.

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

31.1

Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section

302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2

Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section

302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1

Certification of Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 of 2002 

32.2

Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002 

101

The following materials from Greene County Bancorp, Inc. Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023, formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) the Consolidated Statements of Income,
 (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) related
 notes, tagged as blocks of text and in detail.

104

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded in the cover page formatted in Inline XBRL)

ITEM 16. 

Form 10-K Summary 

None.

89 

Index 

SIGNATURES

In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

GREENE COUNTY BANCORP, INC.

Date: September 8, 2023

By:

/s/ Donald E. Gibson 

Donald E. Gibson

President and Chief Executive Officer

In accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

By: /s/ Michelle M. Plummer 

Michelle M. Plummer, CPA, CGMA

Senior Executive Vice President,

Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer

Date: September 8, 2023

By: /s/ Jay P. Cahalan 

Jay P. Cahalan

Chairman of the Board

Date: September 8, 2023

By: /s/ David H. Jenkins 

David H. Jenkins, DVM

Director

Date: September 8, 2023

By: /s/ Peter W. Hogan, CPA 

Peter W. Hogan, CPA

Director

Date: September 8, 2023

By: /s/ Charles H. Schaefer 

Charles H. Schaefer

Director

Date: September 8, 2023

By: /s/ Stephen E. Nelson 

Stephen E. Nelson

Director

Date: September 8, 2023

By: /s/ Tejraj S. Hada 

Tejraj S. Hada

Director

Date: September 8, 2023

90 

<EX-21>
 2
 brhc20058553_ex21.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

EXHIBIT 21.

SUBSIDIARIES OF GREENE COUNTY BANCORP, INC.

Company 

State of Incorporation 

Percent Owned 

The Bank of Greene County

Federal

100 owned by Greene County Bancorp, Inc.

Greene County Commercial Bank

New York

100 owned by The Bank of Greene County

Greene Property Holdings, Ltd.

New York

100 owned by The Bank of Greene County

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 brhc20058553_ex23.htm
 EXHIBIT 23

EXHIBIT 23.

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-51538 on Form S-8 of our report dated September 8, 2023, appearing in this Annual
 Report on Form 10-K of Greene County Bancorp, Inc. relating to the consolidated financial statements and internal controls for the two years ended June 30, 2023.

/s/ Bonadio Co., LLP

 Pittsford, New York

 September 8, 2023

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 brhc20058553_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1

Certification of Chief Executive Officer

 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

I, Donald E. Gibson, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Greene County Bancorp, Inc.;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made,
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash
 flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have:

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

 d) d isclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors:

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: September 8, 2023

/s/ Donald E. Gibson 

Donald E. Gibson,

President and Chief Executive Officer

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 brhc20058553_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2

Certification of Chief Financial Officer

 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

I, Michelle M. Plummer, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Greene County Bancorp, Inc.;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of
 the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the consolidated
 financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have:

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
 ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
 effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

 d) d isclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
 audit committee of the registrant s board of directors:

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
 likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
 over financial reporting.

Date: September 8, 2023

/s/ Michelle M. Plummer 

Michelle M. Plummer, CPA, CGMA

Senior Executive Vice President,

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 brhc20058553_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1

Statement of Chief Executive Officer

 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

Donald E. Gibson, President and Chief Executive Officer of Greene County Bancorp, Inc. (the Company ), certifies in his capacity as an officer of the Company that he has reviewed the Annual Report of the Company on
 Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023 and that to the best of his knowledge:

1. 
 
 the report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

2. 
 
 the information contained in the report fairly presents, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods covered by the report.

This statement is authorized to be attached as an exhibit to the report so that this statement will accompany the report at such time as the report is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 USC 1350. It is not intended that this statement be deemed to be filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Date: September 8, 2023

/s/ Donald E. Gibson 

Donald E. Gibson

President and Chief Executive Officer

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 brhc20058553_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2

Statement of Chief Financial Officer

 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

Michelle M. Plummer, Chief Financial Officer of Greene County Bancorp, Inc. (the Company ), certifies in her capacity as an officer of the Company that she has reviewed the Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K
 for the year ended June 30, 2023 and that to the best of her knowledge:

1. 
 
 the report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

2. 
 
 the information contained in the report fairly presents, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods covered by the report.

This statement is authorized to be attached as an exhibit to the report so that this statement will accompany the report at such time as the report is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 USC 1350. It is not intended that this statement be deemed to be filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Date: September 8, 2023

/s/ Michelle M. Plummer 

Michelle M. Plummer, CPA, CGMA

Senior Executive Vice President,

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 gcbc-20230630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 gcbc-20230630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 gcbc-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 gcbc-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 gcbc-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

