<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230731_10-K_edgar_data_1892292_0001213900-23-061379.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7182626</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>356085</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1427162</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1780224</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1718162</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1708651</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-061379.hdr.sgml : 20230731
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230731172856
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-061379
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		98
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230430
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230731
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230731

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Maison Solutions Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001892292
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-GROCERY STORES [5411]
		IRS NUMBER:				842498797
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41720
		FILM NUMBER:		231128601

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		127 N GARFIELD AVE
		CITY:			MONTEREY PARK
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91754
		BUSINESS PHONE:		626-737-5896

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		127 N GARFIELD AVE
		CITY:			MONTEREY PARK
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91754

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-061379.txt : 20230731

10-K
 1
 f10k2023_maison.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For transition period from to 

Commission File Number:

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

, (Address of registrant s principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Telephone number) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which class is to be registered . - - 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

None. 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act): Yes 
No 

As of October 31, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter, there was no established public trading market for the registrant s equity securities. 

As of July 31, 2023, the number of shares of Class A common stock,
 0.0001 par value, outstanding was shares. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED
BY REFERENCE 

None. 

Table of Contents 

Part
 I 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 1 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 4 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 16 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 38 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 38 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 38 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 38 
 
 Part II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 39 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 39 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 40 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 49 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 50 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 51 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 51 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 51 
 
 Part III 

Item 10. Directors. Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 52 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 57 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 59 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 60 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 61 
 
 Part IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 62 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 62 

i 

Part I 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical or current fact
included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are forward looking statements. Forward-looking statements refer to our current expectations
and projections relating to our financial condition, results of operations, plans, objectives, strategies, future performance, and business.
You can identify forward-looking statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. These statements
may include words such as anticipate, assume, believe, can have, contemplate, 
 continue, could, design, due, estimate, expect, forecast, 
 goal, intend, likely, may, might, objective, plan, 
 predict, project, potential, seek, should, target, 
 will, would and other words and terms of similar meaning in connection with any discussion of the timing or
nature of future operational performance or other events. For example, all statements we make relating to our estimated and projected
costs, expenditures, and growth rates, our plans and objectives for future operations, growth, or initiatives, or strategies are
forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ
materially from those that we expect and, therefore, you should not unduly rely on such statements. The risks and uncertainties that could
cause those actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements include but are not
limited to: 

fluctuations in the demand for our products in light of changes in laws and regulations applicable to food and beverages and changes
in consumer preferences; 

supply chain disruptions that could interrupt product manufacturing and increase product costs; 

our ability to source raw materials and navigate a shortage of available materials; 

our ability to compete successfully in our industry; 

the impact of earthquakes, fire, power outages, floods, pandemics and other catastrophic events, as well as the impact of any interruption
by problems such as terrorism, cyberattacks, or failure of key information technology systems; 

our ability to accurately forecast demand for our products or our results of operations; 

the impact of problems relating to delays or disruptions in the shipment of our goods through operational ports; 

our ability to expand into additional foodservice and geographic markets; 

our ability to successfully design and develop new products; 

fluctuations in freight carrier costs related to the shipment of our products could have a material adverse impact on our results
of operations 

the continuing effects of COVID-19 or other public health crises; 

our ability to attract and retain skilled personnel and senior management; and 

other risks and uncertainties described in Item 1A. Risk
Factors of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

We make many of our forward-looking statements
based on our operating budgets and forecasts, which are based upon detailed assumptions. While we believe that our assumptions are reasonable,
we caution that it is very difficult to predict the impact of known factors, and it is impossible for us to anticipate all factors that
could affect our actual results. 

See the Risk Factors section and
elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a more complete discussion of the risks and uncertainties mentioned above and for a discussion
of other risks and uncertainties we face that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these
forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements attributable to us are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary
statements as well as others made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

We caution you that the risks and uncertainties
identified by us may not be all of the factors that are important to you. Furthermore, the forward-looking statements included in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K are made only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking
statement as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law. You should evaluate all forward-looking
statements made by us in the context of these risks and uncertainties. 

1 

Risk Factor Summary 

Our business is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including
those highlighted in the section titled Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Some of these principal risks include
the following: 

Risks Related to Our Business 

There is no guarantee that our center-satellite model (as discussed in further detail below) will
 succeed. 

We may not be able to successfully implement our growth strategy on a timely basis or at all. Additionally, new stores may place a
greater burden on our existing resources and adversely affect our existing business. 

One of our debt financing arrangements is currently in default, which may restrict our current and future business and operations. 

The terms of our debt financing arrangements may restrict our current and future operations, which could adversely affect our ability
to respond to changes in our business and to manage our operations. 

There is no guarantee that our partnership with JD will be successful. 

Our new store base, or stores opened or acquired in the future, may negatively impact our financial results in the short-term, and
may not achieve sales and operating levels consistent with our mature store base on a timely basis or at all and may negatively impact
our business and financial results. 

Because we have entered into a significant number of related party transactions through the course of our routine business operations,
there is a risk of conflicts of interest involving our management, and that such transactions may not reflect terms that would be available
from unaffiliated third parties. 

Risks Related to Our Industry 

We face competition in our industry, and our failure to compete successfully may have an adverse effect on our profitability and operating
results. 

Our inability to maintain or improve levels of comparable store sales could cause our stock price to decline. 

Economic conditions that impact consumer spending could materially affect our business. 

Our inability to maintain or increase our operating margins could adversely affect the price of our Class A common stock. 

We may be unable to protect or maintain our intellectual property, including HK Good Fortune, which could result in customer confusion
and adversely affect our business. 

Our success depends upon our ability to source and market new products to meet our high standards and customer preferences and our
ability to offer our customers an aesthetically pleasing shopping environment. 

Our stores rely heavily on sales of perishable products. Ordering errors or product supply disruptions may have an adverse effect on our profitability and operating results. 

Products we sell could cause unexpected side effects, illness, injury or death that could result in their discontinuance or expose
us to lawsuits, either of which could result in unexpected costs and damage to our reputation. 

We may experience negative effects to our reputation from real or perceived quality or health issues with our food products, which
could have an adverse effect on our operating results. 

The current geographic concentration of our stores creates an exposure to local economies, regional
 downturns or severe weather or catastrophic occurrences that may materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results
 of operations. 

Energy costs are an increasingly significant component of our operating expenses and increasing energy costs, unless offset by more
efficient usage or other operational responses, may impact our profitability. 

If we experience a data security breach and confidential customer information is disclosed, we may be subject to penalties and experience
negative publicity, which could affect our customer relationships and have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Disruption of any significant supplier relationship could negatively affect our business. 

Our high level of fixed lease obligations could adversely affect our financial performance. 

2 

If we are unable to renew or replace current store leases or if we are unable to enter into leases for additional stores on favorable
terms, or if one or more of our current leases is terminated prior to expiration of its stated term, and we cannot find suitable alternate
locations, our growth and profitability could be negatively impacted. 

We have engaged, and are likely to continue to engage, in certain transactions with related parties. These transactions are not negotiated
on an arms length basis. 

Failure to sustain customer growth or failure to maintain customer relationships could materially and adversely affect our business
and operating results. 

Failure to retain our senior management and other key personnel could negatively affect our business. 

We will require significant additional capital to fund our expanding business, which may not be available to us on satisfactory terms
or at all, and even if it is available, failure to use our capital efficiently could have an adverse effect on our profitability. 

Risks Related to Regulatory Compliance
and Legal Matters 

Changes in and enforcement of immigration laws could increase our costs and adversely affect our ability to attract and retain qualified
store-level employees. 

Changes in U.S. trade policies could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

We, as well as our vendors, are subject to numerous federal and local laws and regulations. Our compliance with these laws and
regulations, as they currently exist or as modified in the future, may increase our costs, limit or eliminate our ability to sell certain
products, raise regulatory enforcement risks not present in the past, or otherwise adversely affect our business, results of operations
and financial condition. 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock and our Initial
Public Offering 

There is no guarantee that our application to list our Class A common
stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market will be approved. 

Future sales, or the perception of future sales, of our Class A common stock may depress the price of our Class A common
stock. 

Our costs will increase significantly as a result of operating as a public company, and our management will be required to devote
substantial time to complying with public company regulations. 

Our management has limited experience managing a public company and our current resources may not be sufficient to fulfill our public
company obligations. 

John Xu, our CEO, has substantial control over the Company and maintains the ability to control the election of directors and other
matters submitted to stockholders for approval, which limits your ability to influence corporate matters and may result in actions that
you do not believe to be in our interests or your interests. 

We do not intend to pay cash dividends on our Class A common stock and, as a result, your only opportunity to achieve a return
on your investment is if the price of our Class A common stock appreciates. 

If securities or industry analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about our business or our market, if
they adversely change their recommendations regarding our Class A common stock, or if our operating results do not meet their expectations,
our stock price and/or trading volume could decline. 

Our future operating results may fluctuate significantly and our current operating results may not be a good indication of our future
performance. Fluctuations in our quarterly financial results could affect our stock price in the future. 

The resale of shares of our Class A common stock could adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock and
our ability to raise additional equity capital. 

An investment in our Company may involve tax implications, and you are encouraged to consult your own tax and other advisors, as neither
we nor any related party is offering any tax assurances or guidance regarding our Company or your investment. 

If we do not appropriately maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act,
we may be unable to accurately report our financial results and the market price of our securities may be adversely affected. 

3 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we ,
 us , our , Maison , the Company or our Company refer Maison Solutions
Inc., a Delaware corporation, except where the context requires otherwise. 

Our Company 

We are a fast-growing, specialty grocery
retailer offering traditional Asian food and merchandise to modern U.S. consumers, in particular to members of
Asian-American communities. We are committed to providing Asian fresh produce, meat, seafood, and other daily necessities in a
manner that caters to traditional Asian-American family values and cultural norms, while also accounting for the new and
faster-paced lifestyle of younger generations and the diverse makeup of the communities in which we operate. To achieve this,
we are developing a center-satellite stores network. Since our formation in July 2019, we have acquired equity interests
in four traditional Asian supermarkets in Los Angeles, California, and have been operating these four supermarkets as center stores.
We define a center store as a full service store, similar to a traditional supermarket or grocery store covering a
metro area, but with its own storage space to be used as a warehouse to distribute products to smaller satellite stores. The center
stores target traditional Asian-American family-oriented customers with a variety of meat, fresh produce and other
merchandise, while additionally stocking items which appeal to the broader community. Our management s deep cultural
understanding of our consumers unique consumption habits drives the operation of these traditional supermarkets. 

In addition to our center stores, in December of 2021, we acquired
a 10 equity interest in a new grocery store in a young and active community in Alhambra, California (the Alhambra Store ).
We intend to acquire the remaining 90 equity interest in the Alhambra Store with a portion of the net proceeds from our initial public
offering. We acquired our interest in the Alhambra Store from Grace Xu, the spouse of John Xu, our chief executive officer. It is our
intent that we will use a portion of the proceeds of our initial public offering to acquire the remaining equity in the Alhambra Store.
Our intention is that the Alhambra Store will serve as our first satellite store. The satellite stores in our network will be designed
to penetrate local communities and neighborhoods with larger and growing concentrations of younger customers. In May 2021, the Company
acquired 10 of the equity interests in Dai Cheong, a wholesale business which mainly supplies foods and groceries imported from Asia,
which is owned by our CEO, John Xu. We intend to acquire the controlling ownership of Dai Cheong with a portion of the net proceeds of
our initial public offering. By adding Dai Cheong to our portfolio, we will take the first step toward creating a vertically integrated
supply-retail structure. Having an importer as a part of our portfolio will allow us the opportunity to offer a wider variety of
products and to reap the benefits of preferred wholesale pricing. On June 30, 2022, we also acquired 100 equity interest in GF Supermarket
of MP, Inc, the legal entity holding a supermarket in Monterey Park, California. 

Our merchandise includes fresh and unique produce,
meats, seafood and other groceries which are staples of traditional Asian cuisine and which are not commonly found in mainstream supermarkets,
including a variety of Asian vegetables and fruits such as Chinese broccoli, bitter melon, winter gourd, Shanghai baby bok choy, longan
and lychee; a variety of live seafood such as shrimp, clams, lobster, geoduck, and Alaska king crab; and Chinese specialty products like
soy sauce, sesame oil, oyster sauce, bean sprouts, Sriracha, tofu, noodles and dried fish. With an in-house logistics team and strong
relationships with local and regional farms, we are capable of offering high-quality specialty perishables at competitive prices. 

Our customers have diverse shopping habits based
on, among other factors, their age and lifestyle, and, through our partnerships with third-party vendors, we offer multiple shopping
channels through integrated online and offline operations to accommodate for these habits. Along with creating an exciting and attractive
in-store shopping experience, customers can choose to place orders on a third-party mobile app Freshdeals24 , and
an applet integrated into WeChat for either home delivery or in-store pickups offering our customers the option of a 100 cashier-less shopping
experience. Our flexible shopping options are designed to provide customers with convenience and flexibility that best match their lifestyles
and personal preferences. In April 2021, we entered into a series of agreements with JD E-commerce America Limited JD
US ), the U.S. subsidiary of JD.com, including the Collaboration Agreement and Intellectual Property License Agreement (each
as further described below).We are working closely with JD.com to build and update our own online apps to continue to specifically target
and attract a wider variety of our customer base. 

While our main focus is on targeting Asian-American communities
and catering to both established Asian-American family values and the shifting needs of the younger generations, we also plan to
opportunistically address other demographics and populations. 

The success of our business is supported by a strong
core team that brings deep knowledge and experience in supermarket operations, supply chain, warehouse management and logistics as well
as e-commerce. The core team members all come from leading market players such as Freshippo (also known as Hema Shengxian), Yonghui Superstores,
H-Mart and other similar industry leading supermarket retailers. 

We are exploring multi-channel solutions to
customers by leveraging our strategic partnership with JD.com, a leading online retail business in China. See Multi-channel Initiatives 
and Partnership with JD in this section. 

Market Opportunities and Growth Strategy 

Emerging Trends in the Asian-American Grocery
Market 

Whether by using technology to streamline supply
chains, unlocking the power of social media to influence shoppers, or adapting store designs to meet changing consumer behavior, the Asian
grocery market is finding new ways to boost sales. 

As grocers continue to battle for supremacy, catering
to a wide variety of customers and consumer demands will be a key area of focus. According to New York Times, from 1990 to 2020,
the U.S. Asian population increased from 6.6 million to 20 million people, representing a 203 increase. Asians are now
the fastest-growing of the nation s four largest racial and ethnic groups based on the 2021 census numbers. In addition to
the population increase, the average household income of people of Asian descent also exceeds the overall U.S. population s
average household income. 

4 

According to Mordor Intelligence s ETHNIC
FOODS MARKET GROWTH, TRENDS, AND FORECASTS (2022 2027) , the presence of Asian Cuisine in the
US Ethnic Food Marketspace is one of the key market trends. The forecast indicated that consumers interest in Asian cuisines is
increasing globally, and they seek bold flavors. This trend is driven by the increasing immigrant population, as well as robust demand
from native populations. 

In the past few years, many Asian-American grocery
store chains have risen in popularity in the United States; for example, Korean chain H Mart has expanded to 66 locations across
12 states. Each store offers imported packaged goods as well as prepared foods and general merchandise. According to a study
by LoyaltyOne, Asian-Americans and other consumers looking to cook Asian cuisine are not finding what they need at
their local stores and are often turning to independent grocers for their shopping trips. Our principal competitors include 99 Ranch Market
and HMart for traditional supermarkets and Weee! for online groceries. 

Spice of life: As the Asian-American Population
Continues to Grow, Demand for Cultural Foods will Likely Increase 

The ethnic supermarkets industry is composed of
companies that sell foods geared toward ethnically diverse populations. Industry growth is strongly supported by the quickly expanding
population of Asian Americans, one of the largest market segments in the United States. The ethnic supermarkets industry is composed
of companies that sell foods geared toward ethnically diverse populations. Industry growth is strongly supported by the quickly expanding
population of Asian Americans, one of the largest market segments in the United States. As the population of Asian Americans continues
to expand, we believe that the demand for stores like ours, which provide specialty products that cater to the Asian-American communities,
will be expanded as well. 

Putting Health Fresh Produce First 

As modern Asian-American consumers become
more affluent, educated, and influenced by government campaigns, they are increasingly aware of the health benefits of food. Whether buying
fresh produce or choosing packaged products with clear health labelling, we believe Asian-American consumers will pay a premium for
healthy food. 

Many Asian-American retailers are offering
a range of health-focused products and adapting their marketing strategies to cater to health-conscious consumers. According
to freshfruitportal.com, fresh food and health wellness products will feature more prominently in-store in the future
as retailers respond to changing shopping habits. 

Make Food Safer with Blockchain 

Many Asian retailers are leading the way to enhanced
food safety with exciting developments in blockchain technologies, a trend which we believe will similarly be employed by U.S. retailers. 

Walmart China s traceability system
uses state of the art blockchain and AI to track the movement of over 50 of all packaged fresh meat, 40 of packaged vegetables,
and 12.5 of seafood at each stage of the supply chain. 

As customers are increasingly conscious of the
sourcing of their food, investing in technologies which promote health and safety is a sure-fire way to build trust with customers
and boost brand loyalty. In collaboration with our current partners, including JD.com, we plan to capitalize on developments in blockchain
technologies to meet the evolving needs of our customers. 

Partner with Overseas Providers 

Asian-American consumers are prepared to look
far and wide to obtain the products they want. Retailers are partnering with overseas suppliers, fellow retailers, and even technology
companies to pull together resources and accelerate growth. 

Partnerships are helping brick and mortar retailers
to blur the line between online and offline retail channels. We believe that our existing partnerships, including with JD.com,
will help us to expand and strengthen both our online and offline presence. 

Lead the Charge with Online Sales 

While e-commerce only accounted for 3 of
all U.S. grocery sales in 2019, the Asian grocery market has been quick to make the most of online retail channels. 

According to a December 15, 2021 report by
NBC News, online grocery sales grew 54 in 2020, to 95.82 billion. By 2026, online sales share is projected to account for 20 of
the market. While Asian-American shoppers may prefer to handpick their favorite melon or cut of meat in-person, millions of customers
simply don t have access to Asian supermarkets or neighborhood stores because they live in parts of the country that cannot sustain
them, making online shopping an attractive and necessary alternative. 

For instance, Freshhippo uses an omni channel approach
to offer customers a seamless transition between online shopping and in-store visits to promote online sales. Customers can switch
between online and offline shopping and enjoy a consistent experience to put them in control of how they want to shop. 

5 

Our Business Model 

Our History 

We were founded in July 2019 as Maison International,
Inc., an Illinois corporation, with our principal place of business in California. Immediately upon formation, the Company acquired three
retail Asian supermarkets in Los Angeles, California and subsequently rebranded them as HK Good Fortune Supermarkets or
 Hong Kong Supermarkets. In September 2021, the Company was reincorporated in the State of Delaware as a corporation
registered under the laws of the State of Delaware and renamed Maison Solutions Inc. 

In July 2019, the Company acquired 91 of the equity interests in Maison San Gabriel and 85.25 of the equity interests in Maison
Monrovia, each of which owns a HK Good Fortune Supermarket in San Gabriel, California and Monrovia, California, respectively. 

In October 2019, the Company acquired 91.67 of the equity interests in Maison El Monte, which owns a Hong Kong Supermarket
in El Monte, California. 

In May 2021, the Company acquired 10 of the equity interests in Dai Cheong, a wholesale business which mainly supplies foods
and groceries imported from Asia, which is 100 owned by Mr. John Xu. We intend to use a portion of the proceeds of our initial public offering to
acquire the remaining 90 equity interest. This transaction was treated as a related party transaction. 

In December 2021, the Company acquired 10 of the equity interests in HKGF Market of Alhambra, Inc., a California corporation, and the owner of the Alhambra Store, California from Ms. Grace Xu, spouse of Mr. John Xu, our chief executive officer. We intend to acquire the remaining 90 equity interest in the Alhambra Store with a portion of the net proceeds from our initial public offering. This transaction was treated as a related party transaction. 

On June 30, 2022, the Company acquired 100 of the equity interests of GF Supermarket of MP, Inc. from DNL Management Inc. (51 
ownership) and Ms. Grace Xu (49 ownership), spouse of Mr. John Xu, our chief executive officer. This acquisition was treated as
a related party transaction. 

Maison was initially authorized to issue
500,000 shares of common stock with a par value of 0.0001 per share. On September 8, 2021, the total number of authorized
shares of both classes of common stock was increased to 100,000,000 by way of a 200-for-1 stock split, among which, the
authorized shares were divided in to 92,000,000 shares of Class A common stock entitled to one (1) vote per share and
3,000,000 shares of Class B common stock entitled to ten (10) votes per share and 5,000,000 shares of preferred
stock. For the Class A common stock and Class B common stock, the rights of the holders of Class A common stock and Class B common
stock are identical, except with respect to voting and conversion rights. Each share of Class A common stock is entitled to one (1)
vote. Each share of Class B common stock is entitled to ten (10) votes and is convertible at any time into one share of Class A
common stock. John Xu holds all of our outstanding shares of Class B common stock. All shares and per share amounts used herein and
in the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been retroactively adjusted to reflect (i) the increase of share capital
as if the change of share numbers became effective as of the beginning of the first period presented for Maison Group and
(ii) the reclassification of all outstanding shares of our common stock beneficially owned by Golden Tree USA Inc. into
Class B common stock, which are collectively referred to as the Reclassification . 

Our Center-Satellite Stores Model 

Our four traditional retail supermarkets are set
up and operated as center stores. We intend to purchase the remaining 90 equity interest in the Alhambra Store with a portion of the
net proceeds from our initial public offering and the Alhambra Store is intended to serve as our first satellite store. The center stores
mainly serve traditional family-oriented customers with a variety of fresh produce and daily necessities at competitive prices. The
satellite stores in our Center-Satellite store network will be designed to penetrate local communities and neighborhoods with larger
populations of younger customers, such as Millennials and Generation Z. 

What is the Center-Satellite Store
Model? 

The Center-Satellite store model utilizes
a center store, which is a typical supermarket or grocery store in a metro area, as a central hub to not only act as a regular supermarket
but also provide logistics support to satellite/community stores in the surrounding area. This Center-Satellite store network allows
us to more easily and inexpensively expand the coverage as compared to traditional supermarket expansion. The structure increases logistical
efficiency and provides significant flexibility to serve all types of customer bases. 

A center store will serve as the main warehouse
to the surrounding community stores for grocery shopping. Groceries can usually be delivered from the suppliers to the center store first,
before needing to use outside suppliers allowing the center store to distribute to all the community stores it covers, with allocations
based on historical sales data provided by the community stores. 

6 

The satellite stores are typically smaller than
the traditional supermarkets. The stores often are established in residential areas with large populations. The satellite stores offer
a smaller, particularly selected selection of products designed to meet the needs and desires of the community. For example, a satellite
store in a neighborhood with a higher concentration of younger consumers may offer more convenient food or social media trending products.
A satellite store established in a neighborhood filled with young professionals may feature as a Meal Solution Supermarket MSSM ),
where the consumers get their dinner almost instantly at a price point comparable to the cost of preparing a meal at home and lower than
dining out. We believe our satellite stores will significantly reduce the time spent on grocery shopping for customers because they will
be conveniently located and offer a carefully cultivated selection of products at an attractive price point. We expect that such time
efficiencies and price competitiveness will attract additional customers. 

Expected Advantages of the Center-Satellite store
network: 

More cost efficient: satellite stores are smaller with a cultivated selection of products designed to cater to the needs of the specific
community. They are easier to maintain and establish and more cost efficient than traditional stores. 

Higher profit margin expected: selective products with precision marketing to target a specific customer base leads to higher revenue
and profit margins. We expect buyers will be willing to pay higher premiums for quality and convenience. 

Easier to set up: because of the smaller size and carefully selected and managed inventory, establishing satellite stores at scale
will require less capital and cost compared to that of a traditional store. 

More flexible: satellite stores can be flexible in terms of their inventory and set up. Products offered by the satellite stores can
vary depending on the location and the targeted customers. 

Synergies between center stores and satellite stores: one center store can power many satellite stores from a logistics perspective.
The overall cost to the supply chain will be lower, and the efficiency will be higher than the traditional store network. The historic
sales data of each satellite store will be leveraged to optimize supplies from the center store. Satellite stores can function as the
distribution hub to achieve fast delivery and in-store pickup. Deliveries may be made from satellite stores or customers can select
to pick up from the closest satellite stores. Either way, the time to hand goods to customers is significantly reduced. 

More attractive shopping experience: consumer behavior has changed and young people are more reluctant to spend a lot of time
 for grocery shopping due to their fast-paced life styles. With more trending products and fast delivery or in-store pickup
 options, satellite stores are expected to attract young customers, who often shop more spontaneously and focus more on the shopping
 experience rather than needs. 

Promote our Group Buy activities: Group Buy activities are single-day promotions designed to increase the volume
of sales of a particular product while providing a discount to the consumers. We believe that because our satellite stores will be designed
to target a particular customer base, customer needs or interest will often overlap and offering Group Buy promotions will effectively
stimulate sales of targeted products. 

Extended Customer Reach: we believe that our model of center and satellite stores will allow us to reach a wider base of customers
in a more cost-effective manner leading to reduced costs and improved margins. 

Our Products 

Traditional Supermarkets/Center Stores 

All four of our traditional supermarkets offer
perishable and non-perishable items. We put a significant focus on perishable product categories which include vegetables, seafood,
fruit and meat. In fiscal years 2023 and 2022, our perishable product categories contributed approximately 57.5 and 60.7 to our total
net sales respectively, in alignment with the space occupancy of perishables. 

Vegetables All our stores receive daily deliveries of vegetables and are required to sell out all vegetables on a three to five day basis. We discount our vegetables after three days, which significantly lowers the storage cost and worn-and-torn rate and improves profitability. In addition, to lower the worn-out rate of green-leaf vegetables due to customer rummage, we usually pack and sell such vegetables in bags. We also display and sell different kinds of vegetables according to their characteristics. For example, Chinese yams need to be displayed on wood shreds to keep them fresh, while water melons are typically sold in pieces due to their large size. 

Fruit Almost all of our unique fruits are seasonal offerings in which quality and price are decisive
to customer traffic during peak season. These fruits are sold at higher unit prices and generally offer higher profit margins. We benefit
from our long-standing relationships with farm vendors to stay competitive during peak seasons and enjoy better sourcing price and
higher profit margin from fruit sales. We adopt different storage technologies based on characteristics of different fruits and vegetables.
All vegetables and fruits are delivered and sold on a three to five day basis, to lower worn rate, lower human cost and keep up the
high quality. 

7 

Meat Since we can sell more animal body parts than other mainstream grocery stores, the sales we
 generate from a whole pig, chicken or cow are much higher than those of mainstream groceries, resulting in higher margins on meat
 and meat products sales. For example, pork liver, intestines and feet, chicken hearts and feet and beef tripe are all staples of
 Asian cooking that would not be offered in typical grocery stores, allowing us to capture more of the value of a whole animal and
 leading to an increased margin on the sale of these products. We also cut and package meats for various specific purposes to cater
 to Asian cooking habits and styles. For example, we slice different kinds of meat specifically for hot pot cooking and then package
 and freeze them for quick pick-up and easy storage and use by customers. In addition, we sell meats prepared with Asian
 seasonings, which are ready to cook after purchase. Meats cut for specific purposes or prepared with Asian seasonings generally
 result in higher margins. 

Seafood As an established procedure, our in-house merchants collect live seafood from wharfs
and markets at midnight on a daily basis. Purchased seafood is immediately distributed to all retail stores via our in-house cold
chain systems in which hibernation technology keeps seafood alive and ensures its freshness and quality. For different species, we maintain
different water temperatures and oxygen density in their tanks and containers. Hibernation technology is widely used in the in-house cold-chain system
for long distance distribution to best ensure freshness and quality. As with what we do with meats, we fillet fish for specific purposes
or preseason the seafood for Asian cooking. 

With respect to non-perishables, we have over 13,000
grocery products on our shelves ranging from cooking utensils, canned foods, Chinese and Asian seasonings and spices to domestic and
imported snacks. Many of our imported groceries are sourced from China, Thailand and Taiwan to meet the diverse demand of not only Chinese
Americans but targeted customers originating from east and south-east Asia. In the fiscal years ended on April 30, 2023 and
2022, the non-perishable grocery category contributed approximately 43.52 and 42.51 , respectively, to our total net sales and realized
a markup of 35.09 and 31.80 on average, respectively. 

The Alhambra Store 

In December 2021, we acquired a 10 equity interest
in a new grocery store in Alhambra, California from Grace Xu, spouse of John Xu, our chief executive officer (the Alhambra Store ).
We intend to purchase the remaining 90 equity interest in the Alhambra Store with a portion of the net proceeds from our initial public
offering. 

We believe, that as an MSSM, the Alhambra Store
suits the lifestyle of young customers. MSSMs focus largely on ready-to-eat food and ready-to-cook groceries. The Alhambra Store
has a built-in kitchen which offers Asian hot foods under the house brand Chili Point Land. Ready-to-cook groceries
include frozen food as well as prewashed and pre-cut meats and vegetables. 

We believe that the Alhambra has the potential
to be a successful satellite store in the Alhambra neighborhood. The city of Alhambra has a population of 87,000, 53 of which is comprised
of Asian Americans. A large portion of the consumer base within a 3-mile radius of the store is comprised of young students living in
apartments and young professionals between the ages of 25 and 44, with annual incomes between 36,000 and 120,000. 

The Alhambra store is currently designed to target
the demographic of its neighborhood. The store is located in the heart of Alhambra s Main Street, which is where young consumers
spend significant time at the many restaurants and bars within walking distance of the store. 

The Alhambra Store also carries Asian food, snacks
and other merchandise that are popular on social media to attract young customers interested in trying out new and trendy products. The
store aims to lead customers from shopping for needs to shopping for experience. 

Our Vertical Supply and Distribution Chain 

Our business model features a vertically integrated
structure covering upstream supply and downstream retail supermarkets. In December 2021, we acquired a 10 equity interest in Dai
Cheong, a wholesale business owned by our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer John Xu which mainly supplies foods and groceries imported
from Asia. Dai Cheong was founded in 1979 and has been working with major suppliers in Asia for over 20 years and has extensive experience
in sourcing products through a well-established sourcing system. To support its import trading business, Dai Cheong has an integrated
ecosystem of import, customs clearance and wholesale services. Dai Cheong owns three warehouses and maintains a team of professionals
selling more than 2,000 individual products. Dai Cheong primarily sells food products from all over Asia, including well-known Asian
brands such as Garden (Hong Kong), Prima Taste (Singapore), Ng Fung (Mainland China), Royal Family (Taiwan), Gold Kili (Singapore),
and other well-known Asian brands. Currently Dai Cheong supplies quality products to more than 2,000 ethnically diverse supermarkets
and wholesalers in all 50 states. Our initial investment in Dai Cheong, and our plan to acquire the remaining equity interest, is the
first step toward creating a vertically integrated supply-retail structure. Having an importer as a part of our portfolio allows
us the opportunity to offer a wider variety of products and to reap the benefits of preferred wholesale pricing 

8 

We work with three primary suppliers. These
primary suppliers accounted for approximately 51.5 and 61.3 of our total purchases in fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively. We
also have established, long-term relationships with local and regional farms which grow Asian specialty vegetables and fruit
and supply the most popular yet hard-to-source vegetables and fruits directly to our supermarkets. Working with our vendors, we
are able to provide fresh seasonal vegetables and fruits. Produce, live seafood and groceries are delivered to our supermarkets on a
daily basis from our farm partners and external vendors as directed by our in-house logistics system. With four retail
supermarkets located in San Gabriel, Monrovia, El Monte and Monterey Park, in the Los Angeles, California metropolitan area, and
average store sizes over 36,000 square feet, we had over 1.62 million annual transactions in 2022. In addition, our initial
investment in the Alhambra Store, and plan to acquire the remaining equity interest following our initial public offering, is a key
factor in our goal to reach out to the younger community and expand into a large market for young customers, including
students. 

Our in-house logistics team is committed to
fast and reliable delivery for customers who place online orders for delivery. Our center-satellite store network gives us the ability
to set up in-store, mini-warehouses to achieve fast order fulfillment and speedy delivery. We are able to provide same-day delivery
for orders placed before noon within a 5 miles radius of the closest store. 

Integrated Online and Offline Services 

We started a series of online initiatives soon
after we acquired our first supermarket in 2019. Customers can choose to place orders online through a third-party mobile app, Freshdeals24 ,
and an applet integrated into WeChat for the option of a 100 cashier-less shopping experience. We undertook this initiative and
designed these apps based on our awareness of the predominance of WeChat in both the Chinese-American and broader Asian-American communities
and extensive research into the habits of the younger generation of customers. We are working closely with JD.com to improve and update
our online apps to continue to specifically target and attract a wider variety of our customer base. 

We integrate our online and offline retail capabilities
and use our center stores as warehouses to fulfill online orders. By managing inventory and offline resources effectively, our stores satisfy
consumers demands in-store as well as online. We offer multiple shopping channels through integrated online and offline operations.
Customers can place orders through the third-party mobile app and applet and for either home delivery or in-store pickups. Our
flexible shopping options are aimed to provide customers with convenience and flexibility that best match their lifestyles and personal
preferences. 

Currently JD.com is developing a new mobile app
for our future stores. For more information please see Partnership with JD.com below. 

Pricing Strategy 

In general, our pricing strategy is to provide
premium products at reasonable prices. We believe pricing should be based on the quality of products and the shopping experience, rather
than promotional pricing, to drive sales. Our goal is to deliver a sense of value to and foster a relationship of trust with our target
and loyal customers. 

We adopt different pricing strategies for different
food categories. For best sellers such as seafood and core produce like swimming shrimp and live crawfish, we price competitively and
aim to attract consumer traffic. For groceries department items which are usually imported and have a long shelf life, we price at a premium
(with an average markup of 35 ). Due to changes in market conditions and seasonal supplies, our pricing for seafood and produce are more
volatile compared with the pricing of other categories. 

Marketing and Advertising 

We believe our unique offerings, competitive prices
on popular produce, and word-of-mouth are major drivers of store sales. In addition to word-of-mouth,
we advertise our brand using in-store tastings, in-store weekly promotion signage, cooking demonstrations and product sampling.
We also promote our stores on our official website and an electronic newsletter, and/or inserts and sales flyers in local Chinese newspapers,
magazines and local radio stations on a monthly or weekly basis. Our business is also marketed mainly on our official website, a third-party Mobile
App Freshdeals24 , and an applet integrated into WeChat. For the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, we
recognized 73,678 and 157,561 for marketing and advertising expenses, respectively. Overall, we have utilized mixed marketing and
advertising strategies to enhance our brand recognition, to regularly communicate with our target customers, and to strengthen our ability
to market new and differentiated products. 

As we intend to establish more satellite stores
and with our new mobile app being developed, we foresee a significant increase in advertising in the future, with a focus on social media
promotion. With the younger generation being a key focus, we plan on advertising both our satellite stores and mobile app via TikTok,
YouTube and Instagram, in addition to WeChat. We also plan to invite selected Internet influencers to cover our stores, products, and
offerings. 

Competition 

Food retail is a large and highly competitive industry.
Although the Asian supermarket industry is a niche market, market participants still remain highly fragmented and unsophisticated and
we face competition from smaller or dispersed competitors. However, with the rapid growth of the Chinese and other Asian populations in
the United States and their consumption power, other competitors may begin operating in this market in the future. Those competitors
include: (i) national conventional supermarkets, (ii) regional supermarkets, (iii) national superstores, (iv) alternative
food retailers, (v) local foods stores, (vi) small specialty stores, (vii) farmers markets, and (viii) e-commerce /
online-only grocery stores. 

9 

The national and regional supermarket chains
have strong experiences in operating multiple store locations and expansion management and have greater marketing or financial
resources than we do. Even though they currently offer only a limited selection of Chinese and Asian specialty foods, they may be
able to devote greater resources to sourcing, promoting, and selling Chinese and other Asian products if they choose. The local food
stores and markets are small in size with a deep understanding of local preferences. Their lack of scale results in high risk and
limited growth potential. In addition, there are online Asian grocery platforms, such as Weee!, which have longer operating
histories and more established reputation for online Asian grocery shopping. However, the lack of their own offline store presence
leads to a higher cost to the customers. Online-only grocery stores rely on working with local supermarkets for supplies and
that exposes them to the risk of not being able to always fulfill customer demands when the supply is low. In addition,
online-only grocery stores, by their nature, are not able to offer an in-store shopping experience, such as trying new
food or cooked products in store, and in-store pick up. We believe our business model, when compared with the
online-only grocery stores, brings a more comprehensive and holistic shopping experience to the customers while maintaining a
competitive price point. 

Our Competitive Strengths 

Strong Management and Operations Team 

Our core operations team has extensive
experience in and knowledge of supermarket operations, supply chain, logistics and warehouse management as well as e-commerce. Since
the acquisition of our four center stores, we have hired experienced operations and management team members both locally in the
United States and from China, including: Tao Han, who will serve as our Chief Operating Officer upon consummation of our
initial public offering and has more than 20 years of experience in the retail industry with Yonghui Superstores, one of the
largest chain supermarkets in China, as well as Freshippo (known as Hema Shengxian in Chinese), the online and offline retail
platform under the Alibaba Group; and the store manager for the Alhambra Store who has 16 years of experience in retail
industry including extensive familiarity with process management practices in convenience store chains, which transfers directly to
our satellite store concept. We strategically deploy our team members in positions that best match their experience and specialized
skills. 

We established a new performance-based bonus
system. If a store meets or exceeds the pre-set Key Performance Indicator (KPI), the employees of that store will receive cash bonuses. Each department needs to provide weekly
performance reports, which the management teams will review and ultimately distribute monthly cash bonuses amounting to 1 of gross revenue
to the department s staff for achievement of these performance goals. 1 of gross revenue will set as bonuses for the department s
staff. 

Employees 

As of April 30, 2023, we had approximately 174 employees. Our employees
are not unionized nor, to our knowledge, are there any plans for them to unionize. We have never experienced a strike or significant work
stoppage. We consider our employee relations to be good. Minimum wage rates in some states have recently increased. For example, the minimum
wage rose from 13 to 14 per hour from 2020 to 2021 and increased to 15.50 per hour in 2023 in Los Angeles. Payroll and payroll tax
expenses were 6.2 million for the year ended April 30, 2023, and 4.5 million for the year ended April 30, 2022. 

Cost Efficient Supply Chain 

Unlike many of our direct competitors which are
family-owned single stores, we have four retail supermarkets with an average size of 36,000 square feet. We place orders mainly through
two primary wholesale agents which purchase products on our behalf from various vendors. Due to their large quantity purchase position,
these two wholesale agents are able to get competitive prices for a wide range of items. Similarly, due to our large purchasing power
and long term business relationships with the two wholesale agents, even with price markups, we benefit from competitive pricing. The
price we pay to the wholesale agents is lower than the prices we would pay to each vendor directly. In addition, by dealing with only
two wholesale agents instead of approaching various vendors individually, we are saving time and costs. 

Additionally, in order to begin the process of
establishing a vertically integrated supply and distribution change, we acquired a 10 equity interest in a wholesale company, Dai Cheong,
which has been in the business of importing and exporting Chinese and Asian specialty food and groceries for over 20 years. Dai Cheong,
which is owned by our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer John Xu, specializes in identifying products that are popular among Asian-American consumers
but rarely found in mainstream stores. Furthermore, Dai Cheong has a well-established sourcing system and has formed an ecosystem
that integrates import, customs clearance and wholesale services. Without multi-layer intermediates, our retail supermarkets are
able to set such products at competitive prices, not only securing the supply of popular products, but boosting our operation profitability
as well. 

Superior Customer Propositions 

We implement stringent quality control procedures and processes across our supply chain from procurement to inventory and logistics
to ensure daily supply of the freshest products to our customers at competitive prices. At the store level we perform three rounds of
quality control to each product on a daily basis: 

1. At the time of delivery, our delivery specialist performs comprehensive product checks to ensure product quality. If considerable
amounts of product are not in saleable condition, we will request the return of such products or credits from the suppliers. 

2. As we move our products onto the shelves, our staff will perform a second round of quality control checks, and we do not place products
that are damaged or otherwise unfit for sale on the supermarket shelves. 

3. After the close of business, we bring perishable, unsold products back to storage to ensure that they remain in saleable condition
and we consistently monitor the sell-by dates on dry good products to ensure that they remain in compliance. 

10 

We perform extensive checks on products delivered to our stores prior to accepting them and return or reject any products that are
damaged or expired. 

Our distributors utilize the cold chain supply method and vacuum sealing to keep perishable products such as meat and seafood fresh
from the point of origin until it reaches our stores and to limit damage caused by fluctuating temperatures, air and moisture. 

Our produce distributors perform quality control checks prior to packaging and delivery to remove any products unsuitable for sale
and additionally, much of the produce we sell is grown in greenhouses under controlled conditions. 

Targeting Popular Product Trends 

With our excellent relationships with reputable
suppliers and distribution agents, we consistently update our product offerings to ensure our catalog stays competitive in the market
and to reduce unnecessary redundancy. In collaboration with our suppliers and distribution agents we consistently monitor social media
and assess store data to identify and subsequently offer products which are popular with our target consumers. 

Our Growth Strategy 

Continue Building Center Satellite Stores Network 

Operation of Center Stores We
have a successful record of operating our existing retail supermarkets and have been able to quickly turn distressed stores into profitable
assets. Based on our understanding of the retail grocery market and our history of successfully investing in and operating our existing
retail supermarkets, we have quickly identified what we believe to be the key weaknesses of acquired stores and have taken specific actions
designed to achieve profitability, such as reducing redundant product offerings, managing fresh produce, meat and seafood inventory to
reduce waste, and tailoring inventory and product selection to more accurately match the needs of the population that shop at each of our
stores. We plan to acquire additional supermarkets with a portion of the proceeds of our initial public offering to expand our footprint
to both the West Coast and the East Coast. We plan to acquire our first center store in Northern California by the end of 2024. On the
East Coast, we intend to acquire five center stores by the end of 2024. We also plan to establish a new warehouse in New York City
to serve the East Coast by the end of 2025. Upon completion of our East Coast expansion, we expect to operate a total of ten center stores
by the end of 2025. 

Opening Satellite Stores We
currently own a 10 equity interest in the Alhambra Store, which we purchased from Grace Xu, spouse of John Xu, our chief executive officer.
We plan to acquire the remaining 90 equity interest in the Alhambra Store with a portion of the net proceeds of our initial public offering
and operate it as our first satellite store. Since its opening, our management team has been involved with the operations and management
of the Alhambra Store, utilizing our experience in supermarkets. The Alhambra store is situated in a community with a large population
of younger customers and will serve as an important step in our targeting of this demographic as well as our plans to expand our center-satellite store
model. We plan to open our satellite stores to penetrate local communities and neighborhoods with larger populations of younger and diverse
customers. When selecting locations, we will also consider college towns and university neighborhoods in which there is a large Asian-American student
population. The satellite stores will serve as community retail stores , offering ready-to-eat and ready-to-cook foods
and groceries. By fiscal year 2024, we plan to open an additional two to three satellite stores in Chino Hills and Rowland Heights, California,
with a portion of the net proceeds of our initial public offering. 

Multi-Channel Initiatives 

We are exploring our multi-channel initiatives
including: improving our in-store shopping experience, increasing and enhancing our mobile ordering with at-home delivery and
in-store pickup, and broadening our social media presence. In addition, multi-channel solutions can help realize the users integration,
price integration, inventory integration, price integration, marketing integration and orders integration: 

User integration means establishing a unique ID for each individual consumer which allows us to integrate their shopping experience
across online and offline channels and provide standardized services for these consumers based on the data that corresponds to their
ID. 

Product integration means different sales channels can form integrated management of products. This implies that when sold on various
online and offline channels, the same physical good has the same commodity code and states language for life cycle management. 

Price integration means realizing a united price basis for the same product in different online and offline channels with the capability
of synchronizing price changes across all channels, providing consumers with a convenient shopping experience without a price differentiation. 

11 

Inventory integration means the realization of inventory sharing, flexible allocation, and inventory forecasting. The integration
of data and services between different channels should realize inventory sharing between online and offline multi-channels. If incoming
orders reduce the inventory of one online channel, other online channels will simultaneously synchronize this information. Meanwhile,
since customers put certain items into their shopping cart without checking out, a certain amount of reserve inventory will be maintained
by online channels. 

Marketing integration means promotional activities, coupons, and virtual assets can be synchronized or kept independent on online
and offline channels, user scenarios can be complementary to each other to cater to user needs, and online and offline channels can synchronize
marketing activities to enhance momentum building 

Order integration means the realization of routing administration, multi-dimensional combination, and intelligent order splitting.
During customers shopping process, the order and logistics processing will be completed in different channels to be grouped as
the most optimal choice in terms of time and location to achieve the fastest delivery speed and the best user experience. 

Partnership With JD.COM 

In April 2021, we entered into a series of
agreements with JD E-commerce America Limited JD US ), the U.S. subsidiary of JD.com, including the Collaboration
Agreement and Intellectual Property License Agreement (each as further described below). 

Overall, we believe the collaboration with JD.com
will help us improve our business in the following areas: 

Store Digital Transformation New stores will utilize state-of-the-art devices and equipment. The devices, including
PDAs and mobile checkout devices, tag printers, and laser scanners will give the staff flexibility while working in stores. Meanwhile,
devices such as the laser scanners and tag printers will enable us to upload data digitally to the connected servers for back-end management
and analysis. 

Store layouts will also be updated based on
the thorough analysis performed by JD.com through years of massive data collection and analysis. The purpose is to design the
store in a scientific way, including section arrangement, self-checkout POS locations, and shelf location deployment to
optimize the in-store traffic route and to improve the shopping experience. 

Newly-designed app that is product centric JD.com
will lead the design and implementation of a new mobile app to serve our customers both online and offline which will include flash sales,
daily special promotions, ranking sales and popularity trends, providing customers with targeted recommendations and a calendar of promotional
events. 

Newly-designed app that is product centric JD.com will lead the design and implementation of a new mobile app to serve our customers both online and offline which will include flash sales, daily special promotions, ranking sales and popularity trends, providing customers with targeted recommendations and a calendar of promotional events. 

The new mobile app will support year-round promotions
based on events, holidays and products. With target customers in mind, the app is designed not only to be used as a shopping app, but
also a social platform for people to share their unique experience. The social elements include top-ranked / popular items, gourmet
sharing, review and tasting, store exploration, and product unbox reviews. 

Cloud-based server with connected data With JD.com s help, we will move our
 back-end operations fully online via cloud-based servers. This will connect data from all stores together for the
 management to have a holistic view of performance of the brand. Traditionally, each store has its own data, limiting connectivity
 with other stores and making it hard for management to have a comprehensive view. The connected data will also help the Company to
 find and create synergies between stores, analyze data in larger scale and identify bulk order opportunities for potential price
 benefits. With this connected data, we believe we will be able to update inventory, sales, products, consumer traffic, logistics,
 and delivery stats between stores and between online and offline in real time. This will give us the opportunity not just to operate
 stores, but to operate a 360-degree retail business with optimizing cost efficiency. 

Smart warehousing and logistics technology By partnering with JD.com, we will be able to use big data analytics
and artificial intelligence to explore warehousing automation solutions which we believe will allow us to achieve lean management of storage,
improvement of production efficiency and reduction of operating costs through the use of fully automated warehouses that require limited
human intervention. For supply chains, we aim to visualize supply chain health status with the JD.com partnership. The effective adjustment
of resources can be made in time to maintain the efficiency and further reduce the cost. We would also be able to optimize distribution
routes and vehicle routes via continued data collection and analysis in the target areas and improve the delivery time and user satisfaction.
Lastly, we would establish satellite distribution stations for different consumer groups, such as student concentrated areas. The satellite distribution
stations can speed up last mile delivery. 

Introduction to more popular products JD.com is the leading retail and e-commerce platform in China and a global
ambassador for many world-renowned brands. The partnership with JD.com will allow us to introduce many boutique brand products popular
in Asia to our existing and target markets. With Maison s mature retail network and the fast-growing customer base in the United States,
more overseas boutique products are expected to be imported to the United States for the benefit of American consumers. 

12 

The Collaboration Agreement 

Under the Collaboration Agreement, JD US has agreed
to provide the following services to us for fees: 

Stage 0 the Consultancy Services including: (1) consideration and assessment of our business nature;
 (2) information and standards and the analysis and study of feasibility of omni channel retailing of our business; and
 (3) preparation and delivery of feasibility plan of omni channel retailing of our stores; 

Stage 1 the Initialization Services, including initializing the feasibility plan, digitalization of our stores, delivery
of online retailing and e-commerce business and operational solutions for the stores with omni channels; 

Stage 2 the Implementation Services, including product and merchandise supply chain configuration, staff training for
operation and management of the digital solutions, installation and configuration of hardware, customization of software, concept design
and implementation; 

Stage 3 the Platform Services, including providing actual operation and management of the store upon delivery and necessary
support services. 

The Intellectual Property License Agreement 

Under the Intellectual Property License, JD US
granted us a ten-year limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license in the State of California to: 

use the brand consisting of a combination of certain marks of JD.com (the JD.com Marks and certain marks of ours
 in such forms to be agreed upon by mutual written consent of us and JD US (the Co-Brand 

use the JD.com Marks, but only as incorporated into the Co-Brand; and 

use, copy and distribute any design or embodiment of the brand image or visual identity by which the Co-Brand will be known to
the public, including any design of store layout, signage, advertising and marketing materials, consumer communications, artworks, webpages,
mobile app content, and other materials that JD US may provide to us, in all cases solely in connection with our operation and promotion
of our retail supermarket stores in the State of California as approved by JD US, and the products and goods and the related services
offered and sold in such stores. 

TRADEMARKS 

HK GOOD FORTUNE SUPERMARKET and
registered trademarks consisting of the stylized wording of GOOD FORTUNE are our self-owned trademark and were filed
with the United States Patent and Trademark Office for registration application in September 2021 and is awaiting approval
but the 30-day opposition period has expired. Such trademark is currently the brand of our four retail supermarkets and will also
cover such other supermarkets that we acquire in the future. We consider our trademark to be a valuable asset that diversifies customer s
value alternatives, a useful strategy to enhance profit margins and an important way to establish and protect our brand in a competitive
environment. We are not currently in any trademark disputes with any third party. 

INSURANCE 

We use a combination of insurance and self-insurance to
provide coverage for potential liability for worker s compensation, automobile and general liability, product liability, employee
health care benefits and other casualty and property risks. Changes in legal trends and interpretations, variability in inflation rates,
changes in the nature and method of claims settlement, benefit level changes due to changes in applicable laws, insolvency or insurance
carriers, and changes in discount rates could all affect ultimate settlements of claims. We evaluate our insurance requirements on an
ongoing basis to ensure that our insurance programs maintain adequate levels of coverage. 

13 

REGULATION 

As a supermarket retailer, we are subject to numerous
health and safety laws and regulations. Our suppliers are also subject to such laws and regulations. These laws and regulations apply
to many aspects of our business, including the manufacturing, packaging, labeling, distribution, advertising, sale, quality and safety
of products we sell, as well as the health and safety of our team members and the protection of the environment. We are subject to regulation
by various government agencies, including the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the FDA ), the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(the USDA ), the Federal Trade Commission (the FTC ), the Occupational Safety and Health Administration OSHA ),
the Consumer Product Safety Commission (the CPSC ), the Environmental Protection Agency (the EPA ), as well
as various state and local agencies. 

New or revised government laws and regulations,
as well as increased enforcement by government agencies, could result in compliance costs and civil remedies.
An example is the FDA Food Safety Modernization Act (referred to as FSMA ), passed in January 2011, which grant the FDA greater
authority over the safety of the national food supply. Specifically, the FSMA requires the FDA to issue regulations mandating that risk-based preventive
controls be observed by the majority of food producers. This authority applies to all domestic food facilities and, by way of imported
food supplier verification requirements, to all foreign facilities that supply food products. In addition, the FSMA requires the FDA to
establish science-based minimum standards for the safe production and harvesting of produce, requires the FDA to identify high
risk foods and high risk facilities, and instructs the FDA to set goals for the frequency of FDA inspections of such
high risk facilities as well as non-high risk facilities and foreign facilities from which food is imported into the United States. 

With respect to both food and dietary supplements,
the FSMA meaningfully augments the FDA s ability to access producer s and supplier s records. This increased access
could permit the FDA to identify areas of concern it had not previously considered to be problematic either for us, our producers, or our
suppliers. The FSMA is also likely to result in enhanced tracking and tracing of food requirements and, as a result, added recordkeeping
burdens upon our producers and suppliers. In addition, under the FSMA, the FDA has the authority to inspect certifications and therefore
evaluate whether foods and ingredients from our producers and suppliers are compliant with the FDA s regulatory requirements. Such
inspections may delay the supply of certain products or result in certain products being unavailable to us for sale in our stores. 

The FDA has broad authority to enforce the provisions
of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act applicable to the safety, labeling, manufacturing and promotion of foods, including powers
to issue a public warning letter to a company, publicize information about illegal products, institute an administrative detention of
food, request or order a recall of illegal products from the market, and request the Department of Justice to initiate a seizure action,
an injunction action or a criminal prosecution in the U.S. courts. Pursuant to the FSMA, the FDA also has the power to refuse the import
of any food that is not appropriately verified as in compliance with all FDA laws and regulations. Moreover, the FDA has the authority
to administratively suspend the registration of any facility producing food, including supplements, deemed to present a reasonable probability
of causing serious adverse health consequences. 

In connection with the marketing and advertisement
of products we sell, we could be the target of claims relating to false or deceptive advertising, including under the auspices of the
FTC and the consumer protection statutes of some states. These events could interrupt the marketing and sales of products in our stores,
severely damage our brand reputation and public image, increase the cost of products in our stores, result in product recalls or litigation,
and impede our ability to deliver merchandise in sufficient quantities or quality to our stores, which could result in a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

14 

We are also subject to laws and regulations more
generally applicable to retailers, including labor and employment, taxation, zoning and land use, environmental protection, workplace
safety, public health, community right-to-know and alcoholic beverage sales. Certain local regulations may limit our ability to sell
alcoholic beverages at certain times. Our stores are subject to unscheduled inspections on a regular basis which, if violations are found,
could result in the assessment of fines, suspension of one or more needed licenses and, in the case of repeated critical 
violations, closure of the store until a re-inspection demonstrates that we have remediated the problem. The buildings in which some
stores are located are old and therefore require greater maintenance expenditures by us in order to maintain them in compliance with applicable
building codes. If we are unable to maintain these stores in compliance with applicable building codes, we could be required by the building
department to close them. Additionally, a number of federal, state and local laws impose requirements or restrictions on business owners
with respect to access by disabled persons. Our compliance with these laws may result in modifications to our properties, or prevent us
from performing certain further renovations. Furthermore, our new store openings could be delayed or prevented or our existing stores could
be impacted by difficulties or failures in our ability to obtain or maintain required approvals or licenses. 

In addition, we are subject to environmental laws
pursuant to which we could be held responsible for all of the costs relating to any contamination at our or our predecessors past
or present facilities and at third-party waste disposal sites, regardless of our knowledge of, or responsibility for, such contamination.
We are also subject to laws governing our relationship with employees, including minimum wage requirements, overtime, working conditions,
immigration, and work permit requirements. 

As is common in our industry, we rely on our
suppliers and contract manufacturers to ensure that the products they manufacture and sell to us comply with all applicable
regulatory and legislative requirements. In general, we seek certifications of compliance, representations and warranties,
indemnification and/or insurance from our suppliers and contract manufacturers. However, even with adequate insurance and
indemnification, any claims of non-compliance could significantly damage our reputation and consumer confidence in our
products. In order to comply with applicable statutes and regulations, our suppliers and contract manufacturers have from time to
time reformulated, eliminated or relabeled certain aspects of their products and we have revised certain provisions of our sales and
marketing program. 

We cannot predict the nature of future laws,
regulations, interpretations or applications, or determine what effect either additional government regulations or administrative
orders, when and if promulgated, or disparate federal, state and local regulatory schemes would have on our business in the future.
They could, however, increase our costs or require the reformulation of certain products to meet new standards, recall or
discontinue certain products not able to be reformulated, impose additional recordkeeping, expand documentation of the properties
of certain products, expand or require different labeling based on scientific substantiation. 

Corporate Information 

We were founded in July 2019 as Maison International,
Inc., an Illinois corporation, with our principal place of business in California. Immediately upon formation, the Company acquired three
retail Asian supermarkets in Los Angeles, California and subsequently rebranded them as HK Good Fortune Supermarkets or
 Hong Kong Supermarkets. In September 2021, the Company was reincorporated in the State of Delaware as a corporation
registered under the laws of the State of Delaware and renamed Maison Solutions Inc. 

Our corporate headquarters are located in Monterey
Park, California. Maison has retail supermarkets in San Gabriel, California, Monrovia, California, El Monte, California and Monterey Park,
California. 

We are a smaller reporting company 
as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or (the Exchange Act ), and have elected to
take advantage of certain aspects of the scaled disclosure available for smaller reporting companies. 

Available Information 

Our Internet website is www.maisonsolutionsinc.com.
Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed or furnished
pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Exchange Act are available, free of charge, under the Investor Relations tab of our website
as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Additionally, the SEC maintains
a website located at www.sec.gov that contains the information we file or furnish electronically with the SEC. 

15 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Investing in our Class A common stock involves
a high degree of risk. Investors should carefully consider the risks described below and all of the other information set forth in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our financial statements and related notes and Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, before deciding to invest in our Class A common stock. If any of the events or
developments described below occur, our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be materially or adversely affected.
As a result, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline, and investors could lose all or part of their investment. 

Risks Related to Our Business 

There is no guarantee that our center-satellite model
will succeed. 

We currently manage and operate four
traditional Asian supermarkets, which will be the center stores in our center-satellite business model. We currently own a 10 
equity interest in the Alhambra Store. We intend to acquire the remaining 90 of the equity interest in the Alhambra Store with a
portion of the proceeds from our initial public offering and operate the Alhambra Store as our first satellite store. Our
center-satellite store network model is new and we have no record of success before our initial public offering. We cannot
guarantee that our intended center-satellite model will succeed. 

We may not be able to successfully implement
our growth strategy on a timely basis or at all. Additionally, new stores may place a greater burden on our existing resources and adversely
affect our existing business. 

Our continued growth depends, in large part, on
our ability to open new stores and to operate those stores successfully. Successful implementation of this strategy depends upon, among
other things: 

the identification of suitable sites for store locations; 

the negotiation and execution of acceptable lease terms; 

the ability to continue to attract customers to our stores largely through favorable word-of-mouth publicity, rather than through
conventional advertising; 

the hiring, training and retention of skilled store personnel; 

the identification and relocation of experienced store management personnel; 

the ability to secure and manage the inventory necessary for the launch and operation of our new stores and effective management of
inventory to meet the needs of our stores on a timely basis; 

the availability of sufficient levels of cash flow or necessary financing to support our expansion; and 

the ability to successfully address competitive merchandising, distribution and other challenges encountered in connection with expansion
into new geographic areas and markets. 

We, or our third party vendors, may not be able
to adapt our distribution, management information and other operating systems to adequately supply products to new stores at competitive
prices so that we can operate the stores in a successful and profitable manner. We cannot assure you that we will continue to grow through
new store openings. Additionally, our proposed expansion will place increased demands on our operational, managerial and administrative
resources. These increased demands could cause us to operate our existing business less effectively, which in turn could cause deterioration
in the financial performance of our existing stores. Further, new store openings in markets where we have existing stores may result in
reduced sales volumes at our existing stores in those markets. If we experience a decline in performance, we may slow or discontinue store
openings, or we may decide to close stores that we are unable to operate in a profitable manner. If we fail to successfully implement
our growth strategy, including by opening new stores, our business and financial condition and operating results may be adversely affected. 

One of our debt financing arrangements
is currently in default, which may restrict our current and future business and operations. 

As of April 30, 2023, we are in violation
of the debt service coverage ratio covenant on our loan with American First National Bank. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
American First National Bank has not notified us that we are in default and has not taken any action as a result of this default, and
we have not received a waiver from American First National Bank in relation to this violation. If we are unable to obtain continued forbearance
from American First National Bank on this loan, we may be subject to repayment of the entire loan amount of 0.31 million at any
time prior to the loan maturity date of March 2, 2024 at the sole discretion of American First National Bank, which may have a material
adverse impact on our business, operations or financial condition. Management and the Board of Directors are evaluating options to improve
liquidity and address the Company s long-term capital structure; however, there can be no assurance that any such option or
plan will be available on favorable terms, or at all. 

16 

The terms of our debt financing arrangements,
one of which is currently in default, may restrict our current and future operations, which could adversely affect our ability to respond
to changes in our business and to manage our operations. 

We are a borrower under certain bank loans and
loans from the U.S. Small Business Administration (the SBA in the aggregate amount of approximately 2.93 million
as of April 30, 2023. These debt financing arrangements contain, and any additional debt financing we may incur would likely contain,
covenants that restrict our ability to, among other things: grant liens; incur additional debt; pay dividends on our Class A common stock;
redeem our Class A common stock; make certain investments; engage in certain merger, consolidation or asset sale transactions; entering
into certain type of transactions with affiliates; pay subordinated debt; purchasing or carrying margin stock; make changes in nature
of business; make certain dispositions; guarantee the debts of others; and form joint ventures or partnerships. 

Further, failure to comply with the covenants under
our debt financing arrangements may have a material adverse impact on our operations. If we fail to comply with any of the covenants under
our indebtedness, and are unable to obtain a waiver or amendment, such failure may result in an event of default under our indebtedness. 

There is no guarantee that our partnership
with JD US will be successful. 

In April 2021, we entered into a series of
agreements with JD US. Under these agreements, we and JD US agreed that JD US will assist us in upgrading our store management system
and improving our product inventory with JD.com s first tier product sourcing capacity in China. We also expect to benefit from
JD.com s brand name by co-branding our new stores. However, our partnership with JD US is at a very early stage and our success
will depend on the long term cooperation with JD US. There is no guarantee that JD US will not terminate its cooperation with us
before our business cooperation comes to fruition and there is no guarantee that our business cooperation will come to a successful
fruition. Pursuant to our Collaboration Agreement with JD US (the Collaboration Agreement ), either party may terminate the
Collaboration Agreement by giving notice in writing to the other party if the other party commits a material breach of agreement or the
other party suffers an Insolvency Event (as defined in the Collaboration Agreement). 

Our new store base, or stores opened
or acquired in the future, may negatively impact our financial results in the short-term, and may not achieve sales and operating
levels consistent with our mature store base on a timely basis or at all and may negatively impact our business and financial results. 

We have actively pursued new store growth in existing
and new markets and plan to continue doing so in the future. Our growth continues to depend, in part, on our ability to open and operate
new stores successfully. New stores may not achieve sustained sales and operating levels consistent with our mature store base on a timely
basis or at all. This may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. In addition, if we acquire stores in
the future, we may not be able to successfully integrate those stores into our existing store base and those stores may not be profitable
or as profitable as our existing stores. 

We cannot assure you that our new store openings
will be successful or result in greater sales and profitability for the Company. New stores build their sales volume and their customer
base over time and, as a result, generally have lower gross margins and higher operating expenses as a percentage of net sales than our
more mature stores. There may be a negative impact on our results from a lower contribution of new stores, along with the impact of related
pre-opening and applicable store management relocation costs. Further, we have experienced in the past, and expect to experience
in the future, some sales volume transfer from our existing stores to our new stores as some of our existing customers switch to new,
closer locations. Any failure to successfully open and operate new stores in the time frames and at the costs estimated by us could result
in an adverse effect on our business and financial condition, operating results and a decline of the price of our Class A common
stock. 

Because we have entered into a significant
number of related party transactions through the course of our routine business operations, there is a risk of conflicts of interest involving
our management, and that such transactions may not reflect terms that would be available from unaffiliated third parties. 

In the course of our normal business, we have engaged
in certain transactions with our related parties which are affiliated with our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, John Xu, and his
wife Grace Xu. In all related party transactions, there is a risk that even if the Company personnel negotiating on behalf of the Company
with the related party are striving to ensure that the terms of the transaction are arms-length, the related party s influence may
be such that the transaction terms could be viewed as favorable to that related party. We are likely to continue to engage in these transactions
as a result of existing relationships, and may enter into new transactions with related parties. It is possible that we could have received
more favorable terms had these agreements been entered into with third parties. See Certain Relationships and Related Party
Transactions for specific information about our related party transactions. 

Security incidents and attacks on our information technology
systems could lead to significant costs and disruptions that could harm our business, financial results, and reputation. 

We rely extensively on information technology systems
to conduct our business, some of which are managed by third-party service providers. Information technology supports several aspects of
our business, including among others, product sourcing, pricing, customer service, transaction processing, financial reporting, collections
and cost management. Our ability to operate effectively on a day-to-day basis and accurately report our results depends on a solid technological
infrastructure, which is inherently susceptible to internal and external threats. We are vulnerable to interruption by power loss, telecommunication
failures, internet failures, security breaches and other catastrophic events. Exposure to various types of cyber-attacks such as malware,
computer viruses, worms or other malicious acts, as well as human error, could also potentially disrupt our operations or result in a
significant interruption in the delivery of our goods and services. 

17 

Risks Related to Our Industry 

We face competition in our industry,
and our failure to compete successfully may have an adverse effect on our profitability and operating results. 

Food retail is a competitive industry. Our competition
varies and includes national, regional and local conventional supermarkets, national superstores, alternative food retailers, natural
foods stores, smaller specialty stores, farmers markets, supercenters, online retailers, mass or discount retailers and membership
warehouse clubs. Our principal competitors include 99 Ranch Market and HMart for traditional supermarkets and Weee! for online groceries.
Each of these stores competes with us on the basis of product selection, product quality, customer service, price, store format, and location,
or a combination of these factors. In addition, some competitors are aggressively expanding their number of stores or their product offerings.
Many of these competitors may have been in business longer or may have more experience operating multiple store locations or may have
greater financial or marketing resources than we do and may be able to devote greater resources to sourcing, promoting and selling their
products. As competition in certain areas intensifies or competitors open stores within close proximity to one of our stores, our results
of operations may be negatively impacted through a loss of sales, decrease in market share, reduction in margin from competitive price
changes or greater operating costs. In addition, other established food retailers could enter our markets, increasing competition for
market share. 

Our inability to maintain or improve
levels of comparable store sales could cause our stock price to decline. 

We may not be able to maintain or improve the levels
of comparable store sales that we have experienced in the recent past. As a result, our operating results may decline resulting in
a corresponding decline in the market price of our Class A common stock. Our store sales may fluctuate and a variety of factors affect
comparable store sales, including: 

general economic conditions; 

the impact of new and acquired stores entering into the comparable store base; 

the opening of new stores that eroded store sales in existing areas; 

increased competitive activity; 

price changes in response to competitive factors; 

possible supply shortage; 

consumer preferences, buying trends and spending levels; 

product price inflation and deflation; 

the number and dollar amount of customer transactions in our stores; 

cycling against any year of above-average sales results; 

our ability to provide product offerings that generate new and repeat visits to our stores; 

the level of customer service that we provide in our stores; 

our price optimization initiative; 

our in-store merchandising-related activities; 

our ability to source products efficiently; and 

the number of stores we open in any period. 

Increased commodity prices and availability
may impact profitability. 

Many products we sell include ingredients such
as wheat, corn, oils, milk, sugar, cocoa and other commodities. Commodity prices worldwide have been increasing due to supply chain disruptions,
the war in Ukraine or otherwise. Any increase in commodity prices may cause our vendors to seek price increases from us. We cannot assure
you that we will be able to mitigate vendor efforts to increase our costs, either in whole, or in part. In the event we are unable to
continue mitigating potential vendor price increases, we may, in turn, consider raising our prices, and our customers may be deterred
by any such price increases. Our profitability may be impacted through increased costs to us which may impact gross margins, or through
reduced revenue as a result of a decline in the number and average size of customer transactions. 

18 

Economic conditions that impact consumer
spending could materially affect our business. 

Our results of operations may be materially affected
by changes in overall economic conditions that impact consumer confidence and spending, including discretionary spending. This risk may
be exacerbated if customers choose lower-cost alternatives in response to economic conditions. Current and/or future economic conditions
affecting disposable consumer income such as employment levels, business conditions, changes in housing market conditions, the availability
of credit, interest rates, tax rates, fuel and energy costs and other matters could reduce consumer spending. In addition, increases in
utility, fuel and commodity prices could affect our cost of doing business by increasing the cost of illuminating and operating our stores
and the transportation costs borne by our third-party service providers, which they may seek to recover through increased prices
charged to us. We may not be able to recover these rising costs through increased prices charged to our customers and these increased
prices may exacerbate the risk of customers choosing lower-cost alternatives. In addition, recent increases in inflation have directly
impacted our purchase costs, occupancy costs and payroll costs leading us to increase prices to offset these inflationary pressures. Continued
increase in inflationary pressures, combined with reduced consumer spending, could reduce gross profit margins. As a result, our business,
financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

Our inability to maintain or increase
our operating margins could adversely affect the price of our Class A common stock. 

We intend to continue to increase our
operating margins through scale efficiencies, improved systems, continued cost discipline and enhancements to our merchandise
offerings. If we are unable to successfully manage the potential difficulties associated with store growth, we may not be able to
capture the scale efficiencies that we expect from expansion. If we are not able to continue to capture scale efficiencies, improve
our systems, continue our cost discipline, maintain appropriate store labor level and disciplined product selection, and enhance our
merchandise offerings, we may not be able to achieve our goals with respect to operating margins. In addition, if we do not
adequately refine and improve our various ordering, tracking and allocation systems, we may not be able to increase sales and reduce
inventory shrinkage. As a result, our operating margins may remain flat or decline, which could materially and adversely affect
business, financial condition, results of operations and, in turn, the price of our Class A common stock. 

We may be unable to protect or maintain
our intellectual property, including HK Good Fortune, which could result in customer confusion and adversely affect our business. 

We rely on a combination of trademark, trade secret,
copy right and domain name law and internal procedures and nondisclosure agreements to protect our intellectual property. We believe that
our intellectual property has substantial value and has contributed significantly to the success of our business. In particular, our trademarks,
including our registered trade name HK GOOD FORTUNE SUPERMARKET and registered trademarks consisting of the stylized wording
of GOOD FORTUNE , and our domain names, including https://maisonsolutionsinc.com/ , are valuable assets that reinforce
our customers favorable perception of our stores. However, there can be no assurance that our intellectual property rights will
be sufficient to distinguish our products and services from those of our competitors and to provide us with a competitive advantage. 

Our success depends upon our ability
to source and market new products to meet our high standards and customer preferences and our ability to offer our customers an aesthetically
pleasing shopping environment. 

Our success depends on our ability to source
and market new products that both meet our standards for quality and appeal to customers preferences. A small number of our
employees, including our in-house merchants, are primarily responsible for both sourcing products that meet our high
specifications and identifying and responding to changing customer preferences. Failure to source and market such products, or to
accurately forecast changing customer preferences, could lead to a decrease in the number of customer transactions at our stores and
a decrease in the amount customers spend when they visit our stores. In addition, the sourcing of our products is dependent, in
part, on our relationships with our vendors. If we are unable to maintain these relationships we may not be able to continue to
source products at competitive prices that both meet our standards and appeal to our customers. We also attempt to create a pleasant
and aesthetically appealing shopping experience. If we are not successful in creating a pleasant and appealing shopping experience
we may lose customers to our competitors. If we do not succeed in maintaining good relationships with our vendors, introducing and
sourcing new products that consumers want to buy or if we are unable to provide a pleasant and appealing shopping environment or
maintain our level of customer service, our sales, operating margins and market share may decrease, resulting in reduced
profitability, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

19 

If we are unable to successfully identify
market trends and react to changing consumer preferences in a timely manner, our sales may decrease. 

We believe our success depends, in substantial
part, on our ability to: 

anticipate, identify and react to grocery and food trends and changing consumer preferences in a timely manner; 

translate market trends into appropriate, saleable product and service offerings in our stores before our competitors do; and 

develop and maintain vendor relationships that provide us access to the newest merchandise on reasonable terms. 

If we are unable to anticipate and satisfy consumer
preferences in the regions where we operate, our sales may decrease, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations and, in turn, the price of our Class A common stock. 

Because our stores rely heavily on sales of perishable
products, or product supply disruptions may have an adverse effect on our profitability and operating results. 

We have a significant focus on perishable
products. Sales of perishable products accounted for approximately 56.5 and 57.5 of our total sales in fiscal years 2023 and
2022, respectively. We rely on various suppliers and vendors to provide and deliver our perishable product inventory on a continuous
basis. We could suffer significant product inventory losses in the event of the loss of a major supplier or vendor, disruptions of
our distribution network, extended power outages, natural disasters such as floods, droughts, frosts, earthquakes, hurricanes and
pestilences or other catastrophic occurrences. Adverse weather conditions and natural disasters can lower crop yields and reduce
crop size and quality, which in turn could reduce the available supply of, or increase the price of, fresh produce. We have
implemented certain systems to ensure our ordering is in line with demand. We cannot assure you, however, that our ordering system
will always work efficiently, in particular in connection with the opening of new stores, which have no, or a limited, ordering
history. If we were to over-order, which could result in inventory losses, or otherwise were not able to maintain inventory suitable
for our business needs, it would materially and negatively impact our operating results. 

Products we sell could cause unexpected
side effects, illness, injury or death that could result in their discontinuance or expose us to lawsuits, either of which could result
in unexpected costs and damage to our reputation. 

There is increasing governmental scrutiny of and
public awareness regarding food safety. Unexpected side effects, illness, injury, or death caused by products we sell could result in
the discontinuance of sales of these products or prevent us from achieving market acceptance of the affected products. Such side effects,
illnesses, injuries and death could also expose us to product liability or negligence lawsuits for which we do not have adequate insurance
coverage. Any claims brought against us may exceed our existing or future insurance policy coverage or limits. Any judgment against us
that is in excess of our policy limits would have to be paid from our cash reserves, which would reduce our capital resources. The real
or perceived sale of contaminated or harmful products would cause negative publicity regarding our company, brand, or products, which
could in turn harm our reputation and net sales, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial
condition and, in turn, the price of our Class A common stock . 

We may experience negative effects to
our reputation from real or perceived quality or health issues with our food products, which could have an adverse effect on our operating
results. 

We could be materially and adversely affected
if consumers lose confidence in the safety and quality of products we sell. Concerns regarding the safety of our food products or
the safety and quality of our food supply chain could cause shoppers to avoid purchasing certain products from us, or to seek
alternative sources of food, even if the basis for the concern is outside of our control. In addition, adverse publicity about these
concerns, whether or not ultimately based on fact, and whether or not involving products sold at our stores, could discourage
consumers from buying our products and have an adverse effect on our operating results. Furthermore, the sale of food products
entails an inherent risk of product liability claims, product recall and the resulting negative publicity. Food products containing
contaminants could be inadvertently distributed by us and, if processing at the consumer level does not eliminate them, these
contaminants could result in illness or death. We cannot assure you that product liability claims will not be asserted against us or
that we will not be obligated to perform product recalls in the future. 

20 

Any lost confidence on the part of our customers
would be difficult and costly to re-establish. Any such adverse effect could be exacerbated by our position in the market as a purveyor
of fresh, high-quality food products and could significantly reduce our brand value. Issues regarding the safety of any food items
sold by us, regardless of the cause, could have a substantial and materially adverse effect on our sales and operating results. 

The current geographic concentration
of our stores creates an exposure to local economies, regional downturns or severe weather or catastrophic occurrences that may materially
and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

We currently operate all of our stores in the
Los Angeles, California metropolitan area. As a result, our business is currently more susceptible to regional conditions than the
operations of more geographically diversified competitors, and we are vulnerable to economic downturns in those regions. Any
unforeseen events or circumstances that negatively affect these areas could materially and adversely affect our revenues and
profitability. These factors include, among other things, changes in demographics, population and employee bases, wage increases,
and changes in economic conditions. 

Severe weather conditions and other
catastrophic occurrences such as earthquakes and fires in areas in which we have stores or from which we obtain products may
materially and adversely affect our results of operations. Such conditions may result in reduced customer traffic and spending in
our stores, physical damage to our stores, loss of inventory, closure of one or more of our stores, inadequate work force in our
markets, temporary disruption in the supply of products, delays in the delivery of goods to our stores and a reduction in the
availability of products in our stores. Any of these factors may disrupt our business and materially and adversely affect our
business and financial condition and result of operations . 

Energy costs are an increasingly significant
component of our operating expenses and increasing energy costs, unless offset by more efficient usage or other operational responses,
may impact our profitability. 

We utilize natural gas, water, sewer and electricity
in our stores and gasoline and diesel are used in trucks that deliver products to our stores. We may also be required to pay certain adjustments
or other amounts pursuant to our supply and delivery contracts in connection with increases in fuel prices. Increases in energy costs,
whether driven by increased demand, decreased or disrupted supply or an anticipation of any such events will increase the costs of operating
our stores. Our shipping costs have also increased recently due to rising fuel and freight prices, and these costs may continue to increase.
We may not be able to recover these rising costs through increased prices charged to our customers, and any increased prices may exacerbate
the risk of customers choosing lower-cost alternatives. In addition, if we are unsuccessful in attempts to protect against these
increases in energy costs through long-term energy contracts, improved energy procurement, improved efficiency and other operational
improvements, the overall costs of operating our stores will increase, which would impact our profitability, financial condition and results
of operations. 

21 

Our
business could be harmed by a failure of our information technology, administrative or outsourcing systems. 

We
rely on our information technology, administrative and outsourcing systems to effectively manage our business data, communications, supply
chain, order entry and fulfillment and other business processes. The failure of our information technology, administrative or outsourcing
systems to perform as we anticipate could disrupt our business and result in transaction errors, processing inefficiencies and the loss
of sales and customers, causing our business to suffer. In addition, our information technology and administrative and outsourcing systems
may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from circumstances beyond our control, including fire, natural disasters, systems failures,
viruses and security breaches, including breaches of our transaction processing or other systems that could result in the compromise
of confidential customer data. Any such damage or interruption could have a material adverse effect on our business, cause us to face
significant fines, customer notice obligations or costly litigation, harm our reputation with our customers, require us to expend significant
time and expense developing, maintaining or upgrading our information technology, administrative or outsourcing systems or prevent us
from paying our suppliers or employees, receiving payments from our customers or performing other information technology, administrative
or outsourcing services on a timely basis. Any material interruption in our information systems may have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and operating results. 

If
we experience a data security breach and confidential customer information is disclosed, we may be subject to penalties and experience
negative publicity, which could affect our customer relationships and have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We
and our customers could suffer harm if customer information were accessed by third parties due to a security failure in our systems.
The collection of data and processing of transactions require us to receive, transmit and store a large amount of personally identifiable
and transaction related data. This type of data is subject to legislation and regulation in various jurisdictions. Recently, data security
breaches suffered by well-known companies and institutions have attracted a substantial amount of media attention, prompting state
and federal legislative proposals addressing data privacy and security. If some of the current proposals are adopted, we may be subject
to more extensive requirements to protect the customer information that we process in connection with the purchases of our products.
We may become exposed to potential liabilities with respect to the data that we collect, manage and process, and may incur legal costs
if our information security policies and procedures are not effective or if we are required to defend our methods of collection, processing
and storage of personal data. Future investigations, lawsuits or adverse publicity relating to our methods of handling personal data
could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows due to the costs and negative market reaction
relating to such developments. Additionally, if we suffer data breaches one or more of the credit card processing companies that we rely
on may refuse to allow us to continue to participate in their network, which would limit our ability to accept credit cards at our stores
and could adversely affect our business and financial condition and results of operations. 

Disruption
of any significant supplier relationship could negatively affect our business. 

We work with four primary suppliers. These primary
suppliers accounted for approximately 51.5 and 61.3 of our total purchases in fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively. Due to this
concentration of purchases from these primary suppliers, the cancellation of our supply arrangement with any of them or the disruption,
delay or inability of any of them to deliver products to our stores may materially and adversely affect our operating results while we
attempt to establish alternative distribution channels. If our suppliers fail to comply with food safety or other laws and regulations,
or face allegations of non-compliance, their operations may be disrupted. In addition, we also do not have agreements in writing with
these suppliers, and we may not be able to contract with them on acceptable terms or at all. We cannot assure you that we would be able
to find replacement suppliers on commercially reasonable terms if at all. The price may increase in doing business through these suppliers
which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
reliance on relatively few vendors for the majority of our inventory could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

We currently rely on a relatively small number of vendors to
provide us with the majority of our inventory, with 3 of our vendors providing approximately 33 of our total inventory in the year ended
April 30, 2023 and 3 of our vendors providing approximately 58 of our total inventory in the year ended April 30, 2022. These third-party vendors
are not our employees, and except for remedies available to us under our agreements with such third-party, we have limited ability
to control the amount or timing of resources that any such third-party will devote to manufacturing our supplies. If these third-party vendors do not satisfactorily carry out their contractual duties or fail to meet expected deadlines,
our inventory may not be sufficient to meet the needs of our customers and we may lose revenue. The third parties we rely on for these
services may also have relationships with other entities, some of which may be our competitors. We often use vendors selectively for quality
and cost reasons. Significant price increases, or disruptions in the ability to obtain inventory from existing vendors, may force us to
increase our prices (which we may be unable to do) or reduce our margins, which would force us to use alternative vendors. As such, our
reliance on relatively few vendors could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

22 

If
any of our relationships with these third parties terminate, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with alternative third parties
or do so on commercially reasonable terms. Any change in the existing vendors we use could cause delays in the delivery of products and
possible losses in revenue, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, alternative
vendors may not be available, or may not provide their products and services at similar or favorable prices. If we cannot obtain the
inventory, or alternatives at similar or favorable prices, our ability to serve our customers may be severely impacted, which could have
an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Supply
chain risks may affect our business plans. 

The
products we sell are sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international vendors. Continued supply chain disruptions or the inability
to find qualified vendors and access products that meet requisite quality and safety standards in a timely and efficient manner could
adversely affect our business. Failure to adequately source and timely ship our products to customers could lead to lost potential revenue,
failure to meet customer demand, strained relationships with customers, and diminished brand loyalty. Additionally, if the supply chain
disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and/or the war in Ukraine continue to occur, we may experience continued supply chain
disruption which could result in delays in new store openings. We expect to still be impacted by global logistics challenges in the fiscal
year ending April 30, 2023. 

Our
high level of fixed lease obligations could adversely affect our financial performance. 

Our
high level of fixed lease obligations will require us to use a significant portion of cash generated by our operations to satisfy these
obligations, and could adversely impact our ability to obtain future financing to support our growth or other operational investments.
We require substantial cash flows from operations to make our payments under our operating leases, all of which provide for periodic
increases in rent. If we are not able to make the required payments under our store leases, the lenders or owners of the relevant stores
could, among other things, repossess those assets, which could adversely affect our ability to conduct our operations. Our failure to
make payments under our operating leases could trigger defaults under other leases or under agreements governing our indebtedness, which
could cause the counterparties under those agreements to accelerate the obligations due thereunder. 

If
we are unable to renew or replace current store leases or if we are unable to enter into leases for additional stores on favorable terms,
or if one or more of our current leases is terminated prior to expiration of its stated term, and we cannot find suitable alternate locations,
our growth and profitability could be negatively impacted. 

We
currently lease all of our store locations. Many of our current leases provide a unilateral option to renew for several additional
rental periods at specific rental rates. Our ability to re-negotiate favorable terms on an expiring lease or to negotiate
favorable terms for a suitable alternate location, and our ability to negotiate favorable lease terms for additional store
locations, could depend on conditions in the real estate market, competition for desirable properties, its relationships with
current and prospective landlords, or other factors that are not within our control. Any or all of these factors and conditions
could negatively impact our growth and profitability. 

Our
sales had increased during the COVID-19 pandemic and there is no guarantee that such increase will continue post the Pandemic. 

Since
early 2020, in response to the spread of COVID-19, customers shopped for extra food, groceries, supplies and merchandises to put
into storage. However, as the COVID-19 pandemic has been gradually contained in United States, customers began returning
to their normal shopping habits and consequently their spending on food and groceries may decline. Pandemic-induced extra
shopping may not be sustained, and in future periods our revenue may decline. The COVID-19 pandemic also caused travel and
transportation restrictions, which put a strain on our supply chain. In addition, the United States is in general experiencing
a labor shortage across industries and we are also experiencing difficulties in hiring a sufficient number of employees, which has
reduced our capacity and efficiency of our operations. At this point, the extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our
long-term results remains uncertain, and we are closely monitoring its impact on us. Our business, results of operations,
financial conditions and prospects could be adversely affected directly, as well as indirectly to the extent that COVID-19 or
any other pandemic or natural disaster harms the U.S. economy in general and/or subsequent labor shortages continue. 

Legal
proceedings could materially impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
operations, which are characterized by a high volume of customer traffic and by transactions involving a wide variety of product selections,
carry a higher exposure to consumer litigation risk when compared to the operations of companies operating in some other industries.
Consequently, we may be a party to individual personal injury, product liability, intellectual property, employment-related and
other legal actions in the ordinary course of our business, including litigation arising from food-related illness. The outcome
of litigation, particularly class action lawsuits, is difficult to assess or quantify. Plaintiffs in these types of lawsuits may seek
recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts, and the magnitude of the potential loss relating to such lawsuits may remain unknown
for substantial periods of time. While we maintain insurance, insurance coverage may not be adequate, and the cost to defend against
future litigation may be significant. There may also be adverse publicity associated with litigation that may decrease consumer confidence
in our business, regardless of whether the allegations are valid or whether we are ultimately found liable. As a result, litigation may
materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

23 

Claims
under our insurance plans may differ from our estimates, which could materially impact our results of operations. 

We
use a combination of insurance and self-insurance plans to provide for the potential liabilities for workers compensation,
general liability (including, in connection with legal proceedings described under Legal proceedings could materially
impact our business, financial condition and results of operations above), property insurance, director and officers liability
insurance, vehicle liability and team member health-care benefits. Liabilities associated with the risks that are retained by us
are estimated, in part, by considering historical claims experience, demographic factors, severity factors and other actuarial assumptions.
Our results could be materially impacted by claims and other expenses related to such plans if future occurrences and claims differ from
these assumptions and historical trends. 

Failure
to sustain customer growth or failure to maintain customer relationships could materially and adversely affect our business and operating
results. 

Customer
loyalty and growth are essential to our business. Damage to our reputation or failure to anticipate the needs of our customers could
diminish customer loyalty and reduce customer activity in stores and on our e-commerce platform, which could cause our revenue income
to decline and negatively impact our profitability. In addition, if our existing and new business opportunities fail to retain our existing
customers or attract new customers on a sustained basis, then our operating results could be adversely affected. 

Failure
to retain our senior management and other key personnel could negatively affect our business. 

We
are dependent upon John Xu, our Chief Executive Officer, and a number of other senior management executives and other key personnel
who have experience in our industry and are familiar with our business, systems and processes. These executives have been primarily responsible
for determining the strategic direction of our business and for executing our growth strategy and are integral to our brand, culture,
and the reputation we enjoy with suppliers and consumers. The loss of services of one or more of these executives or other key employees
could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition and results of operations. In addition, any such departure
could be viewed in a negative light by investors and analysts, which may cause our stock price to decline. We do not maintain key person
insurance on any employee. In addition, none of our key employees are subject to non-competition or non-solicitation obligations. 

If
we are unable to attract, train and retain employees, we may not be able to grow or successfully operate our business. 

The
supermarket retail industry is labor intensive and our success depends, in part, upon our ability to attract, train and retain a sufficient
number of employees who understand and appreciate our culture and are able to represent our brand effectively and establish credibility
with our business partners and consumers. Our ability to meet our labor needs, while controlling wage and labor-related costs, is
subject to numerous external factors, including the availability of a sufficient number of qualified persons in the work force in the
markets in which we are located, unemployment levels within those markets, unionization of the available work force, prevailing wage
rates, changing demographics, health and other insurance costs and changes in employment legislation. In the event of increasing wage
rates, if we fail to increase our wages competitively, the quality of our workforce could decline, causing our customer service to suffer,
while increasing our wages could cause our earnings to decrease. If we are unable to hire and retain employees capable of meeting our
business needs and expectations, our business and brand image may be impaired. Any failure to meet our staffing needs or any material
increase in turnover rates of our employees may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Prolonged
labor disputes with employees and increases in labor costs could adversely affect our business. 

Changes
in federal and state minimum wage laws and other laws relating to employee benefits, pension plans, including the Patient Protection
and Affordable Care Act, could cause us to incur additional wage and benefit costs. Increased labor costs would increase our expenses
and have an adverse impact on our profitability. In addition, any work stoppages or labor disturbances as a result of employees 
dissatisfaction of their current employment terms could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows. We also expect that in the event of a work stoppage or labor disturbance, we could incur additional costs and face increased
competition. 

As
we grow, we may face organized labor disputes or work stoppages, which could have an adverse impact on our operations and financial results. 

Currently none of our employees are subject to a collective bargaining agreement. However, as we grow and the number of employees
continues to increase, it is possible that our employees may want to negotiate collective bargaining agreements with us. If this
occurs and if we are unable to negotiate acceptable contracts with labor unions, it could result in strikes by the affected workers
and thereby significantly disrupt our operations. As part of any collective bargaining agreements, we may need to fund additional
pension contributions, which would negatively impact our free cash flow. Further, if we are unable to control health care and
pension costs provided for in the collective bargaining agreements, we may experience increased operating costs which could
adversely impact on our financial results. 

24 

We
will require significant additional capital to fund our expanding business, which may not be available to us on satisfactory terms or
at all, and even if it is available, failure to use our capital efficiently could have an adverse effect on our profitability. 

To
support our expanding business and pursue our growth strategy, we will utilize significant amounts of cash generated by our operations
to pay our lease obligations, build out new store space, purchase inventory, pay personnel, further invest in our infrastructure and
facilities, and pay for the increased costs associated with operating as a public company. We primarily depend on cash flow from operations
and borrowings under our credit facility to fund our business and growth plans. Our ability to generate cash is subject to general economic,
financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, and other factors that are beyond our control. If our business does not generate sufficient
cash flow from operations to fund these activities, and sufficient funds are not otherwise available to us under our revolving credit
facility, we may need additional equity or debt financing. If such financing is not available to us, or is not available to us on satisfactory
terms, our ability to operate and expand our business or to respond to competitive pressures would be limited and we could be required
to delay, significantly curtail or eliminate planned store openings or operations or other elements of our growth strategy. 

We
may incur additional indebtedness in the future, which could adversely affect our financial health and our ability to react to changes
to our business. 

We
may incur additional indebtedness in the future. Any increase in the amount of our indebtedness could require us to divert funds identified
for other purposes for debt service and impair our liquidity position. If we cannot generate sufficient cash flow from operations to
service our debt, we may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity, sell assets, delay capital expenditures,
curtail growth plans or scale back operations, or seek additional equity investment. We do not know whether we will be able to take any
of such actions on a timely basis, on terms satisfactory to us or at all. 

Our
level of indebtedness has important consequences to you and your investment in our Class A common stock. For example, our level
of indebtedness may: 

require
 us to use a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to pay interest and principal
 on our debt, which would reduce the funds available to us for working capital, capital expenditures,
 growth plans and/or other general corporate purposes; 

limit
 our ability to pay future dividends; 

limit
 our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, expansion
 plans and other investments, which may limit our ability to implement our business strategy
 including both growth strategy on new store development and operational strategy in existing
 stores; 

heighten
 our vulnerability to general adverse economic conditions, downturns in our business, the
 food retail industry, or in the general economy and limit our flexibility in planning for,
 or reacting to, changes in our business and the food retail industry, which would place us
 at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that may have less debt; 

prevent
 us from taking advantage of business opportunities as they arise or successfully carrying
 out our plans to expand our store base and product offerings. 

We
cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available to
us in amounts sufficient to enable us to make payments on our indebtedness or to fund our operations. 

We
are dependent on third-party e-commerce platforms and on third-party networks. 

Our
success depends on our ability to attract and retain new customers and expand our customer base. A substantial portion of our customer
traffic comes from links shared by members through our social networks and via third-party online e-commerce platforms. Any
interruption to or discontinuation of our relationships with major social network operators may severely and negatively impact our ability
to continue growing our user base, thereby producing a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, we rely on our suppliers
and contract manufacturers to ensure that the products they manufacture and sell to us are in compliance with applicable regulatory and
legal requirements. While we seek representations and warranties, indemnifications and/or insurance from our suppliers and contract manufacturers,
any claims of non-compliance could significantly damage our reputation and consumer confidence in products we sell. 

25 

Risks
Related to Regulatory Compliance and Legal Matters 

Changes
in U.S. trade policies could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

Changes
in U.S. trade policies, such as the imposition of tariffs on various goods and a potential resulting trade war in China and other
countries, could have a material adverse impact on our business. Some of our products are produced in China and other foreign
countries, making the price and availability of our products susceptible to international trade risks and other international
conditions. We are unable to predict future trade policy of the United States, China, or of any foreign countries from which we
purchase goods, or the terms of any renegotiated trade agreements, or their impact on our business. Recent trade tensions between
the United States and China could directly impact the import of our products and could have a significant adverse impact on the cost
of our goods and the prices at which we offer them for sale. The adoption or expansion of trade restrictions and tariffs, a trade
war, or other governmental action related to tariffs may adversely affect our business as it may impact the cost of and demand for
our products, our overall costs, our customers, our supplies, and the world economy, which in turn could have a material adverse
effect on our business, operational results, financial position and cash flows. 

Changes
in and enforcement of immigration laws could increase our costs and adversely affect our ability to attract and retain qualified store-level
employees. 

Federal
and state governments from time to time implement laws, regulations or programs that regulate our ability to attract or retain qualified
employees. Some of these changes may increase our obligations for compliance and oversight, which could subject us to additional costs
and make our hiring process more cumbersome, or reduce the availability of potential employees. Although we have implemented, and are
in the process of enhancing, procedures to ensure our compliance with the employment eligibility verification requirements, there can
be no assurance that these procedures are adequate and some of our employees may, without our knowledge, be unauthorized workers. The
employment of unauthorized workers may subject us to fines or civil or criminal penalties, and if any of our workers are found to be
unauthorized we could experience adverse publicity that negatively impacts our brand and makes it more difficult to hire and keep qualified
employees. There can be no assurance that any future audit will not require us to terminate employees and pay fines or other penalties.
The termination of a significant number of employees may disrupt our operations, cause temporary increases in our labor costs as we train
new employees and result in additional adverse publicity. Our operating results could be materially harmed as a result of any of these
factors. 

We,
as well as our vendors, are subject to numerous federal, and local laws and regulations and our compliance with these laws and regulations,
as they currently exist or as modified in the future, may increase our costs, limit or eliminate our ability to sell certain products,
raise regulatory enforcement risks not present in the past, or otherwise adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

As
a supermarket retailer, we are subject to numerous health and safety laws and regulations. Our suppliers are also subject to such laws
and regulations. These laws and regulations apply to many aspects of our business, including the manufacturing, packaging, labeling,
distribution, advertising, sale, quality and safety of products we sell, as well as the health and safety of our team members and the
protection of the environment. We are subject to regulation by various government agencies, including the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
(the FDA ), the U.S. Department of Agriculture (the USDA ), the Federal Trade Commission (the FTC ),
the Occupational Safety and Health Administration OSHA ), the Consumer Product Safety Commission (the CPSC ),
the Environmental Protection Agency (the EPA ), as well as various state and local agencies. 

New
or revised government laws and regulations, such as the FDA Food Safety Modernization Act (referred to as FSMA passed
in January 2011, which grants the FDA greater authority over the safety of the national food supply as well as increased enforcement
by government agencies, could result in additional compliance costs and civil remedies. Specifically, the FSMA requires the FDA to issue
regulations mandating that risk-based preventive controls be observed by the majority of food producers. This authority applies
to all domestic food facilities and, by way of imported food supplier verification requirements, to all foreign facilities that supply
food products. In addition, the FSMA requires the FDA to establish science-based minimum standards for the safe production and harvesting
of produce, requires the FDA to identify high risk foods and high risk facilities and instructs the FDA to
set goals for the frequency of FDA inspections of such high risk facilities as well as non-high risk facilities and foreign facilities
from which food is imported into the United States. 

With
respect to both food and dietary supplements, the FSMA meaningfully augments the FDA s ability to access producer s and supplier s
records. This increased access could permit the FDA to identify areas of concern it had not previously considered to be problematic either
for us, our producers or our suppliers. The FSMA is also likely to result in enhanced tracking and tracing of food requirements and,
as a result, added recordkeeping burdens upon our producers and suppliers. In addition, under the FSMA, the FDA has the authority to
inspect certifications and therefore evaluate whether foods and ingredients from our producers and suppliers are compliant with the FDA s
regulatory requirements. Such inspections may delay the supply of certain products or result in certain products being unavailable to
us for sale in our stores. 

The
FDA has broad authority to enforce the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act applicable to the safety, labeling, manufacturing
and promotion of foods, including powers to issue a public warning letter to a company, publicize information about illegal products,
institute an administrative detention of food, request or order a recall of illegal products from the market, and request the Department
of Justice to initiate a seizure action, an injunction action or a criminal prosecution in the U.S. courts. Pursuant to the FSMA,
the FDA also has the power to refuse the import of any food that is not appropriately verified as in compliance with all FDA laws and
regulations. Moreover, the FDA has the authority to administratively suspend the registration of any facility producing food, including
supplements, deemed to present a reasonable probability of causing serious adverse health consequences. 

26 

In
connection with the marketing and advertisement of products we sell, we could be the target of claims relating to false or deceptive
advertising, including under the auspices of the FTC and the consumer protection statutes of some states. These events could interrupt
the marketing and sales of products in our stores, severely damage our brand reputation and public image, increase the cost of products
in our stores, result in product recalls or litigation, and impede our ability to deliver merchandise in sufficient quantities or quality
to our stores, which could result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
are also subject to laws and regulations more generally applicable to retailers, including labor and employment, taxation, zoning and
land use, environmental protection, workplace safety, public health, community right-to-know and alcoholic beverage sales. Certain
local regulations may limit our ability to sell alcoholic beverages at certain times. Our stores are subject to unscheduled inspections
on a regular basis, which, if violations are found, could result in the assessment of fines, suspension of one or more needed licenses
and, in the case of repeated critical violations, closure of the store until a re-inspection demonstrates that we
have remediated the problem. The buildings in which some stores are located are old and therefore require greater maintenance expenditures
by us in order to maintain them in compliance with applicable building codes. If we are unable to maintain these stores in compliance
with applicable building codes, we could be required by the building department to close them. Additionally, a number of federal, state
and local laws impose requirements or restrictions on business owners with respect to access by disabled persons. Our compliance with
these laws may result in modifications to our properties, or prevent us from performing certain further renovations Furthermore, our new
store openings could be delayed or prevented or our existing stores could be impacted by difficulties or failures in our ability to obtain
or maintain required approvals or licenses. 

In
addition, we are subject to environmental laws pursuant to which we could be held responsible for all of the costs relating to any contamination
at our or our predecessors past or present facilities and at third-party waste disposal sites, regardless of our knowledge
of, or responsibility for, such contamination. We are also subject to laws governing our relationship with employees, including minimum
wage requirements, overtime, working conditions, immigration, and work permit requirements. 

As
is common in our industry, we rely on our suppliers and contract manufacturers to ensure that the products they manufacture and sell
to us comply with all applicable regulatory and legislative requirements. In general, we seek certifications of compliance,
representations and warranties, indemnification and/or insurance from our suppliers and contract manufacturers. However, even with
adequate insurance and indemnification, any claims of non-compliance could significantly damage our reputation and consumer
confidence in our products. In order to comply with applicable statutes and regulations, our suppliers and contract manufacturers
have from time to time reformulated, eliminated or relabeled certain aspects of their products and we have revised certain
provisions of our sales and marketing program. 

We
cannot predict the nature of future laws, regulations, interpretations or applications, or determine what effect either additional
government regulations or administrative orders, when and if promulgated, or disparate federal, state and local regulatory schemes
would have on our business in the future. They could, however, increase our costs or require the reformulation of certain products
to meet new standards, recall or discontinue certain products not able to be reformulated, impose additional recordkeeping, expand
documentation of the properties of certain products, expand or require different labeling based on scientific substantiation. Any or
all of such requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

The
effects of global climate change could present risks to our business. 

The
long-term effects of global climate change may present both physical and transition risks. Changes in extreme weather conditions
or changes in technology are expected to produce widespread and unexpected results. These changes may impact our ability to obtain goods
and services required for the success of our business. Additionally, we face the risk of physical damages to stores and distribution
or fulfillment centers as a result of the physical risks of climate change. The transition to alternative energy sources, versus using
natural gas, diesel fuel, or gasoline, may increase our costs. The impact of these events can adversely affect our operations, financial
condition, and results of operations or cash flows. 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock and our Initial
Public Offering 

There is no guarantee that our application to list our Class
A common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market will be approved, and if our Class A common stock are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market,
there can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with the Nasdaq Capital Market s continued listing standards. 

We have applied to list our Class A common stock
on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols "MSS . There can be no assurance that the Nasdaq Capital Market will approve
our application for the listing of our Class A common stock. The approval process for the listing of our shares on the Nasdaq Capital
Market, or any other exchange, involves factors beyond our control. Among other things, we will be required to meet the Nasdaq Capital
Market s threshold for stockholders equity, which will require us to raise additional capital, of which there can be no assurance.
We will also be required to meet minimum market value of unrestricted publicly held shares, minimum share price and other listing criteria,
of which there can be no assurance. 

If our Class A common stock is approved for listing
on the Nasdaq Capital Market, there is no guarantee that we will be able to maintain such listing for any period of time by perpetually
satisfying the Nasdaq Capital Market s continued listing requirements. Our failure to continue to meet these requirements may result
in our securities being delisted from the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

The absence of such a listing may adversely affect
the acceptance of our Class A common stock as currency or the value accorded by other parties. Further, if we are delisted, we would
incur additional costs under state blue sky laws in connection with any sales of our securities. These requirements could severely limit
the market liquidity of our Class A common stock and the ability of our stockholders to sell our Class A common stock in the secondary
market. If our Class A common stock is delisted by the Nasdaq Capital Market, our Class A common stock may be eligible to trade on an
over-the-counter quotation system, such as the OTCQB or the OTC Pink Market, where an investor may find it more difficult to sell our
securities or obtain accurate quotations as to the market value of our securities. In the event our Class A common stock are delisted
from the Nasdaq Capital Market in the future, we may not be able to list our Class A common stock on another national securities exchange
or obtain quotation on an over-the counter quotation system. 

27 

If our stock price declines after our initial public offering,
you could lose a significant part of your investment and we may be sued in a securities class action. 

The
trading price of our Class A common stock is likely to be volatile and will fluctuate due to broad market and industry factors including
the performance and fluctuation in the market prices or the underperformance of companies in our industry. Furthermore, securities markets
may, from time to time, experience significant price and volume fluctuations that are not reflective of our operating performance. 

The
market price of our stock may be influenced by many factors, some of which are beyond our control, including those described above in Risks
Related to Our Business and the following: 

actual
 or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly or annual financial results; 

delays
 in, or our failure to provide, financial guidance; 

the
 financial guidance we may provide to the public, any changes in such guidance, or our failure
 to meet such guidance; 

the failure of securities analysts to cover our Class A common
stock after our initial public offering; 

changes
 in financial estimates by securities analysts; 

the
 inability to meet the financial estimates of analysts who follow our Class A common
 stock; 

strategic
 actions by us or our competitors; 

actual
 or anticipated growth rates relative to our competitors; 

various
 market factors or perceived market factors, including rumors, whether or not correct, involving
 us or our competitors; 

fluctuations
 in stock market prices and trading volumes of securities of similar companies; 

announcements
 by us or our competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions, joint marketing relationships,
 joint ventures or capital commitments; 

sales,
 or anticipated sales, of large blocks of our stock; 

short
 selling of our Class A common stock by investors; 

additions
 or departures of key personnel; 

new
 store openings or entry into new markets by us or by our competitors; 

regulatory
 or political developments; 

changes
 in accounting principles or methodologies; 

litigation
 and governmental investigation; 

general
 financial market condition or events; 

economic,
 legal and regulatory factors unrelated to our performance; 

discussion
 of use or our stock price by the financial press and in online investor forum; 

variations
 in our quarterly operating results and those of our competitors; 

general
 economic and stock market conditions; 

risks
 related to our business and our industry, including those discussed above; 

changes
 in conditions or trends in our industry, markets or customers; 

terrorist
 acts; 

future
 sales of our Class A common stock or other securities; 

public
 evaluations of our business models and our revenues, earnings and growth potential; and 

investor
 perceptions of the investment opportunity associated with our Class A common stock relative
 to other investment alternatives. 

28 

Furthermore,
the stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices
of equity securities of many companies. These fluctuations often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance
of those companies. These and other factors may cause the market price and demand for our Class A common stock to fluctuate substantially,
which may limit or prevent investors from readily selling their shares of Class A common stock and may otherwise negatively affect
the price or liquidity of our Class A common stock. In addition, in the past, when the market price of a stock has been volatile,
holders of that stock have sometimes instituted securities class action litigation against the company that issued the stock. If any
of our stockholders were to bring a lawsuit against us, we could incur substantial costs defending the lawsuit or paying for settlements
or damages. Such a lawsuit could also divert the time and attention of our management from our business. 

As
a result of these factors, investors in our Class A common stock may not be able to resell their shares at or above the initial
offering price or may not be able to resell them at all. These broad market and industry factors may materially reduce the market price of our Class A common stock, regardless
of our operating performance. In addition, price volatility may be greater if the public float and trading volume of our Class A
common stock is low. 

Future
sales, or the perception of future sales, of our Class A common stock may depress the price of our Class A common stock. 

The
market price of our Class A common stock could decline significantly as a result of sales of a large number of shares of our Class A
common stock in the market after our initial public offering. The sales, or the perception that these sales might occur, could depress
the market price. These sales, or the possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for us to sell equity
securities in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. 

In
connection with our initial public offering, the Company, our directors and executive officers and non-affiliate holders of 5 or
greater of our Class A common stock have each agreed to lock-up restrictions, meaning that we and they and their permitted
transferees will not be permitted to sell any shares of our Class A common stock for twelve (12) months after the closing of
our initial public offering, subject to certain exceptions, without the prior joint consent of the Representative. Although we have been
advised that there is no present intention, the Representative may, in its sole discretion, release all or any portion of the shares
of our Class A common stock from the restrictions in any of the lock-up agreements described above. 

Also,
in the future, we may issue shares of our Class A common stock in connection with investments or acquisitions. The amount of shares
of our Class A common stock issued in connection with an investment or acquisition could constitute a material portion of our then
outstanding shares of Class A common stock. 

29 

Our
costs will increase significantly as a result of operating as a public company, and our management will be required to devote substantial
time to complying with public company regulations. 

We historically have operated our business as a
private company. As a public company, we will incur additional legal, accounting, compliance and other expenses that we have not incurred
as a private company. After our initial public offering, we will become obligated to file with the SEC annual and quarterly information
and other reports that are specified in Section 13 and Proxy Statements under Section 14 and other sections of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). In addition, we will also become subject to other
reporting and corporate governance requirements, including certain requirements of Nasdaq, and certain provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
and the regulations promulgated thereunder, which will impose significant compliance obligations upon us. We will need to institute a
comprehensive compliance function; establish internal policies; ensure that we have the ability to prepare financial statements that are
fully compliant with all SEC reporting requirements on a timely basis; design, establish, evaluate and maintain a system of internal controls
over financial reporting in compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; involve and retain outside counsel and accountants in the above
activities and establish an investor relations function. 

The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as well as rules subsequently implemented by the SEC and Nasdaq, have imposed increased regulation and disclosure
and required enhanced corporate governance practices of public companies. Our efforts to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards
in this regard are likely to result in increased administrative expenses and a diversion of management s time and attention from
revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. These changes will require a significant commitment of additional resources.
We may not be successful in implementing these requirements, and implementing them could materially and adversely affect our business, results
of operations and financial condition. In addition, if we fail to implement the requirements with respect to our internal accounting
and audit functions, our ability to report our operating results on a timely and accurate basis could be impaired. If we do not implement
such requirements in a timely manner or with adequate compliance, we might be subject to sanctions or investigation by regulatory authorities,
such as the SEC or Nasdaq. Any such action could harm our reputation and the confidence of investors and customers in our Company and
could materially and adversely affect our business and result in the delisting of our Class A common stock with both Nasdaq and the
SEC. 

30 

Our
management has limited experience managing a public company and our current resources may not be sufficient to fulfill our public company
obligations. 

Following the completion of our initial public
offering, we will be subject to various regulatory requirements, including those of the SEC and Nasdaq. These requirements include record
keeping, financial reporting and corporate governance rules and regulations. Our management team has limited experience in managing a
public company and, historically, has not had the resources typically found in a public company. Our internal infrastructure may not
be adequate to support our increased reporting obligations and we may be unable to hire, train or retain necessary staff and may be reliant
on engaging outside consultants or professionals to overcome our lack of experience or employees. Our business could be adversely affected
if our internal infrastructure is inadequate, we are unable to engage outside consultants or are otherwise unable to fulfill our public
company obligations. 

John Xu has substantial control over the Company and maintains
the ability to control the election of directors and other matters submitted to stockholders for approval, which limits your ability to
influence corporate matters and may result in actions that you do not believe to be in our interests or your interests. 

John Xu, our Chief Executive Officer, has substantial
control over the Company and maintains the ability to control the election of directors and other matters submitted to stockholders for
approval, which limits your ability to influence corporate matters and may result in actions that you do not believe to be in our interests
or your interests. As a result, John Xu will be able to exert actual control over our management and affairs and over matters requiring
stockholder approval, including the election of directors, a merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets and
any other significant transaction. 

This concentrated control will limit your ability
to influence corporate matters, and the interests of John Xu may not coincide with our interests or your interests. As a result, he may
take actions that you do not believe to be in our interests or your interests and that could depress the price of our Class A common
stock. 

We do not intend to pay cash dividends on our Class A common stock
after the consummation of our initial public offering and, as a result, your only opportunity to achieve a return on your investment is
if the price of our Class A common stock appreciates. 

We currently expect to retain future earnings, if any, for use in the
operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends after the consummation of our initial public offering.
In addition, our ability to declare and pay cash dividends is restricted by our revolving credit facility. The declaration and payment
of future cash dividends to holders of our Class A common stock will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend
upon many factors, including our financial condition, earnings, legal requirements, and restrictions in our debt agreements and other
factors our board of directors deems relevant. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our Class A common stock will be your
sole source of potential gain for the foreseeable future. The market price for our Class A common stock after our initial public
offering might not exceed the price that you pay for our Class A common stock in our initial public offering. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about our business or our market, or if they adversely
change their recommendations regarding our Class A common stock, or if our operating results do not meet their expectations, the
stock price and/or trading volume of our Class A common stock could decline. 

The
trading market for our Class A common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts,
if any, may publish about us, our business or our competitors. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our Company or fail
to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading
volume to decline. Moreover, if one or more of the analysts who cover our Company downgrades our stock or if our operating results do
not meet their expectations or provide more favorable relative recommendations about our competitors, our stock price could decline. 

31 

Our
amended and restated Certificate of Incorporation contains anti-takeover provisions that could discourage a third party from
acquiring us, which could limit our shareholders opportunity to sell their shares of Class A common stock at a premium. 

Our
amended and restated Certificate of Incorporation contains provisions to limit the ability of others to acquire control of our Company
or cause us to engage in change-of-control transactions. These provisions could have the effect of depriving our shareholders of
an opportunity to sell their shares at a premium over prevailing market prices by discouraging third parties from seeking to obtain control
of our Company in a tender offer or similar transaction. For example, our board of directors has the authority, without further action
by our shareholders, to issue shares of preferred stock in one or more series and to fix their designations, powers, preferences, privileges,
and relative participating, optional or special rights and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions, including dividend rights,
conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption and liquidation preferences, any or all of which may be greater than the rights
associated with our Class A common stock. Shares of preferred stock could be issued quickly with terms calculated on a delay to
prevent a change in control of our Company or make removal of management more difficult. If our board of directors decides to issue shares
of preferred stock, the price of our Class A common stock may fall and the voting and other rights of the holders of our Class A common
stock may be materially and adversely affected. In addition, our amended and restated Certificate of Incorporation contains other provisions
that could limit the ability of third parties to acquire control of our Company or cause us to engage in a transaction resulting in a
change of control. 

Our
bylaws designate the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain actions, which could limit
a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with the Company and its directors,
officers, or other employees and may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. 

Unless
we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding
brought against or on behalf of the Company, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current
or former director, officer, other employee or stockholder of the Company to the Company or the Company s stockholders, (iii) any
action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ), (iv) any
action as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction upon the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, or (v) any action asserting
a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the Court of Chancery of the State
of Delaware (or, only if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware declines to accept jurisdiction over a particular matter, any
state or federal court located within the State of Delaware). However, Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal
jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder,
and as such, the exclusive jurisdiction clauses set forth above would not apply to such suits. Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities
Act provides for concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created
by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder, and as such, the exclusive jurisdiction clauses set forth above would
not apply to such suits. 

Although
we believe the exclusive forum provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law for the specified
types of actions and proceedings, this provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it
finds favorable for disputes with the Company and its directors, officers, or other employees and may discourage lawsuits with respect
to such claims. 

32 

Our
future operating results may fluctuate significantly and our current operating results may not be a good indication of our future performance.
Fluctuations in our quarterly financial results could affect our stock price in the future. 

Our
operating results have historically varied from period-to-period, and we expect that they will continue to as a result of a number of
factors, many of which are outside of our control. If our quarterly financial results or our forecasts of future financial results fail
to meet the expectations of securities analysts and investors, our Class A common stock price could be negatively affected. Any
volatility in our quarterly financial results may make it more difficult for us to raise capital in the future or pursue acquisitions
that involve issuances of our stock. Our operating results for prior periods may not be effective predictors of our future performance. 

We
may incur significant fluctuations in our quarterly financial and other operating results, including fluctuations in our key metrics.
This variability and unpredictability could result in our failing to meet our internal operating plan or the expectations of securities
analysts or investors for any period. If we fail to meet or exceed such expectations for these or any other reasons, the market price
of our shares could fall substantially and we could face costly lawsuits, including securities class action suits. In addition, a significant
percentage of our operating expenses are fixed in nature and based on forecasted revenue trends. Accordingly, in the event of revenue
shortfalls, we are generally unable to mitigate the negative impact on margins in the short term. 

Limitation
of liability and indemnification of officers and directors could adversely impact investors ability to bring claims against them. 

Our
officers and directors are required to exercise good faith and high integrity in the management of our affairs. Our Certificate of Incorporation
provides, however, that our officers and directors shall have no personal liability to us or our stockholders for damages for any breach
of duty owed to us or our stockholders, unless they breached their duty of loyalty, did not act in good faith, knowingly violated a law,
or received an improper personal benefit. Our Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws also provide for the indemnification by us
of our officers and directors against any losses or liabilities they may incur by reason of their serving in such capacities, provided
that they do not breach their duty of loyalty, act in good faith, do not knowingly violate a law, and do not receive an improper personal
benefit. Additionally, we have entered into employment agreements with our officers, which specify the indemnification provisions provided
by the By-laws and provide, among other things, that to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Company will indemnify
such officer against any and all losses, expenses and liabilities arising out of such officer s service as an officer of the Company. 

Insofar
as indemnification for liabilities under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling us under the
above provisions, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in
the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. 

The
resale of shares of our Class A common stock could adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock and our ability
to raise additional equity capital. 

There
are currently 13,760,000 shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding. All the outstanding shares of Class A
common stock are restricted shares subject to resale under Rule 144 and subsequent thereafter to any lock-up agreements
described below. 

If
our stockholders sell substantial amounts of our Class A common stock in the public market, including shares issuable upon the effectiveness
of a registration statement, upon the expiration of any statutory holding period under Rule 144, any lock-up agreement or shares
issued upon the exercise of outstanding options, warrants, or restricted stock awards could create a circumstance commonly referred
to as an overhang and, in anticipation of which, the market price of our Class A common stock could fall. The existence
of an overhang, whether or not sales have occurred or are occurring, also could make more difficult our ability to raise additional financing
through the sale of equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price that we deem reasonable or appropriate. 

33 

In
general, a non-affiliated person who has held restricted shares for a period of six months, under Rule 144, may sell into
the market our Class A common stock all of their shares, subject to the Company being current in its periodic reports filed with the
SEC. An affiliate may sell an amount equal to the greater of 1 of the outstanding 13,760,000 shares of Class A common stock,
or the average weekly number of shares sold on the Nasdaq Capital Market in the last four weeks prior to such sale. Such sales may
be repeated once every three months and any of the restricted shares may be sold by a non-affiliate without any restrictions
after they have been held one year. 

We
may become subject to penny stock rules, which could damage our reputation and the ability of investors to sell their shares
of Class A common stock. 

Stockholders
should be aware that, according to the Securities and Exchange Commission Release No. 34-29093, the market for penny stocks has
suffered in recent years from patterns of fraud and abuse. These patterns include: control of the market for the security by one
or a few broker-dealers that are often related to the promoter or issuer; manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of
purchases and false and misleading press releases; boiler room practices involving high pressure sales tactics
and unrealistic price projections by inexperienced sales persons; excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differentials and markups by
selling broker-dealers; and the wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been
manipulated to a desired level, along with the inevitable collapse of those prices with consequent investor losses. 

Furthermore,
the penny stock designation may adversely affect the development of any public market for our shares of Class A common stock or, if such
a market develops, its continuation. Broker-dealers are required to personally determine whether an investment in penny stock is
suitable for customers. Penny stocks are securities (i) with a price of less than five dollars 5.00) per share; (ii) that
are not traded on a recognized national exchange; and (iii) of an issuer with net tangible assets less than 2,000,000
(if the issuer has been in continuous operation for at least three years) or 5,000,000 (if in continuous operation for less than
three years) or with average annual revenues of less than 6,000,000 for the last three years. Section 15(g) of
the Exchange Act and Rule 15g-2 of the SEC require broker-dealers dealing in penny stocks to provide potential investors
with a document disclosing the risks of penny stocks and to obtain a manually signed and dated written receipt of the document before
effecting any transaction in a penny stock for the investor s account. Potential investors in our Class A common stock are urged
to obtain and read such disclosure carefully before purchasing any shares that are deemed to be penny stock. Rule 15g-9 of
the SEC requires broker-dealers in penny stocks to approve the account of any investor for transactions in such stocks before selling
any penny stock to that investor. 

34 

This
procedure requires the broker-dealer to (i) obtain from the investor information concerning his financial situation,
investment experience and investment objectives; (ii) reasonably determine, based on that information, that transactions in
penny stocks are suitable for the investor and that the investor has sufficient knowledge and experience as to be reasonably capable
of evaluating the risks of penny stock transactions; (iii) provide the investor with a written statement setting forth the
basis on which the broker-dealer made the determination in (ii) above; and (iv) receive a signed and dated copy of
such statement from the investor confirming that it accurately reflects the investor s financial situation, investment
experience and investment objectives. Compliance with these requirements may make it more difficult for the Company s
stockholders to resell their shares of Class A common stock to third parties or to otherwise dispose of them. 

The
financial and operational projections that we may make from time to time are subject to inherent risks. 

The
projections that our management may provide from time to time (including, but not limited to, financial or operational matters)
reflect numerous assumptions made by management, including assumptions with respect to our specific as well as general business,
economic, market and financial conditions and other matters, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our
control. Accordingly, there is a risk that the assumptions made in preparing the projections, or the projections themselves, will
prove inaccurate. There will be differences between actual and projected results, and actual results may be materially different
from those contained in the projections. The inclusion of the projections in (or incorporated by reference in) this Annual Report on
Form 10-K should not be regarded as an indication that we or our management or representatives considered or consider the
projections to be a reliable prediction of future events, and the projections should not be relied upon as such. 

If we were
to dissolve, the holders of our securities may lose all or substantial amounts of their investments . 

If
we were to dissolve as a corporation, as part of ceasing to do business or otherwise, we may be required to pay all amounts owed to any
creditors and/or preferred stockholders before distributing any assets to the investors and/or preferred stockholders. There is a risk
that, in the event of such a dissolution, there will be insufficient funds to repay amounts owed to holders of any of our indebtedness
and insufficient assets to distribute to our other investors, in which case investors could lose their entire investment. 

An investment
in our Company may involve tax implications, and you are encouraged to consult your own tax and other advisors as neither we nor any
related party is offering any tax assurances or guidance regarding our Company or your investment . 

An
investment in our Company generally involves complex federal, state and local income tax considerations. Neither the Internal
Revenue Service nor any state or local taxing authority has reviewed the transactions described herein and may take different
positions than the ones contemplated by management. You are strongly urged to consult your own tax and other advisors prior to
investing, as neither we nor any of our officers, directors, or related parties are offering you tax or similar advice, nor are any
such persons making any representations and warranties regarding such matters. 

We have
identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting and may identify additional material weaknesses in the
future. If we fail to remediate this material weakness or otherwise fail to establish and maintain effective control over financial reporting,
it may adversely affect our ability to accurately and timely report our financial results, and may adversely affect investor confidence
and business operations. 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected
on a timely basis. 

35 

We and our independent registered public accounting
firm identified certain material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting in connection with the audited consolidated
financial statements for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022. The material weaknesses identified relate to (i) insufficient full-time
employees with the necessary levels of accounting expertise and knowledge to compile and analyze consolidated financial statements and
related disclosures in accordance with U.S. GAAP and address complex accounting issues under U.S. GAAP; (ii) the lack of timely related
party transaction monitoring and the failure to keep a related party list and keep records of related party transactions on a regular
basis; (iii) the failure to keep an up-to-date perpetual inventory control system or timely perform company-wide inventory count at or
near its fiscal year-end date. Specifically, maintaining records for inbound warehouse purchases or have specialized personnel to scan
goods into the warehouse on a timely basis; (iv) the lack of adequate policies and procedures in control environment and control activities
to ensure that the Company s policies and procedures have been carried out as planned; ;(v) information technology general control
in the areas of: (1) Risk and Vulnerability Assessment; (2) Selection and Management/Monitoring of Critical Vendors; (3) System Development
and Change Management; (4) Backup Management; (5) System Security Access: Deficiency in the Area of Audit Trail Record Control,
Password Management, Vulnerability Scanning or Penetration Testing; (6) Segregation of Duties, Privileged Access, and Monitoring Controls;
and (7) System Monitoring and Incident Management; and (vi) accounting personnel have the ability in the accounting system to prepare,
review, and post the same accounting journal entry. 

Although
we continue to remediate our material weakness, we may be unable to remediate it in a timely manner, or at all, and additional weaknesses
in our disclosure controls and internal controls over financial reporting may be discovered in the future. Any failure to remediate the
material weakness or otherwise develop or maintain effective controls or any difficulties encountered in their implementation or improvement
could limit our ability to prevent or detect a misstatement of our accounts or disclosures that could result in a material misstatement
of our annual or interim financial statements. In such case, we may be unable to maintain compliance with securities law requirements
regarding timely filing of periodic reports in addition to the maintenance requirements of Nasdaq. As a result, investors may lose confidence in our
financial reporting and our stock price may decline as a result. 

Additionally,
when we cease to be an emerging growth company under the federal securities laws, our independent registered public accounting
firm may be required to express an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal controls. If we are unable to confirm that our internal
control over financial reporting is effective or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an unqualified
opinion on the effectiveness of our internal controls, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial
reports, which could cause the price of our Class A common stock to decline. Additionally, ineffective internal control over financial
reporting could expose us to increased risk of fraud or misuse of corporate assets and subject us to potential delisting from the stock
exchange on which we list, regulatory investigations, and civil or criminal sanctions. We may also be required to restate our financial
statements from prior periods. 

If we do
not appropriately maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act,
we may be unable to accurately report our financial results and the market price of our securities may be adversely affected. 

We
are subject to reporting obligations under the U.S. securities laws. The SEC, as required under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act,
adopted rules requiring every public company to include a management report on such company s internal control over financial reporting
in its annual report, which contains management s assessment of the effectiveness of the company s internal control over
financial reporting. 

However,
if we fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in the future, our management may not be able to conclude
that we have effective internal control over financial reporting at a reasonable assurance level. This could, in turn, result in the loss
of investor confidence in the reliability of our financial statements and negatively impact the trading price of our securities. 

36 

We are
a Controlled Company within the meaning of the Nasdaq Stock Market Rules and, as a result, may, and intend to, rely on
exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements that provide protection to shareholders of other companies. 

We
are, and will remain, a Controlled Company as defined under the Nasdaq Stock Market Rules because, as long as our CEO John Xu holds more than 50 of the Company s voting power, he will exercise control over the management and affairs of the
company and matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of the Company s directors and the acquisition of
us by a third party. For so long as we remain a controlled company under that definition, we are permitted, and intend, to elect to
rely on certain exemptions from corporate governance rules, including: 

an
 exemption from the rule that a majority of our board of directors must be independent directors; 

an
 exemption from the rule that the compensation of our chief executive officer must be determined
 or recommended solely by independent directors; and 

an
 exemption from the rule that our director nominees must be selected or recommended solely
 by independent directors. 

As
a result, you will not have the same protection afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to these corporate governance
requirements, including that a majority of the members of our board of directors may not be independent directors and our nominating
and corporate governance and compensation committees may not consist entirely of independent directors. Additionally, in the event that
a third party were to seek to acquire us, there can be no guarantee, even if that third party s offer were considered beneficial,
that such a transaction would be contemplated resulting in your ability to obtain a premium for your shares being limited. 

The dual
class structure of our common stock will have the effect of concentrating voting power with our CEO John Xu and his affiliates, which
may depress the market value of the Class A common stock and will limit a stockholder or a new investor s ability to influence
the outcome of important transactions, including a change in control. 

While the economic rights of our common stock are
the same, the Class A common stock has one (1) vote per share, while Class B common stock has ten (10) votes per share. As of April 30,
2023, our Class B common stockholders represent approximately 62 of our voting power. Given the 10:1 voting ratio, even a significant
issuance of Class A common stock and/or a transaction involving Class A common stock as consideration may not impact Mr. Xu s
significant majority voting position in us. 

We have enacted a dual class voting structure to ensure the continuity
of voting control in us for the foreseeable future. As a result, for the foreseeable future and after the consummation of our initial
public offering, Mr. Xu and his affiliates will be able to control matters submitted to stockholders for approval, including the
election of directors, amendments of our organizational documents and any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our
assets or other major corporate transactions. 

Mr. Xu
and his affiliates may have interests that differ from other stockholders and may vote their Class B common stock in a way with
which other stockholders may disagree or which may be adverse to such other stockholders interests. In addition, this concentrated
control will have the effect of delaying, preventing or deterring a change in control of Maison, could deprive our stockholders of an
opportunity to receive a premium for their capital stock as part of a sale of Maison, and might have a negative effect on the market
price of shares of our Class A common stock. 

37 

We are
an emerging growth company and the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies may make our
securities less attractive to investors. 

We
are an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act. We may remain an emerging growth company until the fiscal
year ended April 30, 2028. However, if our annual gross revenue hits 1.235 billion or our non-convertible debt
issued within a three-year period or revenues exceeds 1 billion or the market value of the shares of our Class A common
stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million on the last day of the second fiscal quarter of any given
fiscal year, we would cease to be an emerging growth company as of the following fiscal year. As an emerging growth company, we are
not required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we have reduced
disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and we are exempt from the
requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute
payments not previously approved. Additionally, as an emerging growth company, we have elected to delay the adoption of new or
revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to
private companies. As such, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective
dates. As a result, potential investors may be less likely to invest in our securities. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

All
of our retail supermarkets lease operating space from various third parties with which we maintain long-term leases averaging approximately
19 years. 

The
list below details the information related to our leases: 

Store
 Name 
 Location 
 Gross
 Sq. Ft. 
 Lease
 Start 
 Lease
 End 
 Remaining 
 Years 
 Renewal 
 Options 
 Rent 
 
 Good
 Fortune Supermarket of San Gabriel, LP 
 137
 S. San Gabriel Blvd., San Gabriel, CA, 91776 
 25,638 
 12/1/2015 
 11/30/2030 
 8 
 N/A 

Hong Kong 
 Supermarket Monrovia, LP 
 935 W. Duarte
 Road, 
 Monrovia, CA, 91016 
 25,320 
 9/1/2015 
 8/31/2055 
 5 
 32 years 

Super
 HK of El Monte, Inc. 
 11850
 Valley Boulevard, 
 El Monte, CA, 91732 
 62,000 
 7/15/2018 
 7/14/2028 
 6 
 5 years 

GF
 Supermarket 
 of MP, Inc. 
 (Acquisition on 6/30/2022) 
 127 N. Garfield
 Avenue, 
 Monterey Park, CA 91732 
 31,716 
 7/1/2020 
 6/30/2025 
 3 
 3 years 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

In
the ordinary course of our business, we are subject to periodic lawsuits, investigations and claims, including, but not limited to,
contractual disputes, employment, health and safety matters. Although we cannot predict with certainty the ultimate resolution of
any lawsuits, investigations and claims asserted against it, we do not believe any currently pending legal proceedings to which the
Company is a party will have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows or results of
operations. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

38 

Part
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

We have applied to list our Class A common stock
on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol MSS. 

Holders
of Common Stock 

As of July 31, 2023, we had 13,760,000 stockholders
of record of our Class A common stock. 

Dividends 

We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our
capital stock. We currently intend to retain any future earnings for use in the operation of our business and do not intend to declare
or pay any cash dividends on our Class A common stock in the foreseeable future. Any further determination to pay dividends on our capital
stock will be at the discretion of our board of directors, subject to applicable laws, and will depend on our financial condition, results
of operations, cash flows, capital requirements, general business conditions, and other factors that our board of directors considers
relevant. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

The following table provides information as of
April 30, 2023, with respect to all of our compensation plans under which equity securities are authorized for issuance. As of April 30,
2023, there have been no shares issued under our 2023 Stock Incentive Plan. 

Number of Securities To Be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders 

Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders 

Total 

Sales
of Unregistered Securities and Repurchases of Securities 

During
the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, the Company did not sell any unregistered securities and did not repurchase any securities. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

39 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

This management s discussion and analysis
of financial condition and results of operations contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. See Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements for a discussion of the uncertainties, risks and assumptions associated with
those statements. You should read the following discussion in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and related
notes which are included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in
the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including, but not limited to, those described under Risk Factors ,
and included in other portions of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements.
We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements
are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity,
performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed
or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such
as may, should, could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, 
 believe, estimate, continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Factors
that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in our other Securities and Exchange
Commission SEC filings. References to we , us , our, Maison or the
 Company are to Maison Solutions Inc., except where the context requires otherwise. 

Overview 

We are a fast-growing, specialty grocery retailer offering traditional
Asian food and merchandise to modern U.S. consumers, in particular to members of Asian-American communities. We are committed
to providing Asian fresh produce, meat, seafood, and other daily necessities in a manner that caters to traditional Asian-American family
values and cultural norms, while also accounting for the new and faster-paced lifestyle of younger generations and the diverse makeup
of the communities in which we operate. To achieve this, we are developing a center-satellite stores network. Since our formation
in July 2019, we have acquired equity interests in four (4) traditional Asian supermarkets in Los Angeles, California. Since
April 30, 2022, we have been operating these supermarkets as center stores. The center stores target traditional Asian-American,
family-oriented customers with a variety of meat, fresh produce and other merchandise, while additionally stocking items which appeal
to the broader community. We are operating these traditional Asian-American, family-oriented supermarkets with our management s
deep cultural understanding of our consumers unique consumption habits. In addition to the traditional supermarkets, on December 31,
2021, we acquired a 10 equity interest in a new grocery store located in Alhambra, California, a young and active community (the Alhambra
Store ). The Alhambra store is 100 owned by Mrs. Grace Xu, the spouse of Mr. John Xu, our chief executive officer. We
intend to acquire the remaining 90 equity interest in the Alhambra Store with a portion of the net proceeds from our initial public offering.
Our intention is that the Alhambra Store will serve as our first satellite store. The investment in the Alhambra Store is considered a
related party transaction because Mrs. Xu is the spouse of Mr. Xu, our CEO. Please refer to Certain Relationships
and Related Party Transactions for further explanation. In May 2021, the Company acquired 10 of the equity interests in Dai Cheong,
a wholesale business which mainly supplies foods and groceries imported from Asia, which is owned by our CEO John Xu. We intend to acquire
the controlling ownership of Dai Cheong with a portion of the net proceeds of our initial public offering. By adding Dai Cheong to our
portfolio, we will take the first step toward creating a vertically integrated supply-retail structure. Having an importer as a part
of our portfolio will allow us the opportunity to offer a wider variety of products and to reap the benefits of preferred wholesale pricing. 

Collaboration
with JD.com 

On
April 19, 2021, JD US, the U.S. subsidiary of JD.com, and Maison entered into a Collaboration Agreement (the
 Collaboration Agreement pursuant to which JD.com will provide services to Maison focused on updating in store
technology through the development of a new mobile app, the updating of new in-store technology, and revising store layouts to
promote efficiency. The agreement included a consultancy and initialization fee of 220,000, 40 of which was payable within
3 days of effectiveness and which has been paid, 40 of which is due within 3 days of the completion and delivery of
initialization services as outlined in the Collaboration Agreement, and the remaining 20 is payable within three (3) days of
the completion and delivery of the implementation services, as outlined in the Collaboration Agreement. The Collaboration Agreement
also included certain additional storage and implementation fees to be determined by the parties and royalty fees, following the
commercial launch of the platform developed by JD.com, of 1.2 of gross merchandise value based on information generated by the
platform. For each additional store requiring Consultancy and Initialization service, an additional 50,000 will be charged for
preparing the feasibility plan for such additional store. The Collaboration Agreement has an initial term of 10 years and
customary termination and indemnification provisions. Simultaneously with the effectiveness of the Collaboration Agreement, JD and
Maison entered into an Intellectual Property License Agreement (the IP Agreement outlining certain trademarks, logos
and designs and other intellectual property rights used in connection with the retail supermarket operations outlined in the
Collaboration Agreement, which includes an initial term of 10 years and customary termination provisions. 

40 

Key Factors
that Affect Operating Results 

Inflation 

The annual inflation rate for the United States
was 4.9 for the year ended April 30, 2023, 8.3 for the year ended April 30, 2022 and 4.2 for the year ended April 30, 2021 according
to Bureau of Labor Statistics. Inflation increased our purchase costs, occupancy costs, and payroll costs. To offset inflationary pressures
for the year ended April 30, 2023, we have increased our products selling price to cover these increased costs. 

Operating
cost increase after initial public offering 

Following our initial public offering, we will be subject to
increased operating costs related to our listing on Nasdaq and we are subject to increased costs related to our compliance with Securities
Act and Exchange Act periodic reporting annual audit expenses, the legal service expenses, and related consulting service expenses. 

Supply
chain disruptions 

Due to ongoing inflationary and supply chain pressures
related to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company experienced financial pressure when ordering and receiving products during 2021 and
through April 30, 2023. Specifically, the Company was impacted by increased shipping costs attributable to container shortages, port delays,
and truck and driver shortages. We attempted to mitigate these disruptions by diversifying our supply chains, establishing backup plans,
and increasing our inventory levels, as well as adjusting our products prices. During the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company was
able to evolve its operations to successfully navigate such challenges, including the diversification of its supplier network, the adjustment
of its inventory purchase pattern, and the continued focus on and investment in automation in its operations and its E-commerce platform.
To gain buying power, the Company works with third-party vendors who have more buying power to get products. To work with these third-parties,
the Company needs to provide prepayments per order. Moreover, over the course of fiscal year 2023, we saw a gradual easing of shipping
costs and improvement in on-time shipping from our overseas vendors. While these supply chain challenges have led to an increase
in costs to consumers, they have not materially impacted our ability to offer products and our sales increased during the fourth quarter
of 2023. For the year ended April 30, 2023, our sales were 55.4 million, a 13.4 million increase from 42.0 million for the
year ended April 30, 2022. Gross profit increased 4.2 million to approximately 12.5 million for the year ended April 30, 2023 from
approximately 8.3 million for the year ended April 30, 2022, as a result of our acquisition of Maison Monterey Park. 

Competition 

Food retail is a competitive industry. Our competition
varies and includes national, regional, and local conventional supermarkets, national superstores, alternative food retailers, natural
foods stores, smaller specialty stores, farmers markets, supercenters, online retailers, mass or discount retailers and membership
warehouse clubs. Our principal competitors include 99 Ranch Market and H-Mart for conventional supermarkets and Weee! for online
groceries. Each of these stores competes with us based on product selection, product quality, customer service, price, store format, location,
or a combination of these factors. In addition, some competitors are aggressively expanding their number of stores or their product offerings.
Some of these competitors may have been in business longer, may have more experience operating multiple store locations, or may have greater
financial or marketing resources than us. 

As
competition in certain areas intensifies or competitors open stores within proximity to our stores, our results of operations may be
negatively impacted through a loss of sales, decrease in market share, reduction in margin from competitive price changes, or greater
operating costs. In addition, other established food retailers could enter our markets, increasing competition for market share. 

Payroll 

As of April 30, 2023, we had approximately 174
employees. Our employees are not unionized nor, to our knowledge, are there any plans for them to unionize. We have never experienced
a strike or significant work stoppage. We consider our employee relations to be good. Minimum wage rates in some states have recently
increased. For example, the minimum wage rose from 13 to 14 per hour from 2020 to 2021 and increased to 15.50 per hour in 2023 in
Los Angeles. Payroll and payroll tax expenses were 6.2 million for the year ended April 30, 2023, and 4.5 million for the
year ended April 30, 2022. 

41 

Vendor
and Supply Management 

Maison believes that a centralized and efficient
vendor and supply management system is the key to profitability. Maison has major vendors, including Drop in The Ocean, Inc., ONCO Food
Corp., GF Distribution, Inc., and XHJC Holding Inc. For the year ended April 30, 2023, three suppliers accounted for 20 , 18 and 14 of
the Company s total purchases, respectively. For the year ended April 30, 2022, three suppliers accounted for 23 , 21 , and 14 of
the Company s total purchases, respectively. Maison believes that its centralized vendor management enhances its negotiating power
and improves its ability to manage vendor payables. 

Store Maintenance
and Renovation 

From time to time, Maison conducts maintenance
on the fixtures and equipment for its stores. Any maintenance or renovations could interrupt the operation of our stores and result in
a decline in customer volume. Significant maintenance or renovation would affect our operation and operating results. Meanwhile, improving
the store environment can also attract more customers and lead to an increase in sales. Maison focused on improving stores for the fiscal
years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022. We spent 273,405 for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023 for repairs and maintenance of all
departments, a slight decrease of 20,825 compared to 294,230 for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022. 

Critical Accounting
Policy 

Related
Parties 

The
Company identifies related parties, and accounts for, and discloses related party transactions in accordance with ASC
Topic 850 Related Party Disclosures and other relevant ASC standards. Parties are considered to be related to
the Company if the parties, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, control, are controlled by, or are under
common control with the Company. Related parties also include principal owners of the Company, its management, members of the
immediate families of principal owners of the Company and its management and other parties with which the Company may deal with if
one party controls or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the
transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests. 

Use of
estimates 

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the
consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented. Significant accounting
estimates are used for, but not limited to, useful lives of property and equipment, commitments and contingencies, inventory reserve,
allowance for estimated uncollectable accounts receivables and other receivables, impairment of long-lived assets, contract liabilities,
and valuation of deferred tax assets. Given the global economic climate and additional or unforeseen effects from the COVID-19 pandemic,
these estimates have become more challenging, and actual results could differ materially from these estimates. 

Inventories 

Inventories, consisting of products available for
sale, are primarily accounted for using the first-in, first-out method, and are valued at the lower of cost and net realizable value.
This valuation requires us to make judgments, based on currently available information, about the likely method of disposition, such as
through sales to individual customers, returns to product vendors, or liquidations, and expected recoverable values of each disposition
category. The Company records inventory shrinkage based on historical data and management s estimates and provided a reserve
for inventory shrinkage for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022. 

Revenue
recognition 

The
Company adopted ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ), from May 1, 2020 using the modified
retrospective transition approach to all contracts that did not have an impact on the beginning retained earnings on May 1, 2020.
The Group s revenue recognition policies effective on the adoption date of ASC 606 are presented as below. 

In
accordance with ASC Topic 606, the Company s performance obligation is satisfied upon the transfer of goods to the customer, which
occurs at the point of sale. Revenues are recorded net of discounts, sales taxes, and returns and allowances. 

The
Company sells Company gift cards to customers. There are no administrative fees on unused gift cards and the gift cards do not have
an expiration date. Gift card sales are recorded as contract liability when sold and are recognized as revenue when either the gift card
is redeemed or the likelihood of the gift card being redeemed is remote gift card breakage ). The Company s gift
card breakage rate is based upon historical redemption patterns and it recognizes breakage revenue utilizing the redemption recognition
method. The Company also offers discounts on the gift cards sold to its customers. The discounts are recorded as sales discount when
gift card been redeemed. 

The
Company s contract liability related to gift cards was 449,334 and 370,929 as of April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

42 

Leases 

On
May 1, 2020, the Company adopted ASU 2016-02, Lease (FASB ASC Topic 842). The adoption of Topic 842 resulted in the presentation
of operating lease right-of-use ROU assets and operating lease liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. See
Note 13 Leases for additional information. 

The
Company determines if an arrangement contains a lease at the inception of a contract under ASC Topic 842. At the commencement of each
lease, management determines its classification as an operating or finance lease. For leases that qualify as operating leases, ROU assets
and liabilities are recognized at the commencement date based on the present value of any remaining lease payments over the lease term.
For this purpose, the Company considers only payments that are fixed and determinable at the time of commencement. As most of its leases
do not provide an implicit rate, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date
in determining the present value of lease payments. The ROU assets include adjustments for accrued lease payments. 

ROU
assets also include any lease payments made prior to commencement and are recorded net of any lease incentives received. The Company s
lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that it will exercise such options. 

A
short-term lease is defined as a lease that, at the commencement date, has a lease term of 12 months or less and does not include
an option to purchase the underlying asset that the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise. When determining whether a lease qualifies
as a short-term lease, the Company evaluates the lease term and the purchase option. Hence, the Company does not recognize any operating
lease ROU assets and operating lease liabilities for short-term leases. 

The
Company evaluates the carrying value of ROU assets if there are indicators of impairment and review the recoverability of the related
asset group. If the carrying value of the asset group is determined to not be recoverable and is in excess of the estimated fair value,
the Company will record an impairment loss in other expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 

The
Company also subleases certain mini stores that are within the supermarket to other parties. The Company collects security deposits and
rent from these sub-lease tenants. The rent income collected from sub-lease tenants recognized as rental income and deducted
occupancy cost. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

Please
refer to Note 2 Summary of significant accounting policies for details. 

COVID-19 

The
health and safety of our employees and customers has been our highest priority during the COVID-19 pandemic. The
COVID-19 pandemic has also significantly increased our operating expenses. We continue to clean all departments areas,
restrooms, and other high-traffic surfaces in our stores, including our service counters. We continue to provide protective
equipment which includes physical safety barriers, facemasks, and gloves for all of our employees. 

We
continue to experience strong demand in stores as well as online as people have adjusted to the new circumstances resulting from the
COVID-19 pandemic. We have responded to increased demand driven by the COVID-19 pandemic by hiring additional employees
and retaining additional sales from third-party online platform. However, we do expect that, as the COVID-19 pandemic has
become gradually contained in the United States, customers have begun returning to their normal shopping habits and, consequently their
spending on food and groceries may decline. Pandemic-induced extra shopping may not be sustained, and in future periods our
revenue may decline, which could lead to reductions in the size of our workforce. 

The
extent to which the Pandemic may continue to impact our business will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot
be predicted at this time. We may experience an impact to the timing and availability of key products from suppliers, broader quarantines, other restrictions that limit consumer visits to our stores, increased employee impacts from illness, school closures, and other community
response measures, all of which could negatively impact our business. We continually monitor the situation and regularly adjust our policies
and practices as more information and guidance becomes available. 

How to Assess
Our Performance 

In
assessing performance, management considers a variety of performance and financial measures, including principal growth in net
revenue, gross profit and selling, and general and administrative expenses. The key measures that we use to evaluate the performance
of our business are set forth below. 

Net Revenue 

Our
net revenues comprise gross revenues net of returns and discounts. We do not record sales taxes as a component of retail revenues as
it is considered a pass-through conduit for collecting and remitting sales taxes. 

43 

Gross Profit 

We
calculate gross profit as net revenues less cost of revenues and occupancy costs. Gross margin represents gross profit as a percentage
of net revenues. Occupancy costs include store rental costs. The components of our cost of revenues and occupancy costs may not be identical
to those of our competitors. As a result, our gross profit and gross margin may not be comparable to similar data made available by our
competitors. 

Cost
of revenue includes the purchase price of consumer products, inbound and outbound shipping costs, including costs related to our sorting
and delivery center, which is the warehouse attached to the El Monte store, and where we are the transportation service provider. Shipping
costs to receive products from our suppliers are included in our inventory and recognized in cost of revenues upon sale of products to
our customers. 

Selling,
General and Administrative Expenses 

Selling,
general, and administrative expenses primarily consist of retail operational expenses, administrative salaries and benefits costs, marketing,
advertising, and corporate overhead. 

Marketing
costs primarily consist of advertising, payroll, and related expenses for personnel engaged in marketing and selling activities. 

General
and administrative expenses primarily consist of costs for corporate functions, including payroll and related expenses; facilities and
equipment expenses, such as depreciation and amortization expense and rent; and professional fees and litigation costs. 

Results of
Operations for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 

Years ended April 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 Change 
 Percentage Change 
 
 Net revenues 
 55,399,112 
 41,984,221 
 13,414,891 
 32.0 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 42,947,952 
 33,697,597 
 9,250,355 
 27.5 
 
 Gross profit 
 12,451,160 
 8,286,624 
 4,164,536 
 50.3 
 
 Operating expenses 

Selling expenses 
 8,479,578 
 6,112,493 
 2,367,085 
 38.7 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 3,887,935 
 3,000,721 
 887,214 
 29.6 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 12,367,513 
 9,113,214 
 3,254,299 
 35.7 
 
 Income (loss) from operations 
 83,647 
 (826,590 
 910,237 
 110.1 
 
 Other income, net 
 1,849,534 
 155,821 
 1,693,713 
 1,087.0 
 
 Interest income (expenses), net 
 42,606 
 43,481 
 (875 
 2.0 
 
 Income (loss) before income taxes 
 1,975,787 
 (627,288 
 2,603,075 
 415.0 
 
 Income tax provisions 
 (336,486 
 (27,738 
 308,748 
 1,113.1 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 1,639,301 
 (655,026 
 2,294,327 
 350.3 
 
 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 387,498 
 (92,282 
 479,780 
 519.9 
 
 Net income (loss) attributable to Maison Solutions Inc. 
 1,251,803 
 (562,744 
 1,814,547 
 322.4 

Revenues 

Years ended April 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 Change 
 Percentage Change 
 
 Perishables 
 31,291,786 
 24,138,729 
 7,153,057 
 29.6 
 
 Non-perishables 
 24,107,326 
 17,845,492 
 6,261,834 
 35.1 
 
 Net revenue 
 55,399,112 
 41,984,221 
 13,414,891 
 32.0 

Our net revenues were approximately 55.4 million
for the year ended April 30, 2023, an increase of approximately 13.4 million or 32.0 , from approximately 42.0 million for
the year ended April 30, 2022. The increase in net revenues was driven by the inclusion of revenues from our newly acquired subsidiary
Maison Monterey Park supermarket of 14.8 million which was partly offset by decreased sales at Maison San Gabriel of 0.8 million
and decreased sales at Maison El Monte of 0.4 million. Our existing four (4) supermarkets contributed 40.6 million in revenue during
the year ended April 30, 2023, a decrease of approximately 1.3 million, as compared to the year ended April 30, 2022. The 1.3 million
decrease was mainly due to (i) the lessening impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and more people eating out instead of eating pre-made meals
from grocery stores and cooking at home; (ii) increased competition from two newly opened Asian supermarkets near Maison San Gabriel,
and (iii) a reduction in purchases through our online purchase business as a result of customers returning to switching back to pre-pandemic
shopping patterns and habits as the impact of COVID-19 continues to decline. 

44 

Cost of Revenues 

Years ended April 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 Change 
 Percentage Change 
 
 Total cost of revenues 
 42,947,952 
 33,697,597 
 9,250,355 
 27.5 

Cost
of revenues includes cost of supermarket product sales and occupancy costs, which are store rent expense, depreciation for store property
and equipment, inventory shrinkage costs and store supplies. The depreciation expense comes from machinery equipment, such as refrigerator,
water heater, forklift, and freezer and furniture fixtures, such as metal shelves, shopping cart, and LED lights. Shrinkage costs
are different for different types of products. For example, fruits and vegetables have a high allowance rate during the receiving and
display process. The seafood and meat departments have a low allowance rate because the non-fresh products can freeze and sell for
the same price or even higher price after being cut. The cost of revenues increased by approximately 9.3 million, from 33.7 million
for year ended April 30, 2022, to approximately 42.9 million for the year ended April 30, 2023. The increase in the cost of revenue
was due to the inclusion of cost of revenue from our newly acquired Maison Monterey Park supermarket of 11.2 million which was
partly offset by decreased freight costs from the other three supermarkets. 

Gross Profit
and Gross Margin 

Years ended April 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 Change 
 Percentage Change 
 
 Gross Profit 
 12,451,160 
 8,286,624 
 4,164,536 
 50.3 
 
 Gross Margin 
 22.5 
 19.7 
 
 2.8 

Gross profit was approximately
 12.5 million and 8.3 million for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Gross margin was 22.5 and 19.7 
for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Our supermarkets sales profit margins increased by 2.8 from the
year ended April 30, 2023 compared to the year ended April 30, 2022, which was mainly due to the increased profit margin of our El
Monte store and Monrovia store. We hired new grocery department managers for these two stores with extensive industry experience to
assist in reorganizing the stores, developing new marketing strategies to promote sales, and setting up effective product purchasing
policies to lower the costs. 

Total Operating
Expenses 

Years ended April 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 Change 
 Percentage Change 
 
 Selling Expense 
 8,479,578 
 6,112,493 
 2,367,085 
 38.7 
 
 General and Administrative Expense 
 3,887,935 
 3,000,721 
 887,214 
 29.6 
 
 Total Operating Expense 
 12,367,513 
 9,113,214 
 3,254,299 
 35.7 
 
 Percentage of revenue 
 22.3 
 21.7 
 
 0.6 

Total operating expenses were approximately
 12.4 million for the year ended April 30, 2023, an increase of approximately 3.3 million, compared to approximately
 9.1 million for the year ended April 30, 2022. Total operating expenses as a percentage of revenues were 22.3 and 21.7 for
the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The increase in operating expenses was primarily attributable to the increase
in selling expenses, which includes the increase in payroll expenses, utilities expenses, property tax, insurance expenses, and credit
card service charges. Payroll expenses increased by approximately 1.6 million for the year ended April 30, 2023, as compared
to the year ended April 30, 2022. The increase in payroll expenses was mainly due to the increased employees hourly rates and
due to the acquisition of Maison Monterey Park. Property tax increased by approximately 0.2 million in the year ended April
30, 2023, as compared to the year ended April 30, 2022 due to the property tax paid at Maison Monterey Park. Utility expense
increased by approximately 0.3 million in the year ended April 30, 2023, as compared to the year ended April 30, 2022 due to
the increased usage rate and due to the acquisition of Maison Monterey Park. Credit card service charges increased by approximately
 0.2 million due to the increased sales from the acquisition of Maison Monterey Park. 

The increase in general and administrative expenses
during the year ended April 30, 2023 was primarily due to increased IPO related professional fees, including legal, audit, and consulting
fees of approximately 0.5 million, increased insurance expenses of approximately 0.2 million from our newly acquired Maison
Monterey Park store, and increased bad debt expenses of approximately 0.3 million. The increase was partially offset by decreased
general and administrative expenses of our El Monte and Monrovia stores due to effective cost control efforts under the stores 
new department head. During the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, we had professional fees of approximately 1.6 million and 1.0 million,
respectively. 

45 

Other Income,
net 

Other
income was approximately 1.9 million for the year ended April 30, 2023 and approximately 199,302 for the year ended April 30,
2022. The increase in other income was mainly attributable to the 1.9 million employee retention credit ERC received
for the year ended April 30,2023. The ERC is a refundable tax credit for businesses that continued to pay employees while shut down due
to the COVID-19 pandemic or had significant declines in gross receipts from March 13, 2020 to December 31, 2021. 

Interest
Income (Expense), net 

Interest income was 42,606 for the year ended
April 30, 2023, a decrease of 875, from interest income of 43,481 for the year ended April 30, 2022. The interest income was from the
loan receivables from Drop in the Ocean, Inc. On April 30, 2020, we entered a promissory note with our vendor Drop in the Ocean,
Inc. with a total loan amount of up to 4,000,000 with 6 interest. The receivable from Drop in the Ocean, Inc. was fully settled as of
November 3, 2022. 

Income
Taxes Provisions 

Income
tax expense was 336,486 for the year ended April 30, 2023, an increase of 308,748, from income taxes expense of 27,738 for the year
ended April 30, 2022. The increase was mainly due to increased income for the year ended April 30, 2023 compared to loss for the year
ended April 30, 2022. 

Net Income
(loss) 

Net income was approximately about
 1.6 million for the year ended April 30, 2023, an increase of 2.3 million, or 350.3 , from a 0.7 million net loss
for the year ended April 30, 2022. This was mainly attributable to the reasons discussed above, which included an approximately
 4.2 million increase in gross profit and a 1.7 million increase in other income, which was partially offset by increased
operating expense of 3.3 million and increased income tax expense of 0.3 million. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Cash Flows
for the Year Ended April 30, 2023 Compared to the Year Ended April 30, 2022 

As
of April 30, 2023, we had cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash of approximately 2.6 million. We had net income
attributable to us of approximately 1,251,803 for the year ended April 30, 2023 and had a working capital deficit of approximately
 86,864 as of April 30, 2023. As of April 30, 2023, the Company had outstanding loan facilities of approximately 0.31 million
due to American First National Bank, a National Banking Association, and approximately 2.62 million due to the SBA. The
covenants of the loans require that, so long as the loan agreements remain in effect, each borrower must maintain a ratio of debt
service coverage of at least 1.3 to 1.0. This coverage ratio is evaluated as of the end of each fiscal year. As of
April 30, 2022, the coverage ratio for Maison Monrovia was 1.01 and the coverage ratio for Maison San Gabriel was 2.00. The
Company reported this situation to American First National Bank and there was no change on the note s term up to the date the
Company issued these consolidated financial statements. However, due to the violation of a covenant as of April 30, 2022, the
Company reclassified the loan balance of 313,278 under Maison Monrovia as current loan payable. As of April 30, 2023, the
coverage ratio for Maison Monrovia was 4.93 and the coverage ratio for Maison San Gabriel was 4.67. However, the new coverage ratio
would not change the existing treatment for the loan of Good Fortune Supermarket of Monrovia, LP. 

In
assessing its liquidity, management monitors and analyzes the Company s cash on-hand, its ability to generate sufficient revenue
sources in the future, and its operating and capital expenditure commitments. We have funded our working capital, operations and other
capital requirements in the past primarily by equity contributions from shareholders, cash flow from operations, government grants, and
bank loans. Cash is required to pay purchase costs for inventory, rental expenses, salaries, income taxes, other operating expenses and
to repay debts. Our ability to repay our current expenses and obligations will depend on the future realization of our current assets.
Management has considered the historical experience, the economy, trends in the retail grocery industry, the expected collectability
of our accounts receivable and the realization of the inventories as of April 30, 2023 and 2022. Our ability to continue to fund
these items may be affected by general economic, competitive, and other factors, many of which are outside of our control. 

46 

We plan to acquire and open additional
supermarkets with a portion of the proceeds of our initial public offering to expand our footprint to both the West Coast and the
East Coast. This includes completing the acquisition of the remaining 90 equity interests in both the Alhambra Store and Dai
Cheong; opening new satellite stores in both Southern and Northern California in 2024 or 2025; acquiring up to five (5) center
stores in 2024 and 2025 as part of our East Coast expansion; and establishing a new warehouse in New York City to serve the East
Coast by the end of 2025. Upon completion of our East Coast expansion, we expect that we will operate a total of ten center stores
by the end of 2025. 

To accomplish such expansion plan, we
estimate the total related capital investment and expenditures to be approximately 35 million to 40 million,
among which approximately 13 million to 16 million will be required within the next 12 months to support our
preparation and opening of new stores in Southern and Northern California and acquiring additional supermarkets on the East Coast. This is
based on management s best estimate as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We will also need approximately
 0.31 million to fully settle our loan from American First National Bank. 

We believe that our current cash and cash flows provided by operating
activities will be sufficient to meet our working capital needs for our existing business in the next 12 months from the date of
the issuance date of the financial statements. However, we plan to use part of the proceeds from our initial public offering to support
our business expansion described above. We may also seek additional financing, to the extent needed, and there can be no assurance that
such financing will be available on favorable terms, or at all. Such financing may include the use of additional debt or the sale of additional
equity securities. Any financing which involves the sale of equity securities or instruments that are convertible into equity securities
could result in immediate and possibly significant dilution to our existing shareholders. If it is determined that the cash requirements
exceed the Company s amounts of cash on hand, the Company may also seek to issue additional debt or obtain financial support from
shareholders. The principal stockholder of the Company has made a commitment to provide financial support to the Company whenever necessary
and will continue to provide support following the consummation of our initial public offering. 

All
of our business expansion endeavors involve risks and will require significant management, human resources, and capital expenditures.
There is no assurance that the investment to be made by us as contemplated under our future expansion plans will be successful and generate
the expected return. If we are not able to manage our growth or execute our strategies effectively, or at all, our business, results
of operations, and prospects may be materially and adversely affected. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business
 We may not be able to successfully implement our growth strategy on a timely basis or at all. Additionally, new stores may place
a greater burden on our existing resources and adversely affect our existing business and Risk Factors
 Risks Related to Our Industry We will require significant additional capital to fund our expanding business, which may
not be available to us on satisfactory terms or at all, and even if it is available, failure to use our capital efficiently could have
an adverse effect on our profitability. 

The
following table summarizes our cash flow data for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022. 

Years ended April 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 484,191 
 1,487,476 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 1,860,882 
 (3,284,997 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 (746,637 
 1,981,297 
 
 Net change in cash and restricted cash 
 1,598,436 
 183,776 

Operating
Activities 

Net cash provided by operating activities was approximately
 0.5 million for the year ended April 30, 2023 and was mainly comprised of net income of approximately 1.6 million,
add-back of non-cash adjustments to net income including depreciation and amortization expense of approximately 0.4 million,
and bad debt expense of 0.2 million. Our cash inflow increase from our operating activities was also due to payment collected from accounts
receivable from related parties of 0.2 million, decrease of inventories of approximately 0.3 million, increase from change
of operating lease liabilities of approximately 0.2 million, and an increase of outstanding taxes payable of approximately 0.3 million. 

However, our net cash provided by operating
activities was mainly offset by subtracting a non-cash adjustment from net income for reversal of inventory reserve of 0.1 million,
a decreased cash inflow from our operating activities due to an increase of outstanding accounts receivable of approximately
 0.3 million, an increase of outstanding other receivables and other current assets of approximately 0.5 million,
an increase of prepayment of approximately of 0.8 million, an increase of payment for accounts payable of 0.6 million,
an increase of payment for accounts payable to related parties of 0.2 million; and an increased payment for accrued liability and
other payables of 0.5 million. 

47 

Despite having net income of 1.6 million for
the year ended April 30, 2023 and an increase of 2.3 million compared with a net loss of 0.7 million for the year ended April 30,
2022, our cash inflow of 0.3 million for the year ended April 30, 2023 represented a decrease of 1.2 million, compared with a 1.5
million cash inflow in the year ended April 30, 2022. The decreased net cash inflow for the year ended April 30, 2023 was mainly due
to increased outstanding accounts receivable of 0.3 million, increased payments for other receivables and other current assets of
 0.6 million, increased payments for account payable of 2.0 million, increased payments for accrued expenses and other payables of
 1.3 million, which were partially offset by increased net income of 2.3 million and increased cash inflow from inventories of 0.7
million. 

Net cash provided in operating activities was
approximately 1.5 million for the year ended April 30, 2022, mainly comprised of a decrease to accounts receivable from related
parties of approximately 0.3 million, an increase of outstanding accounts payable of approximately 1.4 million, and an increase of
accrued liabilities and other payables of approximately 0.6 million. 

The
net cash provided by operating activities was mainly offset by net loss of approximately 0.7 million with non-cash adjustment to net
loss including depreciation expense of approximately 0.4 million, an increase of inventories of approximately 0.4 million as we stocked
up our inventories to ensure we could meet customer demand, and increases of prepayments of approximately 0.7 million as our vendors
required us to make certain security deposits to ensure timely product deliveries. 

Investing
Activities 

Net
cash provided by investing activities was approximately 1.9 million for the year ended April 30, 2023, which mainly consisted of
loan repayment from third parties of approximately 4.4 million. This was partially offset with the purchase of equipment of 49,388 and payment
for acquisition of subsidiary Maison Monterey Park of 2.5 million. 

Net
cash used in investing activities was approximately 3.3 million for the year ended April 30, 2022, which was mainly due to the
purchase of equipment of 58,545, the increase of loan receivables extended to third parties of approximately 3.7 million that was offset with collections from related parties of approximately 0.5 million. 

Financing
Activities 

Net cash used in financing activities was approximately
 0.7 million for the year ended April 30, 2023, which mainly consisted of bank overdrafts of 281,941, repayment on loans payable
of 362,731, and repayment to other payables of related parties of 112,970, which was partly offset by payment from other receivable
 related parties of 11,005. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities was approximately 2.0 million for the year ended April 30, 2022, which mainly consisted of borrowings
from related parties of 64,827 and borrowings from financial institutions of approximately 1.9 million. 

Debt 

American First National Bank a National Banking Association 

On March 2, 2017, Good Fortune
Supermarket of Monrovia, LP entered into a 1.0 million Business Loan Agreement with American First National Bank, a National
Banking Association, at 4.5 annual interest rate for the years ended April 30, 2022 and 2021 with interest ranging from 4.5 
to 7.75 for the year ended April 30, 2023 and with a maturity date on March 2, 2024. On March 2, 2017, Good Fortune
Supermarket of San Gabriel, LP, entered into a 1.0 million Business Loan Agreement with American First National Bank, a
National Banking Association, at 4.5 annual interest rate for the years ended April 30, 2022 with interest ranging from 4.5 
to 7.75 for the year ended April 30, 2023 and with and maturity date on March 2, 2024. The interest rate for these two loans
is subject to change from time to time based on changes in an independent index which is the Wall Street Journal US prime as
published in the Wall Street Journal Money Rate Section. The covenant of the loans required that, so long as the loan agreements
remains in effect, the borrower will maintain a ratio of debt service coverage within 1.300 to 1.000. This coverage ratio will be
evaluated as of the end of each fiscal year. 

48 

Due to the violation of a covenant as of April 30, 2022, the Company
reclassified the loan balance of 313,278 under Good Fortune Supermarket of Monrovia, LP as current loan payable. As of April 30,
2023, the coverage ratio for Maison Monrovia was 4.93 and the coverage ratio for Maison San Gabriel was 4.67; however, the new coverage
ratio would not change the existing treatment for the loan of Good Fortune Supermarket of Monrovia, LP. 

U.S. Small
Business Administration 

On June 15, 2020, Maison Monrovia entered into a 150,000 Business
Loan Agreement with Small Business Administration, SBA, at 3.75 annual interest rate and the maturity date on June 15, 2050. On
June 15, 2020, Maison San Gabriel entered into a 150,000 Business Loan Agreement with Small Business Administration, SBA, at 3.75 
annual interest rate and the maturity date on June 15, 2050. On June 15, 2020, Maison El Monte, entered into a 150,000 Business
Loan Agreement with Small Business Administration, SBA, at 3.75 annual interest rate and the maturity date on June 15, 2050. Per
the SBA loan agreement, all these three loans interest payments were deferred to December 2022. 

On January 2022, Maison San Gabriel received an extra 1,850,000
fund from Small Business Administration, SBA, at 3.75 annual interest rate and the maturity date on June 15, 2050. Maison El Monte
received an extra 350,000 from Small Business Administration, SBA, at 3.75 annual interest rate and the maturity date on June 15,
2050. 

Commitments
and Contractual Obligations 

The
following table presents the Company s material contractual obligations as of April 30, 2023: 

Contractual Obligations 
 Total 
 Less than 1 year 
 1 3 years 
 3 5 years 
 Thereafter 
 
 American First National Bank, a National Banking Association 
 307,797 
 307,797 

U.S. Small Business Administration 
 2,624,330 
 63,030 
 132,341 
 141,255 
 2,287,704 
 
 Operating Lease Obligations and others 
 24,472,942 
 1,761,182 
 3,920,356 
 4,510,125 
 14,281,279 

27,405,069 
 2,132,009 
 4,052,697 
 4,651,380 
 16,568,983 

The
following table presents the Company s material contractual obligations as of April 30, 2022: 

Contractual Obligations 
 Total 
 Less than 1 year 
 1 3 years 
 3 5 years 
 Thereafter 
 
 American First National Bank, a National Banking Association 
 645,160 
 472,585 
 172,575 

U.S. Small Business Administration 
 2,649,700 
 25,671 
 128,128 
 136,714 
 2,359,187 
 
 Operating Lease Obligations and others 
 17,618,321 
 1,030,649 
 2,256,479 
 2,621,982 
 11,709,211 

20,913,181 
 1,528,905 
 2,557,182 
 2,758,696 
 14,068,398 

OFF-BALANCE SHEET
ARRANGEMENTS 

The
Company, has guaranteed all of the loans described above and its CEO Mr. John Xu has personally guaranteed the loans with the U.S.
Small Business Administration. The Company does not have any other off-balance sheet arrangements that either have, or are reasonably
likely to have, a current or future material effect on its financial condition. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

This
item is not required for smaller reporting companies. 

49 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

MAISON
SOLUTIONS INC. 
INDEX TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Audited Consolidated Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Kreit Chiu CPA LLP, Los Angeles, California PCAOB ID No. 6651) F-2 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Friedman LLP, New York, New York PCAOB ID No. F-3 Consolidated Balance Sheets F-4 Consolidated Statements of Income F-5 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity F-6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-7 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-8 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders 

Maison Solutions Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Maison
Solutions Inc. (the Company as of April 30, 2023, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in shareholders 
equity, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ).
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of April 30, 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the
company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company s financial statements based on our audit.
We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and
are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those
risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial
statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for
our opinion. 

/s/ Kreit Chiu CPA LLP 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2023. 

Los Angeles, California 

July 31, 2023 

PCAOB Firm ID: 6651 

F- 2 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

Maison Solutions Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheet of Maison Solutions Inc. and Subsidiaries (collectively, the Company as of April 30, 2022, and the related consolidated
statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the year ended April 30, 2022 and related
notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of April 30, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for the year ended April 30, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We served as the Company s auditor from
May 2021 through December 2022. 

, New York 

July 31, 2023 

F- 3 

MAISON
SOLUTIONS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

April 30, 
2023 
 April 30, 
2022 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash and equivalents 

Accounts receivable 
 
 -

Accounts receivable - related parties 

Inventories, net 

Prepayments 

Loan receivables 
 -

Other receivables and other current assets 

Other receivable - related parties 

Total Current Assets 

Restricted cash - non-current 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets 

Security deposits 

Investment in equity securities related parties 

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 

Goodwill 
 
 -

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accounts payable - related parties 
 
 -

Note payable 
 
 -

Current portion of loan payables 

Accrued expenses and other payables 

Contract liabilities 

Other payables - related parties 

Operating lease liabilities current 

Income taxes payable 

Total Current Liabilities 

Long-term loan payables 

Other long-term payables 

Operating lease liabilities - non-current 

Deferred tax liability, net 
 
 -

Total Liabilities 

Commitment and contingencies (Note 17) 

Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Class A Common stock, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Class B Common stock, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Accumulated retained earnings (deficit) 

Total Maison Solutions, Inc. Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Noncontrolling interests 

Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 4 

MAISON
SOLUTIONS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

Years Ended April 30, 

2023 
 2022 

Net Revenues 

Supermarket 

Total Revenues, Net 

Cost of Revenues 

Supermarket 

Total Cost of Revenues 

Gross Profit 

Selling Expenses 

General and Administrative Expenses 

Total Operating Expenses 

Income (Loss) from Operations 

Other Income, net 

Interest Income, net 

Total other Income, net 

Income (Loss) Before Income Taxes 

Income Tax Provisions 

Net Income (Loss) 

Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 

Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Maison Solutions Inc. 

Income (Loss) per Share Attributable to Maison Solutions, Inc. 

- Basic and Diluted

Weighted Average Number of Common Stock Outstanding 

- Basic and Diluted

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 5 

MAISON
SOLUTIONS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Additional 
 Retained Earnings 
 Non 
 Total Stockholders 

Common Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 
 (Accumulated 
 controlling 
 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit) 
 Interests 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance at April 30, 2021 

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance at April 30,2022 

-

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance at April 30, 2023 

-

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 6 

MAISON
SOLUTIONS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years Ended April 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization expenses 

Bad debt expense 
 
 -

Provision for inventory shrinkage reserve 

Change in deferred taxes 
 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 
 
 -

Accounts receivable - related party 

Inventories 

Prepayments 

Other receivables and other current assets 

Security deposits 

Accounts payable 

Accounts payable - related party 
 
 -

Accrued expenses and other payables 

Contract Liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities 

Taxes payables 

Other long-term payables 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Repayments from other receivables related parties 
 -

Payments of equipment purchase 

Payment of intangible assets 
 -

Payment for acquisition of subsidiary 
 
 -

Loans repaid by (provided to) third parties 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Bank overdraft 
 
 -

Proceeds from loans 
 -

Repayments on loan payables 
 
 -

Payment to other receivables related parties 
 
 -

Repayments (to) borrowings from related parties 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net changes in cash and restricted cash 

Cash and restricted cash at the beginning of the year 

Cash and restricted cash at the end of the year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash and restricted cash 

Cash 

Restricted cash 

Total cash and restricted cash 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities 

Purchase price of equity security investments included in other payables - related parties 
 -

Increase of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities 
 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 7 

MAISON
SOLUTIONS INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
APRIL 30, 2023 AND 2022 

of the equity interests in Good Fortune Supermarket San Gabriel, LP Maison San Gabriel and of the equity interests in Good Fortune Supermarket of Monrovia, LP Maison Monrovia ), each of which owns a
Good Fortune Supermarket. 

In
October 2019, the Company purchased of the equity interests in Super HK of El Monte, Inc. Maison El Monte ),
which owns a Hong Kong Supermarket. 

On
June 30, 2022, the Company purchased equity interest in GF Supermarket of MP, Inc. Maison Monterey Park ), the
legal entity holding a supermarket in Monterey Park. 

The
Company, through its four subsidiaries engages in the specialty grocery retailer business. The Company is a fast-growing specialty
grocery retailer offering traditional Asian food and merchandise to U.S. consumers, in particular to Asian-American communities. 

and negative amount for , respectively, which represent 
of the equity interest of Maison San Gabriel, of the equity interest of Maison Monrovia and of the equity interest of Maison
El Monte. For the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company had net income of and net loss of , respectively,
that were attributable to NCIs. 

F- 8 

at April 30, 2023, the
Company had net income of and net loss of for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022. The management plans to increase
its revenue by strengthening its sales force, providing attractive sales incentive programs, and increasing marketing and promotion activities.
Management also intends to raise additional funds by way of a private or public offering, or by obtaining loans from banks or others. 

million cash on hand and working capital deficit of at April 30, 2023. The Company has historically funded
its working capital needs primarily from operations. The working capital requirements are affected by the efficiency of operations and
depend on the Company s ability to increase its revenue. The Company believes that its cash on hand and operating cash flows will
be sufficient to fund its operations over at least the next 12 months from the date of issuance of these financial statements. However,
the Company may need additional cash resources in the future if the Company experiences changed business conditions or other developments,
and may also need additional cash resources in the future if the Company wishes to pursue opportunities for investment, acquisition,
strategic cooperation or other similar actions. If it is determined that the cash requirements exceed the Company s amounts of
cash on hand, the Company may seek to issue debt or equity securities or obtain a credit facility. 

per depositor, per insured
bank, for each account ownership category. The bank deposits exceeding the standard insurance amount will not be covered. As of April
30, 2023 and 2022, cash balances held in the banks, exceeding the standard insurance amount, are and , respectively.
The Company has not experienced any losses in accounts held in these financial institutions and believes it is not exposed to any risks
on its cash held in these financial institutions. 

and , respectively. 

F- 9 

years 
 
 Leasehold
 improvements 
 
 Shorter of the lease term or estimated useful life of the assets 
 
 Equipment 
 
 years 
 
 Automobiles 
 
 years 

F- 10 

of the voting shares and does not have the ability to exercise significant influence
over operating and financial policies of the investee using the cost method. The Company elects the measurements alternative and records
investment in equity securities at the historical cost in its consolidated financial statements and subsequently records any dividends
received from the net accumulated earrings of the investee as income. Dividends received in excess of earnings are considered a return
of investment and are recorded as reduction in the cost of the investments. 

equity interest in Dai Cheong Trading Inc., a grocery trading company, for from DC
Holding. DC Holding is owned by John Xu, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. See Note 12 Related
party balances and transactions . 

equity interest in HKGF Market of Alhambra, Inc, the legal entity holding the store for
 from Ms. Grace Xu, sole shareholder of HKGF Market of Alhambra, Inc. and a related party as the spouse of Mr. John Xu, the
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. See Note 12 Related party balances and transactions . 

F- 11 

Occupancy cost mainly consists of rents and common area maintenance fees. 

F- 12 

and as of April 30,
2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Non-perishables 

Total revenues 

and for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

of consolidated
total net sales. 

F- 13 

or more of the Company s total
purchases for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022. 

B 
 
 B 

C 
 
 C 

D 
 
 D 

likely of
being realized upon ultimate settlement. The Company considers many factors when evaluating our tax positions and estimating its tax benefits,
which may require periodic adjustments and which may not accurately forecast actual outcomes. The Company includes interest and penalties
related to its tax contingencies in income tax expense. 

F- 14 

F- 15 

Non-perishables 

Reserve for inventory shrinkage 

Inventories, net 

Movements
of reserve for inventory shrinkage are as follows: 

GF Supermarket of MP, Inc. Inventory shrinkage reserve at July 1, 2022 

Provision for (Reverse of) inventory shrinkage reserve 

Ending Balance 

Prepaid expense services provider 

Total prepayments 

As
of April 30, 2023, the prepayment mainly consists of paid to XHJC Holding Inc which is the Company s new centralized vendor
and paid to GF distribution, the Company s major vendor. 

As of April 30, 2022, the prepayment
is the amount the company paid to XHJC Holding Inc. This vendor requires approximately one month prepayment for purchases. The prepayment
balance, as of April 30, 2022, was used for the Company s May 2022 purchase. The prepaid expense is the amount
the Company paid to its insurance company to purchase next term general liability insurance. 

F- 16 

XHJC Holding Inc. 

Total loan receivables 

On April 30, 2020, the Company entered a promissory
note with its vendor Drop in the Ocean, Inc. with a total loan amount of up to with interest. Drop in the Ocean, Inc. repaid
 to the Company on September 9, 2022, on October 14, 2022, on October 28, 2022, and 
on October 30, 2022, including the interest as stated in the promissory note. 

The Company entered a promissory note with its
vendor XHJC Holding Inc. on January 1, 2022, with a total loan amount of up to with interest. On November 4, 2022,
XHJC Holding Inc. repaid in full to the Company. 

Interest
income for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 amounted to and , respectively. 

Equipment 

Leasehold Improvement 

Automobile 

Total property and equipment 

Accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation
expenses included in the general and administrative expenses for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 were and , respectively. Depreciation
expense included in the cost of sales for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 were and , respectively. 

, to be amortized over 15 years. The amortization of the trademark for the year
ended April 30, 2023 was . Estimated amortization expense for each of the next five years at April 30, 2023 is as follows: ,
 , , and . 

. The Company did not record any impairment to the goodwill for the year ended April 30, 2023. 

F- 17 

Accrued interest expense 

Accrued loss for legal matter 

Other payables 

Due to third parties 

Accrued consulting expense payable 

Sales tax payable 

Total accrued expenses and other payables 

to a third-party individual with annual interest rate of ,
payable upon demand. The note had accrued interest of as of April 30, 2023. 

U.S. Small Business Administration 

Total loan payables 

Current portion of loan payables 

Non-current loan payables 

American
First National Bank a National Banking Association 

On March 2, 2017, Maison Monrovia entered into a million
Business Loan Agreement with American First National Bank, a National Banking Association, at a annual interest rate with a maturity
date on . On March 2, 2017, Maison San Gabriel, entered into a million Business Loan Agreement with American
First National Bank at a annual interest rate with a maturity date on March 2, 2024. The covenant of loans required that, so
long as the loan agreements remains in effect, borrower will maintain a ratio of debt service coverage within to . This coverage
ratio will be evaluated as of the end of each fiscal year. The interest rate for these two loans is subject to change from time to time
based on changes in an independent index which is the Wall Street Journal US prime as published in the Wall Street Journal Money Rate
Section. The annual interest rate was for the years ended April 30, 2022 and 2021, and ranging from to for the
year ended April 30, 2023. 

The collateral for the bank loans is
personally guaranteed by Mr. Wu, who is the prior owner and applicant for the bank loan, and each store s assets
including inventory, fixture, equipment, etc. At the same time, a minimum of million in general liability insurance to
cover the collateral business assets located at 935 W. Duarte Dr. Monrovia, CA 91016. As of April 30, 2022, the
coverage ratio for Maison Monrovia was and the coverage ratio for Maison San Gabriel was . The Company reported this
situation to American First National Bank and there was no change on the term up to the date the Company issued these consolidated
financial statements. Due to the violation of a covenant as of April 30, 2022, the Company reclassified the loan balance of
 under Maison Monrovia as current loan payable. As of April 30, 2023, the coverage ratio for Maison Monrovia was 
and the coverage ratio for Maison San Gabriel was . The interest expense for this loan were and , respectively,
for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022. 

U.S. Small
Business Administration (the SBA 

Maison San Gabriel 

Maison El Monte 

Total SBA loan payables 

F- 18 

Business Loan Agreement with the SBA at annual interest rate and a
maturity date on . On June 15, 2020 Maison San Gabriel entered into a Business Loan Agreement with
the SBA at annual interest rate and a maturity date on . On June 15, 2020, Maison El Monte entered into
a Business Loan Agreement with SBA at annual interest rate and a maturity date on . 

On January 12, 2022, Maison San Gabriel entered into an additional
 Business Loan Agreement with the SBA at annual interest rate and a maturity date on . 

On January 6, 2022, Maison El Monte, Inc. entered into an additional
 Business Loan Agreement with the SBA at annual interest rate and a maturity date on . 

Per
the SBA loan agreement, all interest payments on these three loans were deferred to December 2022. As of April 30, 2023 and
2022, the Company s aggregate balance on the three SBA loans was and , respectively. Interest expenses
were and for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. During the year ended April 30, 2023, the
Company made repayment of (which includes principal of and interest expense of ). 

As of April
30, 2023, the future minimum principal amount of loan payments to be paid by year are as follows: 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total 

GF Supermarket of MP, Inc. (acquired all the assets from Hong Kong Supermarket of Monterey Park, Ltd on August 1, 2021) 

Hong Kong Supermarket of Monterey Park, Ltd 

HKGF Market of Alhambra, Inc. 

Total 

Purchases
from related parties 

Dai Cheong Trading Co Inc 

HKGF Market of Alhambra, Inc. 

Total 

F- 19 

HKGF Market of Alhambra, Inc. 

Total 

In
May 2021, the Company purchased a equity interest in Dai Cheong Trading Inc., a grocery trading company, for from DC
Holding CA, Inc. DC Holding CA, Inc. is owned by John Xu, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 

In
December 2021, the Company purchased a equity interest in HKGF Market of Alhambra, Inc, the legal entity holding the Alhambra
store for from Ms. Grace Xu, a related party as the spouse of Mr. John Xu, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the
Company. 

Related
party balances 

Accounts
receivable sales to related parties 

HKGF Market of Alhambra, Inc 

United Food LLC 

Total 

Accounts
payable purchase from related parties 

Dai Cheong Trading Co Inc. 

Total 

F- 20 

Ideal Investment 

Ideal City Capital 

Total 

Other
payables related parties 

Grace Xu 

J C Int l Group LLC 

Ideal City Capital 

Total 

Maison
 San Gabriel 

Maison
 El Monte 

Maison
 Monterey Park 

with new monthly based rent of for first year and increase for each of the next . On July 6, 2023, the Company and the lessor entered an amendment to lease and the lessor will provide monthly basic rent abatement of from August 1, 2023 through March 31, 2024, from April 1, 2024 through March 31, 2025, and from April 1, 2025 through March 31, 2026. As a result of increased monthly base rent, the Company remeasured the lease and found the ROU and lease liability of this lease increased by million for each. 

F- 21 

years. 

In
June and November 2022, the Company entered three leases for three copiers with terms of 63 months for each. As of April 30, 2023, the
average remaining term of the copier lease is years. 

The
copier lease detail information is listed below: 

Maison
 San Gabriel 

Maison
 Monterey Park 

The
Company s total lease expenses under ASC 842 are million and million for the years ended April 30, 2023 and
2022, respectively. The Company s ROU assets and lease liabilities are recognized using an effective interest rate of range 
to , which was determined using the Company s incremental borrowing rate. 

The
Company s operating ROU assets and lease liabilities were as follows: 

ROU assets copier leases 
 
 -

Total operating ROU assets 

Non-current operating lease liabilities 

Total lease liabilities 

As
of April 30, 2023, the five-year maturity of the Company s operating lease liabilities is as follow: 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

F- 22 

shares
of common stock with a par value of per share. On September 8, 2021, the total number of authorized shares of all classes
of stock was increased to by way of a , among which, the authorized shares were divided in to shares
of Class A common stock entitled to (1) vote per share, shares of Class B common stock entitled to
 (10) votes per share, and shares of preferred stock. For the Class A common stock and Class B common stock, the
rights of the holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock are identical, except with respect to voting and conversion rights.
Each share of Class A common stock is entitled to (1) vote. Each share of Class B common stock is entitled to votes and is convertible
at any time into one share of Class A common stock. John Xu holds all of our outstanding shares of Class B common stock. All shares and
per share amounts used herein and in the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been retroactively adjusted to reflect (i) the
increase of share capital as if the change of share numbers became effective as of the beginning of the first period presented for Maison
Group and (ii) the reclassification of all outstanding shares of our common stock beneficially owned by Golden Tree USA Inc. into
Class B common stock, which are collectively referred to as the Reclassification . 

State income tax expense 

Deferred: 

Federal income tax benefit 

State income tax benefit 

Total 

F- 23 

State statutory rate, net of effect of state income tax deductible to federal income tax 

Permanent difference penalties, interest, and others 

Utilization of net operating losses NOL 
 
 - 
 
 Valuation allowance 

Effective tax rate 

Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of differences between the carrying amounts of assets
and liabilities and their respective tax bases using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to
reverse. Deferred taxes are comprised of the following: 

Bad debt expense 

Lease liabilities, net of ROU 

NOL 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net 

Deferred tax liability: 

Trademark acquired at acquisition of Maison Monterey Park 

Deferred tax liability, net of deferred tax assets 

As
of April 30, 2023 and 2022, Maison and Maison El Monte had approximately million and million, respectively, of
 As of April 30, 2023 and 2022, Maison and Maison El Monte had approximately million and million, respectively,
of California state net operating loss which can be carried forward up to years to offset future taxable income. In assessing
the realization of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred
tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets depends upon the Company s future generation of
taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management
considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies in making this
assessment. After consideration of all the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect
to future realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. 

F- 24 

and of interest and penalties related to understated income tax payments for the years ended April 30,
2023 and 2022, respectively. As of April 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company had significant uncertain tax positions of and . 

The Company intends to file amended income
tax returns in 2023 with respect to these positions. The tax late payment was mainly due to the change in the tax year-end; the
year-end for the purpose of financial statements reporting already changed to fiscal year ending April 30 from calendar
year-end, and the Company recorded the income tax provision and income tax liability for the years ending April 30, 2023 and 2022
and as of April 30, 2023 and 2022 for the taxable income (loss) in the consolidated financial statements. The Company has not
yet filed an amendment to the income tax returns and therefore did not receive the actual tax late payment notice from the IRS yet.
As of April 30, 2023, the Company s U.S. income tax returns filed for the year ending on December 31, 2019 and thereafter are
subject to examination by the relevant taxation authorities. 

million employee retention credit ERC received.
The ERC is a tax credit for businesses that continued to pay employees while shut down due to the COVID-19 pandemic or had significant
declines in gross receipts from March 13, 2020 to December 31, 2021. 

to plaintiff in full settlement of all claims in the case. As a result of the settlement agreement, the Company
accrued as a loss relating to the case for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022. During the year ended April 30, 2023, the
Company accrued additional litigation loss. This settlement amount is subject to reduction by a court proceeding scheduled in
2023. 

Commitments 

On
April 19, 2021, JD E-commerce America Limited JD US and the Company entered into a Collaboration Agreement
(the Collaboration Agreement pursuant to which JD.com will provide services to Maison focused on updating in store
technology through the development of a new mobile app, the updating of new in-store technology, and revising store layouts to
promote efficiency. The Collaboration Agreement provided for a consultancy and initialization fee of , of which was
payable within three (3) days of effectiveness, of which is due within three (3) days of the completion and delivery of
initialization services (including initializing of a feasibility plan, store digitalization, delivery of online retailing and
e-commerce business and operational solutions for the Stores) as outlined in the Collaboration Agreement, and the remaining 
is payable within three (3) days of the completion and delivery of the implementation services (including product and
merchandise supply chain configuration, staff training for operation and management of the digital solutions, installation and
configuration of hardware, customization of software, concept design and implementation), as outlined in the Collaboration
Agreement. The Collaboration Agreement also included certain additional storage and implementation fees to be determined by the
parties and royalty fees, following the commercial launch of the platform developed by JD US, of of gross merchandise value
based on information generated by the platform. For each additional store requiring Consultancy and Initialization service, an
additional will be charged for preparing the feasibility plan for such additional store. There are no additional licensing fees or costs associated with the IP Agreement. As of the date of this
report, there is no new progress on the collaboration agreement with JD US. 

F- 25 

equity interest in GF Supermarket of MP, Inc Maison Monterey Park ), the
legal entity holding a supermarket in Monterey Park. Mrs. Grace Xu (spouse of Mr. John Xu, the Company s chief executive
officer) is the selling shareholder of GF Supermarket of MP Inc. with ownership percentage. Another selling shareholder of GF Supermarket
of MP Inc. is DNL Management Inc with ownership percentage, who is not a related party of the Company. The purchase consideration
was million. On February 21, 2023, the Company and the selling shareholders renegotiated and entered into an Amended Stock
Purchase Agreement with an effective date on October 31, 2022, to amend the purchase price to million, which both parties
believed reflected the true fair value of Maison Monterey Park. 

The
following table summarizes the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition. Goodwill as a result
of the acquisition of Maison Monterey Park is calculated as follows: 

Fair value of tangible assets acquired: 

Accounts receivable 

Due from related party 

Property and equipment 

Security deposit 

Inventory 

Deferred tax asset 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Intangible assets (trademark) acquired 

Total identifiable assets acquired 

Fair value of liabilities assumed: 

Bank overdraft 

Accounts payable 

Contract liabilities 

Income tax payable 

Accrued liability and other payable 

Tenant Security deposit 

Operating lease liabilities 

Deferred tax liability 

Total liabilities assumed 

Net identifiable assets acquired 

Goodwill as a result of the acquisition 

The
following condensed unaudited pro forma consolidated results of operations for the Company for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022
present the results of operations of the Company and Maison Monterey Park as if the acquisitions occurred on May 1, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. 

F- 26 

Operating costs and expenses 

Income from operations 

Other income 

Income tax expense 

Net income 

Operating costs and expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income 

Income tax expense 

Net loss 

partnership interest in HKGF Market of Arcadia, LLC HKGF Arcadia 

On
June 27, 2023, the Company invested for partnership interest in HKGF Arcadia. HKGF Arcadia is a supermarket located in
the City of Arcadia. 

F- 27 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Effective September 1, 2022, Friedman LLP
("Friedman") combined with Marcum LLP. Friedman served as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm from
June 15, 2021 through January 14, 2023. On January 3, 2023, the Company engaged Kreit Chiu CPA LLP KC to serve as
its independent registered public accounting firm, subject to the completion of all necessary client acceptance procedures and the required
communications between KC and the predecessor auditor, which were completed on January 17, 2023. 

Friedman's reports on our consolidated financial
statements for the year ended April 30, 2022 did not contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion and were not qualified
or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope, or accounting principles. Furthermore, during the year ended April 30, 2022 and
through January 14, 2023, there have been no disagreements with Friedman on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial
statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements, if not resolved to Friedman's satisfaction, would have caused
Friedman to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreement in connection with its reports on our financial statements for such
periods. 

During the year ended April 30, 2022
and through January 14, 2023, there were no reportable events as that term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation
S-K, other than the following material weaknesses. 

The material weaknesses identified related to (i)
the lack of full time personnel with appropriate levels of accounting knowledge and experience to address complex U.S. GAAP accounting
issues and to prepare and review financial statements and related disclosures under U.S. GAAP. Specifically, the Company s control
did not operate effectively to ensure the appropriate and timely analysis of and accounting for unusual and non-routine transactions
and certain financial statement accounts; (ii) the lack of adequate policies and procedures in control environment and control activities
to ensure that the Company s policies and procedures have been carried out as planned. The Company has yet to set up internal audit
functions; (iii) failure to keep a perpetual inventory control system, as goods received were not scanned into the MoleQ POS system on
a timely basis, inventory shortages were not timely calculated and recorded during the audit periods and the Company relies on a consultant
to adjust the inventory basis after the full inventory count at fiscal year-end; (iv) the lack of monitoring of related party transactions
on a timely basis and the lack of maintaining of a related party list and (v) information technology general control in the areas of:
(1) Risk and Vulnerability Assessment; (2) Selection and Management/Monitoring of Critical Vendors; (3) System Development and Change
Management; (4) Backup Management; (5) System Security Access: Deficiency in the Area of Audit Trail Record Control, Password Management,
Vulnerability Scanning or Penetration Testing; (6) Segregation of Duties, Privileged Access, and Monitoring Controls; and (7) System Monitoring
and Incident Management. 

Neither the Company nor anyone acting on our behalf
consulted KC with respect to the above material weaknesses or any reportable events. 

During our most recent fiscal year and through January 14, 2023,
neither our Company nor anyone acting on our behalf consulted KC with respect to any of the matters or reportable events set forth in
304(a)(1)(v)) of Regulation S-K. 

50 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by
this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on this evaluation, and the information described below in this Item 9A, our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at April 30, 2023 due to the material
weaknesses described below. 

Material Weaknesses
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

We identified material
weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting at April 30, 2023 as set forth below. A material weakness is a deficiency,
or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Notwithstanding the material
weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, we have concluded that the consolidated financial statements included in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows
for the periods presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Management has determined that the Company has
the following material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting at April 30, 2023, as related to: (i) insufficient
full-time employees with the necessary levels of accounting expertise and knowledge to compile and analyze consolidated financial statements
and related disclosures in accordance with U.S. GAAP and address complex accounting issues under U.S. GAAP; (ii) the lack of timely related
party transaction monitoring and the failure to keep a related party list and keep records of related party transactions on a regular
basis; (iii) the failure to keep an up-to-date perpetual inventory control system or timely perform company-wide inventory count at or
near its fiscal year-end date. Specifically, maintaining records for inbound warehouse purchases or have specialized personnel to scan
goods into the warehouse on a timely basis; (iv) the lack of adequate policies and procedures in control environment and control activities
to ensure that the Company s policies and procedures have been carried out as planned; ;(v) information technology general control
in the areas of: (1) Risk and Vulnerability Assessment; (2) Selection and Management/Monitoring of Critical Vendors; (3) System Development
and Change Management; (4) Backup Management; (5) System Security Access: Deficiency in the Area of Audit Trail Record Control,
Password Management, Vulnerability Scanning or Penetration Testing; (6) Segregation of Duties, Privileged Access, and Monitoring Controls;
and (7) System Monitoring and Incident Management; and (vi) accounting personnel have the ability in the accounting system to prepare,
review, and post the same accounting journal entry. 

Plan of Remediation of Material Weakness in Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting 

Following the identification and communication
of the material weaknesses, management commenced remediation actions relating to the material weaknesses beginning in the first quarter
of fiscal year 2024. 

We have taken, and are taking, certain actions
to remediate the material weakness related to our lack of U.S. GAAP experience. We plan to hire additional credentialed professional staff
and consulting professionals with greater knowledge and experience of U.S. GAAP and related regulatory requirements to oversee our financial
reporting process in order to ensure our compliance with U.S. GAAP and other relevant securities laws. In addition, we plan to provide
additional training to our accounting personnel on U.S. GAAP, and other regulatory requirements regarding the preparation of financial
statements. Until such time as we hire qualified accounting personnel with the requisite U.S. GAAP knowledge and experience and train
our current accounting personnel, we have engaged an outside CPA with U.S. GAAP knowledge and experience to supplement our current internal
accounting personnel and assist us in the preparation of our financial statements to ensure that our financial statements are prepared
in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and Auditor Attestation 

This
annual report does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation
report of the company s registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the Securities and Exchange
Commission for newly public companies. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There have been no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the year ended April 30, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting, except as described above. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

51 

Part
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Executive Officers and Directors 

Set forth below is information concerning our current
executive officers and directors. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s) 
 
 John Xu 
 
 46 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 
 
 Alexandria M. Lopez 
 
 37 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Mark Willis 
 
 66 
 
 Director and Chairperson of Compensation Committee 
 
 Bin Wang 
 
 65 
 
 Director and Chairperson of the Audit Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 
 
 Dr. Xiaoxia Zhang 
 
 53 
 
 Director 
 
 Tao Han 
 
 48 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 

Mr. Han has been selected, and has agreed to serve, as our Chief
Operating Officer, effective upon consummation of our initial public offering. 

Backgrounds of Current Executive Officers and Directors and All
Persons Who Have Been Selected and Agreed to Serve as Directors Effective Upon Consummation of our Initial Public Offering 

Set forth below is information concerning our current
executive officers and directors identified above. 

John Xu has served as Director, President
and Chief Executive Officer of the Company since 2019. Mr. Xu has served as Director and President of J C International Group
LLC, a cross-border investment firm since 2013. From 2009 to 2020, Mr. Xu also served as Director and President of Ideal City Realty,
LLC, a real estate investment firm. Mr. Xu has extensive experience in business operations, investment and strategic management and
retail enterprises, with a keen market sense and deep understanding of cross-border investment environment. 

We believe Mr. Xu s qualifications to
serve on our board of directors include his perspective and experience building and leading our Company as the founder and Chief Executive
Officer and his extensive experience in business, strategic development and implementation. 

Alexandria M. Lopez has served as a member
of our board of directors and has been the Chief Financial Officer of the Company since 2019. Ms. Lopez previously served as Chief Financial
Officer and Vice President of J C International Group LLC, a position she has held from 2014 to 2023. Ms. Lopez has over 10 years
of financial and accounting experience. Ms. Lopez received a B.A. in Accounting from the University of Phoenix. 

We believe Ms. Lopez s qualifications to serve
on our board of directors include her knowledge of our Company and her extensive management experience at our Company. 

Mark Willis , has served as a member of our
board of directors since June 14, 2023. Mr. Willis is the founder and Chief Executive Officer of ParQuest Consulting, which he founded
in 2015 and has served, since 2021, as a member of the transition team of New York City Mayor Eric Adams. Prior to these roles, Mr. Willis
served in various roles at Morgan Stanley Wealth Management, from 1998 to 2015. Mr. Willis has a BBA in Finance and Investments from
Baruch College and an MBA with a concentration computer methodology from the Baruch College Graduate School of Business. 

52 

We believe Mr. Willis s qualifications
to serve on our board of directors include his substantial experience in business management and finance as well as his expertise and
resources in financial services. 

Bin Wang has served as a member of our board
of directors since June 14, 2023. Mr. Wang is the Managing Director of Eon Capital International Ltd, a Hong Kong-incorporated
corporate advisory service company since 2007. He also acted as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Alberton Acquisition Corp.
(ALAC), a NASDAQ listed company from 2018 to 2020. From 2010 to 2012, he served as Independent Board Director of Sky Digital Stores Corp.
(SKYC), participating in the company s a public listing process. Mr. Wang began his financial career in 1994 with Chemical
Bank, as market segment manager for developing the bank s commercial banking business in the US domestic Asian market. He then served
as Vice President and Team Leader of Chase International Financial Services after Chemical Bank s merger into Chase in 1996 and
later combination into JP Morgan Chase in 2000. He continued his service at JP Morgan Chase with a broad range of management responsibilities
in the development and growth of the bank s international business until 2006. Mr. Wang graduated from Northwestern Polytechnic
University in 1980, received his M.S. degree in Mechanical Engineering from Xi an Jiaotong University in 1983 and he obtained his
M.A. in economics from Illinois State University in 1992. Mr. Wang has over 30 years of management experience in financial industry
and has provided his financial advisory services to dozens of corporate clients in both the United States and Asia. 

We believe Mr. Wang s qualifications
to serve on our board of directors include his substantial experience in business management as well as his expertise and resources in
financial services. 

Dr. Xiaoxia Zhang has served as a member
of our board of directors since June 14, 2023. Dr. Zhang serves as a consultant for a number of Chinese companies with U.S. operations,
focusing on strategy, resourcing, technology and supply chain management. Her clients include Yangfang Shengli Catering, which she helped
to grow from its origins as a street vendor to a full-industry-chain company that specializes in hala catering, food processing, packaging,
central kitchen and restaurants, and to expand its footprint in the New York and California markets. Dr. Zhang also advises Shanxi Hongtong
Fenghe Agroforestr, where she helped to develop its signature product, Yulu Fragrant Pear , which is known as the King
of Chinese Pears and to streamline the company s supply chain process, increasing company efficiency and profitability. Dr.
Zhang also serves as Deputy Director at Renmin University of China Lifelong Learning Center, a position she has held since 2014. She previously
served as Chairwoman at Zhongguancun Dongsheng New Urbanization Industry Alliance from 2016 to 2020 and Vice Dean at Tianjin Bohai Urban
Development Research Institute from 2011 to 2021. Dr. Zhang received her Doctoral Degree in environment science from Peking University
in 2004. 

We believe Dr. Zhang s qualifications to serve
on our board of directors include her substantial experience in consulting and supply chain management and development as well as her
experience with growth stage companies. 

Tao Han has been selected, and has agreed
to serve, as our Chief Operating Officer upon consummation of our initial public offering. Since October 2020, Mr. Han has served
as the general manager of our stores located in San Gabriel, El Monte and Monrovia. Prior to 2020, Mr. Han has served various managerial
positions in retail supermarkets for more than 10 years. From 2017 to 2020, Mr. Han was a marketing manager for Hema Fresh in
Beijing. From 2011 to 2017, Mr. Han served as administrative manager of Yonghui Supermarket, a public retail company in China. From
2001 to 2011, he was the Head of Management of Iko-Yokato Beijing. 

Board of Directors 

Board Composition 

Our business and affairs are managed under the direction
of our board of directors. Our board of directors currently has two members. Our Amended and Restated Bylaws provide that our board of
directors will consist of a number of directors to be fixed from time to time by the board. Immediately following the completion of our
initial public offering, we expect that our board of directors will consist of five directors, of which Bin Wang, Mark Willis and Dr.
Xiaoxia Zhang qualify as independent directors under the corporate governance standards of the Nasdaq and the independence requirements
of Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act. Members of the board of directors will be elected at our annual meeting of stockholders
to hold office until their successors have been elected and qualified, subject to prior death, resignation, disqualification or removal
from office. 

53 

Controlled Company 

We are a Controlled Company as defined
under the Nasdaq Stock Market Rules because, and as long as, Mr. John Xu, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, holds more than 50 
of the Company s voting power, he will exercise control over the management and affairs of the company and matters requiring stockholder
approval, including the election of the Company s directors. Mr. Xu, who after our initial public offering will control more than
50 of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock, will have the ability to control the outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders
for approval, including the election of our directors, as well as the overall management and direction of our Company. For so long as
we remain a Controlled Company under that definition, we are permitted to elect, and intend, to rely on certain exemptions from corporate
governance rules of Nasdaq, including: 

an exemption from the rule that a majority of our board of
directors must be independent directors; 

an exemption from the rule that the compensation of our chief
executive officer must be determined or recommended solely by independent directors; and 

an exemption from the rule that our director nominees must
be selected or recommended solely by independent directors. 

Committees of the board of directors 

Our board of directors will establish an audit committee,
a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee. Each committee member will be appointed by the board of
directors and will serve until his or her successor is elected and qualified, unless he or she is earlier removed or resigns. 

Audit Committee 

Upon the consummation of our initial public offering,
we expect to have an audit committee that consists of Dr. Xiaoxia Zhang, Bin Wang and Mark Willis. The board of directors has determined
that each of the members of the audit committee satisfy the independence requirements of the Nasdaq corporate governance standards and
Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act and is financially literate (as defined under the rules of Nasdaq). In arriving at this determination,
the Board has examined each audit committee member s scope of experience, the nature of their prior and/or current employment and
all other factors determined to be relevant under the rules and regulations of Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Bin Wang will serve as the chair of the audit committee.
The Board has determined that Bin Wang qualifies as an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of SEC regulations and meets
the financial sophistication requirements of the Nasdaq rules. In making this determination, the Board has considered formal education
and previous professional experience in financial roles. Both the Company s independent registered public accounting firm and management
will periodically meet privately with the audit committee members. 

54 

The committee will have responsibility for, among
other things: 

overseeing management s maintenance of the reliability
and integrity of our accounting policies and financial reporting and our disclosure practices; 

overseeing management s establishment and maintenance
of processes to assure that an adequate system of internal control is functioning; 

overseeing management s establishment and maintenance
of processes to assure our compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and corporate policies; 

reviewing our annual and quarterly financial statements prior
to their filing and prior to the release of earnings; and 

reviewing the performance of the independent accountants and
making recommendations to the board of directors regarding the appointment or termination of the independent accountants and considering
and approving any non-audit services proposed to be performed by the independent accountants. 

The audit committee will have the power to investigate
any matter brought to its attention within the scope of its duties and to retain counsel for this purpose where appropriate. 

Our board of directors will adopt a written charter
for our audit committee effective upon consummation of our initial public offering, which will be available on our corporate website at
 www.maisonsolutionsinc.com upon consummation of our initial public offering. 

The composition and function of the audit committee
complies with all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and all applicable SEC and Nasdaq rules and regulations.
The Company will comply with future requirements to the extent they become applicable to the Company. 

Compensation Committee 

The Company s compensation committee will
consist of Mark Willis, Bin Wang and Dr. Xiaoxia Zhang. The Board has determined that each of the members of nominating and corporate
governance committee satisfy the independence requirements of Nasdaq and the SEC. Mark Willis will serve as the chair of the compensation
committee. The functions of the compensation committee include, among other things: 

reviewing our compensation practices and policies, including
equity benefit plans and incentive compensation; 

reviewing key employee compensation policies; 

monitoring performance and compensation of our employee-directors,
officers and other key employees; and 

preparing recommendations and periodic reports to the board
of directors concerning these matters. 

Our board of directors will adopt a written charter
for our compensation committee effective upon consummation of our initial public offering, which will be available on our corporate website
at www.maisonsolutionsinc.com upon consummation of our initial public offering. 

The composition and function of the compensation
committee complies with all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and all applicable SEC and Nasdaq rules and regulations.
The Company will comply with future requirements to the extent they become applicable to the Company. 

55 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

The Company s nominating and corporate governance
committee consists of Bin Wang, Mark Willis and Dr. Xiaoxia Zhang. The Board has determined that each of the members of nominating and
corporate governance committee satisfy the independence requirements of Nasdaq and the SEC. Bin Wang will serve as the chair of the nominating
and corporate governance committee. The functions of the nominating and corporate governance committee include, among other things: 

making recommendations as to the size, composition, structure,
operations, performance and effectiveness of the board of directors; 

establishing criteria and qualifications for membership on
the board of directors and its committees; 

assessing and recommending to the board of directors strong
and capable candidates qualified to serve on the board of directors and its committees; 

developing and recommending to the board of directors a set
of corporate governance principles; and 

considering and recommending to the board of directors other
actions relating to corporate governance. 

Our board of directors will adopt a written charter
for our nominating and corporate governance committee effective upon consummation of our initial public offering, which will be available
on our corporate website at www.maisonsolutionsinc.com upon consummation of our initial public offering. 

The composition and function of the nominating and
corporate governance committee complies with all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and all applicable SEC and
Nasdaq rules and regulations. The Company will comply with future requirements to the extent they become applicable. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None of our executive officers currently serve,
or in the past year have served, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive
officers serving on our board of directors or compensation committee. 

Code of Ethics 

Upon consummation of our initial public offering,
our board of directors will adopt a code of ethics effective upon consummation of our initial public offering that establishes the standards
of ethical conduct applicable to all of our directors, officers, employees, consultants and contractors. The code of ethics will address,
among other things, competition and fair dealing, conflicts of interest, financial matters and external reporting, company funds and assets,
confidentiality and corporate opportunity requirements and the process for reporting violations of the code of ethics, employee misconduct,
conflicts of interest or other violations. Our code of ethics will be publicly available on our website at www.maisonsolutionsinc.com .
Any waiver of our code of ethics with respect to our directors, executive officers or other principal financial officers may only be authorized
by our board of directors and will be disclosed as required by applicable law and the listing rules of Nasdaq. 

56 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE AND DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 

Director Compensation 

From 2019 to date, our directors were John Xu and
Alexandria Marie Lopez and they have never received any compensation for their services as directors. We did, however, reimburse them
for their travel expenses incurred in connection with their attendance at board meetings and fulfilling their duties as members of our
board of directors. 

Our board of directors will adopt a new non-employee
director compensation program effective upon consummation of our initial public offering, under which each non-employee director will
receive compensation from us for their service on our board of directors as follows: 

Director Service Agreements 

In connection with the election as our directors,
each of our current non-executive directors (including the independent directors) has entered into a standard director service agreement
(the Form Director Service Agreement with us, pursuant to which (a) such director will be entitled to annual
cash retainers and/or equity incentive plans (which have yet to be established), (b) we agreed to indemnify our directors to the
fullest extent authorized in our governing documents and applicable law, and such indemnity only applies if the director acted honestly
and in good faith with a view to our best interests and, in the case of criminal proceedings, we had no reasonable cause to believe that
the director s conduct was unlawful; and (c) the directorship term will expire at the next annual stockholders meeting, subject
to earlier extraordinary events. 

Executive Compensation 

This section discusses the material components
of the executive compensation program for our executive officers who are named in the section titled Summary Compensation Table 
below. The table summarizes the compensation paid to our principal executive officer and each of our other named executive officers determined
under 402(m)(2) of Regulation S-K during 2023 and 2022. We refer to these individuals as our named executive officers. 
In fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, our named executive officers and their positions were as follows: 

John Xu, our President and Chief Executive Officer; 

Alexandria M. Lopez, our Chief Financial Officer; and 

Tao Han, our General Manager (who will be named Chief Operating
Officer upon the consummation of our initial public offering). 

This discussion may contain forward-looking statements
that are based on our current plans, considerations, expectations and determinations regarding future compensation programs. Actual compensation
programs we adopt following the completion of our initial public offering may differ materially from the currently planned programs summarized
in this discussion. 

Summary Compensation Table. 

The following table sets forth certain information concerning the annual
compensation of our Chief Executive Officer and our other named executive officers during the last two fiscal years. 

Officer Compensation Table (Fiscal Year 2023
and 2022) 

Name and principal position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock awards ) 
 Option awards ) 
 Nonequity incentive plan compensation ) 
 Nonqualified deferred compensation earnings ) 
 All other compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 (d) 
 (e) 
 (f) 
 (g) 
 (h) 
 (i) 
 (j) 
 
 John Xu, 
 2023 
 71,000 

President and Chief Executive Officer 
 2022 
 71,000 

Alexandria M. Lopez, 
 2023 
 106,000 

Chief Financial Officer 
 2022 
 106,000 

Tao Han, 
 2023 
 86,000 

Chief Operating Officer 
 2022 
 86,000 

57 

From 2019 to June 2021, our President and Chief
Executive Officer John Xu and Chief Financial Officer Alexandria M. Lopez did not receive any compensation for their services as executive
officers of Maison. From July 2021, Mr. Xu was paid a base salary in an amount of 71,000 per year and Ms. Lopez was paid a
base salary in an amount of 106,000 per year. Our Chief Operating Officer, Tao Han, has been paid a base salary of 86,000 per year since
joining the Company. 

Employment Agreements 

We have entered into employment agreements with
each of our named executive officers that generally set forth the terms and conditions of employment, including base salary, target bonus
opportunities, the opportunity to participate in the equity incentive plans of Maison Solutions Inc., and any of its respective affiliates
(to be documented in the relevant agreements of each such entity), and including, and standard employee benefit plan participation. 

Grants of Plan Based Awards 

None of our named executive officers participate
in or have account balances in any plan based award programs. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End; Option Exercises
and Stock Vested 

None of our named executive officers have ever held
options to purchase interests in it or other awards with values based on the value of its interests. 

Pension Benefits 

None of our named executive officers participated
in or have account balances in qualified or nonqualified defined benefit plans sponsored by the Company. 

Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 

None of our named executive officers participate
in or have account balances in nonqualified defined contribution plans or other deferred compensation plans maintained by the Company. 

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification Matters 

We have entered into indemnification agreements
with our directors and officers that contain provisions that limit their personal liability for monetary damages. Consequently, our directors
and officers will not be personally liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duties. With certain
exceptions, these agreements provide for indemnification for related expenses including, among other things, attorneys fees, judgments,
fines and settlement amounts incurred by any of our directors in any action or proceeding. We believe that these indemnification agreements
are necessary to attract and retain qualified persons as directors. We also maintain directors and officers liability insurance. 

Our amended and restated bylaws will provide that
we shall advance expenses incurred by a director in advance of the final disposition of any action or proceeding, and permit us to secure
insurance on behalf of any officer, director, employee or other agent for any liability arising out of his or her actions in that capacity
regardless of whether we would otherwise be permitted to indemnify him or her. 

The limitation of liability represented by the indemnification
agreements and the indemnification provisions in our amended and restated bylaws may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against
our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty of care. They may also reduce the likelihood of derivative litigation against our directors
and officers, even though an action, if successful, might benefit us and other stockholders. Further, a stockholder s investment
may be adversely affected to the extent that we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers. At present,
there is no pending litigation or proceeding involving any of our directors, officers or employees for which indemnification is sought,
and we are not aware of any threatened litigation that may result in claims for indemnification. 

58 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth information as of
July 31, 2023 regarding the beneficial ownership of our Class A and Class B common stock by: 

each person known by us to beneficially own more than 5 of
our common stock; 

each of our named executive officers; 

each of our directors; and 

all of our executive officers and directors as a group. 

Beneficial ownership for the purposes of the following
table is determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC. These rules generally provide that a person is the beneficial
owner of securities if they have or share the power to vote or direct the voting thereof, or to dispose or direct the disposition thereof
or have the right to acquire such powers within 60 days. We have based percentage ownership of our common on 13,760,000 shares of
our Class A common stock and 2,240,000 shares of our Class B common stock outstanding as of July 31, 2023. 

Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 of Common Stock 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Beneficially 
 
 Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Shares 
 
 Shares 
 
 Owned 
 
 5 Stockholders: 

Stratton Arms Holding, LLC (1)(2) 
 13,600,000 
 98.84 

37.61 
 
 Amsterdam NYC Fund, LP (3) 
 3,200,000 
 23.26 

8.85 
 
 Golden Tree USA, Inc (4) 

2,240,000 
 100 
 61.95 
 
 Executive Officers and Directors: 

John Xu (5) 
 13,600,000 
 98.84 
 2,240,000 
 100 
 99.56 
 
 Alexandria M. Lopez 

Tao Han 

Bin Wang 

Dr. Xiaoxia Zhang 

Mark Willis 

Represents less than 1 

(1) The address of Stratton Arms Holding, LLC is 3901 Main Street
Ste 501, Flushing NY 11354. 

(2) Stratton Arms Holding, LLC owns 50 of the partnership interest
of Amsterdam NYC Fund, LP and acts as the general partner of Amsterdam NYC Fund, LP. Stratton Arms Holding, LLC is deemed to be
the beneficial owner of 3,200,000 Class A common stock held indirectly through its ownership in Amsterdam NYC Fund, LP. 

(3) The address of Amsterdam NYC Fund, LP is 3901 Main Street Ste
501, Flushing NY 11354. 

(4) The address of Golden Tree USA, Inc is 3901 Main Street Ste
501, Flushing NY 11354. 

(5) John Xu is 100 owner of Stratton Arms Holding, LLC and Golden
Tree USA, Inc. John Xu has sole voting and dispositive power over the shares owned by Stratton Arms Holding, LLC and Golden Tree USA,
Inc. John Xu is the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 

59 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

The following includes a summary of transactions
since July 2019 and any currently proposed transactions to which we were or are expected to be a participant in which any of our
directors, executive officers, or holders of more than 5 of our capital stock, or any affiliate or member of the immediate family of
the foregoing persons, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. Most of these transactions are between John Xu, our majority
shareholder, chairman of the board and chief executive officer, and us. 

On October 29, 2019, the Company acquired a 25 equity
interest of Hong Kong Supermarket of Monterey Park, Ltd for 0.66 million. On January 1, 2020, the Company sold the 25 equity
interest of Hong Kong Supermarket of Monterey Park, Ltd to HZV Holding Inc. for 0.66 million, a company owned by John Xu. 

In fiscal year 2020, the Company borrowed 1,863,666 at 0 
interest per annum from Ideal Investment, a company owned by John Xu. As of April 30, 2020, the Company has converted all payables
from Ideal Investment to shares and the balance was zero. 

In fiscal year 2020, the Company lent 20,000 at 0 interest
per annum to Good Fortune CA3, LP, a company owned by John Xu. Good Fortune CA3, LP repaid the Company this amount in full in 2022. 

As of April 30, 2021, the Company has borrowed 86,288
at 0 interest per annum from John Xu. The Company paid back this amount in 2022. 

In fiscal year 2021, the Company lent 270,000 at 0 interest
per annum to JC International Group LLC, a company owned by John Xu. JC International Group LLC repaid the Company in full in 2022. 

In fiscal year 2021, the Company lent 60,000 at 0 interest
per annum to Ideal Investment, a company owned by John Xu. Ideal Investment has paid back this amount as of April 30, 2022. 

In fiscal year 2021, the Company lent 30,000 at 0 interest
per annum to Ideal City Capital, a company owned by John Xu. Ideal City Capital has paid back this amount as of April 30, 2022. 

In fiscal year 2021, the Company lent 122,000 at 0 interest
per annum to Fowler Development, a company owned by John Xu. Fowler Development has paid back this amount as of April 30, 2022. 

In fiscal year 2021, the Company lent 43,100 at 0 interest
per annum to Good Fortune CA3, LP, a company owned by John Xu. Good Fortune CA3, LP has paid back this amount as of April 30, 2022. 

On May 1, 2021, the Company acquired a 10 equity interest
of Dai Cheong Co., Inc, a California corporation, from DC Holding. DC Holding is owned by John Xu. The purchase price for this transaction
was 162,665. 

As of April 30, 2022, the Company lent 20,000 at 0 
interest per annum to Good Fortune CA3, LP, a company owned by John Xu, this amount was repaid on July 29, 2022. 

In fiscal year 2022, the Company borrowed 30,825 at 0 interest
per annum from Ideal City Capital, a company owned by John Xu. This amount was repaid on October 19, 2022. 

In fiscal year 2022, the Company borrowed 108,361 at 0 interest
per annum from JC International Group LLC, a company owned by John Xu. This amount was repaid on October 19, 2022. 

As of April 30, 2022, the Company owed John Xu 174,594.
This amount was repaid on October 20, 2022. 

As of April 30, 2022, the Company owed Grace Xu 40,775.
This amount was repaid on October 20, 2022. 

On December 31, 2021, the Company acquired a 10 equity
interest of HKGF Market of Alhambra, Inc., the legal entity holding the Alhambra Store, from Grace Xu. The purchase price for this transaction
was 40,775. 

On June 30, 2022, the Company acquired 100 of the equity
of GF Supermarket of MP, Inc. from DNL Management Inc. (51 ownership) and Ms. Grace Xu (49 ownership). This acquisition was treated
as a related party transaction. The purchase price for this transaction was 1.5 million. On February 21, 2023, the Company and the selling
shareholders renegotiated and entered into an Amended Stock Purchase Agreement, with an effective date on October 31, 2022, to amend
the purchase price to 2.5 million, which both parties believed reflected the true fair value of Maison Monterey Park. 

60 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Friedman served as the Company's independent registered
public accounting firm from June 15, 2021 through January 14, 2023. On January 3, 2023, the Company engaged KC to serve as its independent
registered public accounting firm for the year ended April 30, 2023, subject to the completion of all necessary client acceptance procedures
and the required communications between KC and the predecessor auditor, which were completed on January 17, 2023. Also, effective January
14, 2023, the Company approved the dismissal of Friedman as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. 

Friedman audited the Company s financial statements
as of and for the year ended April 30, 2022 and the subsequent interim period through January 14, 2023. Friedman's reports on our
consolidated financial statements for the year ended April 30, 2022 did not contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion and
were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope, or accounting principles. 

In connection with Friedman's audit of the Company s
financial statements as of and for the year ended April 30, 2022 and the subsequent interim period through January 14, 2023, there
were (i) no disagreements (as that term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K and
the related instructions) between the Company and Friedman on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure
or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction of Friedman, would have caused Friedman to make
a reference to the subject matter thereof in connection with its reports on the Company s financial statements for such years
and (ii) no reportable events (as that term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K and
the related instructions), other than the material weaknesses listed under Item 9 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

During the year ended April 30, 2022
and the subsequent interim period through January 14, 2023, neither the Company, nor any party on its behalf, consulted with KC regarding
either (i) the application of accounting principles to a specific transaction, either completed or proposed, or the type of audit
opinion that might be rendered with respect to the Company s financial statements, and no written reports or oral advice was provided
to the Company by KC that was an important factor considered by the Company in reaching a decision as to any accounting, auditing or financial
reporting issue or (ii) any matter that was either the subject of a disagreement (as that term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of
Regulation S-K and related instructions) or a reportable event (as that term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K). 

The following table sets forth KC s and Friedman s
fees for the years ended April 30, 2023 and April 30, 2022, respectively. 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Audit
 Fees (1) 
 397,362 
 355,000 
 
 Audit
 Related Fees (2) 
 15,000 
 93,000 
 
 Tax
 Fees 

All
 Other Fees 

Total 
 412,362 
 448,000 

(1) Includes fees for audits of our annual financial statements,
the auditors attestation of the Company s internal control over financial reporting, reviews of the related quarterly financial
statements, and services that are normally provided by the independent accountants in connection with statutory and regulatory filings
or engagements, including reviews of documents filed with the SEC. 

(2) Includes the review of Current Reports on Form 8-K and
comfort letters in connection with public offerings. 

61 

Part
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) We
have filed the following documents as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

1. The
financial statements listed in the Index to Financial Statements on page F-1 are filed as part of this report. 

2. Financial
statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, or the required information is shown in the financial statements or
notes thereto. 

3. Exhibits
included or incorporated herein: See below. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Maison Solutions Inc. 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Maison Solutions Inc. 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate. 
 
 4.2 
 
 Description of Registered Securities 
 
 10.1 + 
 
 Form of Maison Solutions Inc. 2023 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 
 10.2 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between Maison Solutions Inc. and each of the directors and officers thereof. 
 
 10.3 
 
 Form of Employment Agreement between Maison Solutions Inc. and John Xu. 
 
 10.4 
 
 Form of Employment Agreement between Maison Solutions Inc. and Alexandria M. Lopez. 
 
 10.5 
 
 Form of Employment Agreement between Maison Solutions Inc. and Tao Han. 
 
 10.6 
 
 Amended Loan Authorization and Agreement by and between the U.S. Small Business Administration and Good Fortune Supermarket of Monrovia LP, principal amount of 150,000 at 3.75 interest for a term of 30 years dated June 3, 2020. 
 
 10.7 
 
 Loan Authorization and Agreement by and between the U.S. Small Business Administration and Good Fortune Supermarket of San Gabriel LP, principal amount of 2,000,000 at 3.75 interest for a term of 30 years dated January 12, 2022. 
 
 10.8 
 
 Amended Loan Authorization and Agreement by and between the U.S. Small Business Administration and Super HK of El Monte Inc, principal amount of 500,000 at 3.75 interest for a term of 30 years dated January 6, 2022. 
 
 10.9 
 
 Collaboration Agreement by and between JD E-commerce American Limited and Maison Solutions Inc. dated April 19, 2021 (English Translation). 
 
 10.10 
 
 Intellectual Property License Agreement by and between JD E-commerce American Limited and Maison Solutions Inc. dated April 19, 2021 (English Translation). 
 
 10.11 
 
 Business Loan Agreement by and between American First National Bank and Good Fortune Supermarket of Monrovia, LP, principal amount of 1,000,000 at 4.5 to 6.5 variable interest for a term of 7 years dated March 2, 2017. 
 
 10.12 
 
 Business Loan Agreement by and between American First National Bank and Good Fortune Supermarket of San Gabriel, LP, principal amount of 1,000,000 at 4.5 to 6.5 variable interest for a term of 7 years dated March 2, 2017. 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Maison Solutions Inc. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Incorporated by reference from the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 22, 2023 and declared effective on June 14, 2023. 

Furnished herewith. 
 
 + 
 Indicates management compensatory agreement 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

62 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

DATE:
July 31, 2023 
 MAISON
 SOLUTIONS INC. 

By: 
 /s/
John Xu 

John
 Xu 

Chief
 Executive Officer, Chairman and President 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/ Alexandria M. Lopez 

Alexandria
 M. Lopez 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer and 

Principal
 Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
John Xu 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Chairman and President 
 
 July
 31, 2023 
 
 John
 Xu 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
Alexandria M. Lopez 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 July 31,
 2023 
 
 Alexandria
 M. Lopez 
 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Bin Wang 
 
 Director 
 
 July 31,
 2023 
 
 Bin
 Wang 

/s/ Mark Willis 
 
 Director 
 
 July 31,
 2023 
 
 Mark
 Willis 

/s/ Dr. Xiaoxia Zhang 
 
 Director 
 
 July 31,
 2023 
 
 Dr.
 Xiaoxia Zhang 

63 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 f10k2023ex4-2_maison.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTERED SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.2 

DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 

The following summary of the rights of our capital stock does not purport to be complete. This summary is subject to and qualified by
the provisions of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, as filed as Exhibit 3.1 and Exhibit 3.2, respectively,
to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference. Additionally, the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL ),
as amended, also affects the terms of our capital stock. 

General 

Pursuant to our Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on October 1, 2021, our authorized stock consists of: 

The total number of shares of all classes of stock
which the Corporation is authorized to issue is 100,000,000 comprised of (i) 95,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.0001 par
value per share (the common stock ), of which (a) 92,000,000 shares shall be a series designated as Class A
common stock (the Class A common stock ), (b) 3,000,000 shares shall be a series designated as Class B
common stock (the Class B common stock ), and (ii) 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.0001 par value
per share (the Preferred Stock ). 

Voting Rights 

Each holder of our Class A common stock is
entitled to one (1) vote per share, and each holder of our Class B common stock is entitled to ten (10) votes per share,
on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders. The holders of our Class A and Class B common stock will generally vote
together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders, unless otherwise required by Delaware law or our amended
and restated Certificate of Incorporation. Delaware law could require either holders of our Class A common stock or Class B
common stock to vote separately as a single class in the following circumstances: 

if we were to seek to amend our amended and restated Certificate
of Incorporation to increase or decrease the par value of a class of our capital stock, then that class would be required to vote separately
to approve the proposed amendment; and 

if we were to seek to amend our amended and restated Certificate
of Incorporation in a manner that alters or changes the powers, preferences, or special rights of a class of our capital stock in a manner
that affected its holders adversely, then that class would be required to vote separately to approve the proposed amendment. 

Our amended and restated Certificate of Incorporation
will not provide for cumulative voting for the election of directors. 

Dividend Rights 

The holders of our Class A and Class B
common stock are entitled to receive dividends as may be declared from time to time by our board of directors out of legally available
funds. See the section titled Dividend Policy for additional information. 

Conversion 

Each outstanding share of Class B common stock
is convertible at any time at the option of the holder into one share of Class A common stock. In addition, each share of Class B
common stock will convert automatically into one share of Class A common stock upon any transfer, whether or not for value, which
occurs after the completion of our initial public offering, except for certain permitted transfers further described in our amended and restated Certificate
of Incorporation, including estate planning or charitable transfers where exclusive voting control with respect to the shares of Class B
common stock is retained by the transferring holder, and transfers to affiliates or certain other related entities of the transferring
holder. 

All outstanding shares of our Class B common
stock will convert automatically into shares of our Class A common stock at 5:00 p.m. New York City time on a date fixed
by our board of directors that is not less than 60 days nor more than 180 days following the date the aggregate number of shares
of our Class B common stock then outstanding ceases to represent at least 5 of the aggregate number of all shares of our common
stock then outstanding. In addition, each share of Class B common stock held by our John Xu, our Chief Executive Officer, (or any
of Mr. Xu s permitted transferees) will automatically convert into one share of Class A common stock at 5:00 p.m.
New York City time on a date fixed by our board of directors that is not less than 60 nor more than 180 days following the death
or disability of Mr. Xu. Once converted into Class A common stock, the Class B common stock may not be reissued. 

Liquidation 

In the event of our liquidation, dissolution, or
winding up, holders of our Class A and Class B common stock will be entitled to share ratably in the net assets legally available
for distribution to stockholders after the payment of all of our debts and other liabilities 

Rights and Preferences 

Holders of our Class A and Class B common
stock have no pre-emptive, conversion (except as noted above), or subscription rights, and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions
applicable to our Class A common stock or Class B common stock. 

Fully Paid and Non-Assessable 

All of the outstanding shares of our Class A
and Class B common stock are fully paid and non-assessable. 

Anti-Takeover Provisions 

The provisions of the DGCL, our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation, and our amended and restated bylaws, which are summarized below, may have the effect of delaying, deferring,
or discouraging another person from acquiring control of our company. They are also designed, in part, to encourage persons seeking to
acquire control of us to negotiate first with our board of directors. We believe that the benefits of increased protection of our potential
ability to negotiate with an unfriendly or unsolicited acquirer outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging a proposal to acquire us because
negotiation of these proposals could result in an improvement of their terms. 

Delaware Law 

We are governed by the provisions of Section 203
of the DGCL. In general, Section 203 prohibits a public Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination 
with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became
an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. A business combination includes
mergers, asset sales, or other transactions resulting in a financial benefit to the stockholder. An interested stockholder 
is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns, or within three years did own, 15 or more of the corporation s
outstanding voting stock. These provisions may have the effect of delaying, deferring, or preventing a change in our control. 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended
and Restated Bylaw Provisions 

Our amended and restated Certificate of Incorporation
and our amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that could make the following actions and transactions, among others, more difficult:
acquisition of us by means of a tender offer; acquisition of us by means of a proxy contest or otherwise; or removal of our incumbent
officers and directors. It is possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish or could deter transactions that
stockholders may otherwise consider to be in their best interest or in our best interests, including transactions that might result in
a premium over the market price for our shares. 

These provisions, summarized below, are expected
to discourage coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to encourage persons seeking
to acquire control of us to first negotiate with our board of directors. We believe that the benefits of increased protection of our potential
ability to negotiate with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal to acquire or restructure us outweigh the disadvantages
of discouraging these proposals because negotiation of these proposals could result in an improvement of their terms. 

2 

Dual Class Stock 

As described above in the subsection titled Class A
and Class B common stock Voting Rights, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will continue
to provide for a dual class common stock structure, which will provide Mr. Xu and current investors with significant influence over
all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and significant corporate transactions, such as a merger
or other sale of our company or its assets. 

Undesignated Preferred Stock 

The Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time
in one or more series. The board of directors of the Company is expressly authorized to provide for the issue of all or any of the shares
of the Preferred Stock in one or more series, and to fix the number of shares and to determine or alter for each such series, such voting
powers, full or limited, or no voting powers, and such designation, preferences, and relative, participating, optional or other rights
and such qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, as shall be stated and expressed in the resolution or resolutions adopted
by the board of directors providing for the issuance of such shares and as may be permitted by the DGCL. The board of directors is
also expressly authorized to increase or decrease the number of shares of any series subsequent to the issuance of shares of that series,
but not below the number of shares of such series then outstanding. 

The ability to authorize undesignated preferred
stock will make it possible for our board of directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could
impede the success of any attempt to effect a change in control of our company. These and other provisions may have the effect of deterring
hostile takeovers or delaying changes in control or management of our Company. 

Special Stockholder Meetings 

Our amended and restated bylaws will provide that
a special meeting of stockholders may only be called by an officer of our company pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of our
board of directors then in office or the chairperson of our board of directors. 

Requirements for Advance Notification of Stockholder Proposals
and Nominations 

Our amended and restated bylaws will establish advance
notice procedures with respect to stockholder proposals and the nomination of candidates for election as directors, other than nominations
made by or at the direction of the board of directors or a committee of the board of directors. 

Forum Selection 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
and amended and restated bylaws will provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of
Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings under Delaware statutory
or common law: (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought against or on behalf of the Company, (ii) any action asserting a claim
of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer, other employee or stockholder of the Company to the Company
or the Company s stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation
Law (the DGCL ), (iv) any action as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction upon the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware,
or (v) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the Court
of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, only if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware declines to accept jurisdiction over
a particular matter, any state or federal court located within the State of Delaware). However, Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates
exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations
thereunder, and as such, the exclusive jurisdiction clauses set forth above would not apply to such suits. Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws also provide that the federal district courts of the United States of America will
be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action against us or any of our directors, officers, employees,
or agents and arising under the Securities Act. Nothing in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated
bylaws preclude stockholders that assert claims under the Exchange Act from bringing such claims in state or federal court, subject
to applicable law. 

3 

If any action the subject matter of which is within
the scope described above is filed in a court other than a court located within the State of Delaware (a Foreign Action), in the name
of any stockholder, such stockholder shall be deemed to have consented to the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located
within the State of Delaware in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the applicable provisions of our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws and having service of process made upon such stockholder in
any such action by service upon such stockholder s counsel in the Foreign Action as agent for such stockholder. Although our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain the choice of forum provision described above, it is
possible that a court could find that such a provision is inapplicable for a particular claim or action or that such provision is unenforceable. 

This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s
ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, other employees,
or stockholders, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived
our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Amendment of Charter Provisions 

Any amendment of the above provisions in our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation would require approval by holders of at least 66 2/3 of the voting power of all of the then
outstanding capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. In addition, the
affirmative vote of holders of at least 80 of the shares of Class B common stock outstanding at the time of such vote, voting as
a separate series, is required to amend or repeal, or adopt any provision of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation relating
to the rights and preferences of our common stock. 

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification 

We have entered into indemnification agreements
with our directors and officers that contain provisions that limit their personal liability for monetary damages. Consequently, our directors
and officers will not be personally liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duties. With certain
exceptions, these agreements provide for indemnification for related expenses including, among other things, attorneys fees, judgments,
fines and settlement amounts incurred by any of our directors in any action or proceeding. We believe that these indemnification agreements
are necessary to attract and retain qualified persons as directors. We also maintain directors and officers liability insurance. 

Our amended and restated bylaws will provide that
we shall advance expenses incurred by a director in advance of the final disposition of any action or proceeding, and permit us to secure
insurance on behalf of any officer, director, employee or other agent for any liability arising out of his or her actions in that capacity
regardless of whether we would otherwise be permitted to indemnify him or her. 

The limitation of liability represented by the
indemnification agreements and the indemnification provisions in our amended and restated bylaws may discourage stockholders from bringing
a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty of care. They may also reduce the likelihood of derivative litigation
against our directors and officers, even though an action, if successful, might benefit us and other stockholders. Further, a stockholder s
investment may be adversely affected to the extent that we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers.
At present, there is no pending litigation or proceeding involving any of our directors, officers or employees for which indemnification
is sought, and we are not aware of any threatened litigation that may result in claims for indemnification. 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 

The transfer agent and registrar for our Class A
common stock is VStock Transfer LLC. 

Listing 

We have applied to list our Class A common
stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol MSS. 

4 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2023ex31-1_maison.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
John Xu, certify that: 

(1) I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Maison Solutions Inc.; 

(2) Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

(3) Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

July 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 John Xu 

John
 Xu 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Chairman and President 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2023ex31-2_maison.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Alexandria M. Lopez, certify that: 

(1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Maison Solutions
Inc.; 

(2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

July 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Alexandria M. Lopez 

Alexandria M. Lopez 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and 
 Principal Accounting
 Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2023ex32-1_maison.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT 

 TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the accompanying
Annual Report on Form 10-K of Maison Solutions Inc. (the Company for the year ended April 30, 2023, as filed with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), the undersigned hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge and belief, that: 

(1) the Report fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) the information contained in the
Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

July 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ John Xu 

John Xu 

Chief Executive Officer, Chairman and President (Principal
Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2023ex32-2_maison.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT 

 TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the accompanying
Annual Report on Form 10-K of Maison Solutions Inc. (the Company for the year ended April 30, 2023, as filed with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), the undersigned hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge and belief, that: 

(1) the Report fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

July 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Alexandria M. Lopez 

Alexandria M. Lopez 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and 
 Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 7
 f10k2023ex99-1_maison.htm
 CONSENT OF MARK WILLIS, DIRECTOR NOMINEE

Exhibit
99.1 

Consent
of INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR 

In
connection with the filing by Maison Solutions Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company of its Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended April 30, 2023 (the Form 10-K ), I hereby consent to being named as a person who will be appointed
to the Board of Directors the Company, and to all other references to me, in the Form 10-K to be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission on July 31, 2023. I also consent to the filing of this consent as an exhibit to the Form 10-K. 

Dated:
July 31, 2023 

/s/
 Mark Willis 

Mark Willis 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-99.2>
 8
 f10k2023ex99-2_maison.htm
 CONSENT OF BIN WANG, DIRECTOR NOMINEE

Exhibit 99.2 

Consent
of INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR 

In connection with the
filing by Maison Solutions Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company of its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
April 30, 2023 (the Form 10-K ), I hereby consent to being named as a person who will be appointed to the Board of Directors
the Company, and to all other references to me, in the Form 10-K to be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on July
31, 2023. I also consent to the filing of this consent as an exhibit to the Form 10-K. 

Dated: July 31, 2023 

/s/ Bin Wang 

Bin Wang 

</EX-99.2>

<EX-99.3>
 9
 f10k2023ex99-3_maison.htm
 CONSENT OF DR. XIAOXIA ZHANG, DIRECTOR NOMINEE

Exhibit 99.3 

Consent
of INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR 

In connection with the
filing by Maison Solutions Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company of its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
April 30, 2023 (the Form 10-K ), I hereby consent to being named as a person who will be appointed to the Board of Directors
the Company, and to all other references to me, in the Form 10-K to be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on July
31, 2023. I also consent to the filing of this consent as an exhibit to the Form 10-K. 

Dated: July 31, 2023 

/s/ Dr. Xiaoxia Zhang 

Dr. Xiaoxia Zhang 

</EX-99.3>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 cik0001892292-20230430.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 cik0001892292-20230430_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 cik0001892292-20230430_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 cik0001892292-20230430_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 cik0001892292-20230430_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

