<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230731_10-K_edgar_data_1634117_0001634117-23-000032.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>20680501</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>2896615</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2965650</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9706404</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2369767</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2220200</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>17</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001634117-23-000032.hdr.sgml : 20230731
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230731161505
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001634117-23-000032
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		89
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230429
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230731
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230731

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Barnes & Noble Education, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001634117
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-MISCELLANEOUS SHOPPING GOODS STORES [5940]
		IRS NUMBER:				460599018
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0429

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37499
		FILM NUMBER:		231127570

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		120 MOUNTAIN VIEW BOULEVARD
		CITY:			BASKING RIDGE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07920
		BUSINESS PHONE:		908-991-2665

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		120 MOUNTAIN VIEW BOULEVARD
		CITY:			BASKING RIDGE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07920

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001634117-23-000032.txt : 20230731

10-K
 1
 bned-20230429.htm
 10-K 2023

bned-20230429 
 
 Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code: 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Class Trading Symbol Name of Exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Emerging Growth Company Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes x 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately million based upon the closing market price of per share of Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange as of October 29, 2022. As of July 21, 2023, shares of Common Stock, par value per share, were outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Portions of the Registrant s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference into Part III. 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 BARNES NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 INDEX TO FORM 10-K Page No. Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 3 
 Availability of Information 
 4 
 PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 5 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 18 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 30 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 30 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 30 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 30 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters And Issuer Purchases Of Equity Securities 
 31 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 32 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion And Analysis Of Financial Condition And Results Of Operations 
 34 
 Overview 
 34 
 Results Of Operations 
 37 
 Non-GAAP Measures 
 53 
 Liquidity And Capital Resources 
 56 
 Critical Accounting Policies And Estimates 
 63 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative And Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 67 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements And Supplementary Data 
 68 
 Item 9. 
 Changes In And Disagreements With Accountants On Accounting And Financial Disclosure 
 108 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls And Procedures 
 108 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 111 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 111 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers And Corporate Governance 
 111 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 111 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership Of Certain Beneficial Owners And Management And Related Stockholder Matters 
 111 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships And Related Transactions, And Director Independence 
 111 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees And Services 
 112 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 112 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 115 
 Signatures 
 116 

2 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This annual report on Form 10-K contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and information relating to us and our business that are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to our management. When used in this communication, the words anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend, plan, will, forecasts, projections, and similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management, identify forward-looking statements. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the future events and trends discussed in this Form 10-K may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. 
 Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, the outcome of which is subject to certain risks, including, among others: 
 the amount of our indebtedness and ability to comply with covenants applicable to current and /or any future debt financing; 
 our ability to satisfy future capital and liquidity requirements; 
 our ability to access the credit and capital markets at the times and in the amounts needed and on acceptable terms; 
 our ability to maintain adequate liquidity levels to support ongoing inventory purchases and related vendor payments in a timely manner; 
 our ability to attract and retain employees; 
 the pace of equitable access adoption in the marketplace is slower than anticipated and our ability to successfully convert the majority of our institutions to our BNC First Day equitable and inclusive access course material models or successfully compete with third parties that provide similar equitable and inclusive access solutions; 
 the strategic objectives, successful integration, anticipated synergies, and/or other expected potential benefits of various strategic and restructuring initiatives, may not be fully realized or may take longer than expected; 
 dependency on strategic partnerships, such as with VitalSource Technologies, Inc. and the Fanatics Retail Group Fulfillment, LLC, Inc. Fanatics and Fanatics Lids College, Inc. D/B/A "Lids" Lids (collectively referred to herein as the F/L Partnership ), and the potential for adverse operational and financial changes to these partnerships, may adversely impact our business; 
 non-renewal of managed bookstore, physical and/or online store contracts and higher-than-anticipated store closings; 
 decisions by colleges and universities to outsource their physical and/or online bookstore operations or change the operation of their bookstores; 
 general competitive conditions, including actions our competitors and content providers may take to grow their businesses; 
 the risk of changes in price or in formats of course materials by publishers, which could negatively impact revenues and margin; 
 changes to purchase or rental terms, payment terms, return policies, the discount or margin on products or other terms with our suppliers; 
 product shortages, including decreases in the used textbook inventory supply associated with the implementation of publishers digital offerings and direct to student textbook consignment rental programs; 
 work stoppages or increases in labor costs; 
 possible increases in shipping rates or interruptions in shipping services; 
 a decline in college enrollment or decreased funding available for students; 
 decreased consumer demand for our products, low growth or declining sales; 
 the general economic environment and consumer spending patterns; 
 trends and challenges to our business and in the locations in which we have stores; 
 3 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 risks associated with operation or performance of MBS Textbook Exchange, LLC s point-of-sales systems that are sold to college bookstore customers; 
 technological changes; 
 risks associated with counterfeit and piracy of digital and print materials; 
 risks associated with data privacy, information security and intellectual property; 
 disruptions to our information technology systems, infrastructure, data, supplier systems, and customer ordering and payment systems due to computer malware, viruses, hacking and phishing attacks, resulting in harm to our business and results of operations; 
 disruption of or interference with third party web service providers and our own proprietary technology; 
 risks associated with the impact that public health crises, epidemics, and pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, have on the overall demand for BNED products and services, our operations, the operations of our suppliers and other business partners, and the effectiveness of our response to these risks; 
 lingering impacts that public health crises may have on the ability of our suppliers to manufacture or source products, particularly from outside of the United States; 
 changes in domestic and international laws or regulations, including U.S. tax reform, changes in tax rates, laws and regulations, as well as related guidance; 
 enactment of laws or changes in enforcement practices which may restrict or prohibit our use of texts, emails, interest based online advertising, or similar marketing and sales activities; 
 adverse results from litigation, governmental investigations, tax-related proceedings, or audits; 
 changes in accounting standards; and 
 the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the section titled Risk Factors in Part I - Item 1A of this Form 10-K. 
 Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results or outcomes may vary materially from those described as anticipated, believed, estimated, expected, intended or planned. Subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements in this paragraph. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise after the date of this Form 10-K. 
 
 AVAILABILITY OF INFORMATION 
 Our website address is www.bned.com and our Investor Relations website address is investor.bned.com . Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), which maintains an Internet site at www.sec.gov to access such reports. We are subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act and file or furnish reports, proxy statements, and other information with the SEC. Such reports and other information filed by the Company with the SEC are available free of charge on our website at investor.bned.com when such reports are available on the SEC s website. We use our investor.bned.com website as a means of disclosing material non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Accordingly, investors should monitor investor.bned.com , in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. 
 The contents of the websites referred to above are not incorporated into this filing. Further, our references to the URLs for these websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
 
 4 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. BUSINESS 
 
 Unless the context otherwise indicates, references to we, us, our and the Company refer to Barnes Noble Education, Inc. or BNED , a Delaware corporation. References to Barnes Noble College or BNC refer to our subsidiary Barnes Noble College Booksellers, LLC. References to MBS refer to our subsidiary MBS Textbook Exchange, LLC. 
 Our fiscal year is comprised of 52 or 53 weeks, ending on the Saturday closest to the last day of April. Fiscal 2024 means the 52 weeks ended April 27, 2024, Fiscal 2023 means the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023, Fiscal 2022 means the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022, and Fiscal 2021 means the 52 weeks ended May 1, 2021. 
 OVERVIEW 
 General 
 Barnes Noble Education, Inc. BNED is one of the largest contract operators of physical and virtual bookstores for college and university campuses and K-12 institutions across the United States. We are also one of the largest textbook wholesalers, inventory management hardware and software providers, and a leading provider of digital education solutions. We operate physical, virtual, and custom bookstores and serve more than 6 million students, delivering essential educational content, tools and general merchandise items within a dynamic omnichannel retail environment. 
 The strengths of our business include our ability to compete by developing new products and solutions to meet market needs, our large operating footprint with direct access to students and faculty, our well-established, deep relationships with academic partners and stable, long-term contracts and our well-recognized brands. We provide product and service offerings designed to address the most pressing issues in higher education, including equitable access, enhanced convenience and improved affordability through innovative course material delivery models designed to drive improved student experiences and outcomes. We offer our BNC First Day equitable and inclusive access programs, consisting of First Day Complete and First Day , which provide faculty requested course materials on or before the first day of class at a discounted rate, as compared to the total retail price for the same course materials if purchased separately. The BNC First Day discounted price is offered as a course fee or included in tuition. During Fiscal 2023, BNC First Day total revenue increased 48 from the prior year period. We are moving quickly and decisively to accelerate our First Day Complete strategy. We plan to move many institutions to First Day Complete in Fiscal 2024 and the majority of our stores by Fiscal 2025, with continued relative adoption of this model thereafter. 
 We expect to continue to introduce scalable and advanced solutions focused largely on the student and customer experience, expand our e-commerce capabilities and accelerate such capabilities through our merchandising partnership with Fanatics Retail Group Fulfillment, LLC, Inc. Fanatics and Fanatics Lids College, Inc. D/B/A "Lids" Lids (collectively referred to herein as the F/L Partnership ), win new accounts, and expand our strategic opportunities through acquisitions and partnerships. We expect gross general merchandise sales to continue to increase over the long term, as our product assortments continue to emphasize and reflect changing consumer trends, and we evolve our presentation concepts and merchandising of products in stores and online, which we expect to be further enhanced and accelerated through our F/L Partnership. Through this partnership, we receive unparalleled product assortment, e-commerce capabilities and powerful digital marketing tools to drive increased value for customers and accelerate growth of our logo general merchandise business. During Fiscal 2023, Retail Gross Comparable Store general merchandise sales increased by 8.6 . 
 The Barnes Noble brand (licensed from our former parent) along with our subsidiary brands, BNC and MBS, are synonymous with innovation in bookselling and campus retailing, and are widely recognized and respected brands in the United States. Our large college footprint, reputation, and credibility in the marketplace not only support our marketing efforts to universities, students, and faculty, but are also important to our relationship with leading publishers who rely on us as one of their primary distribution channels. 
 
 Segments 
 We identify our segments in accordance with the way our business is managed (focusing on the financial information distributed) and the manner in which our chief operating decision maker allocates resources and assesses financial performance. 
 During the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2023, assets related to our Digital Student Solutions ("DSS") Segment met the criteria for classification as Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations and is no longer a reportable segment. On May 31, 2023, subsequent to the end of Fiscal 2023, we completed the sale of these assets related to our DSS Segment for cash proceeds of 20 million, net of certain transaction fees, severance costs, escrow, and other considerations. During the first quarter of Fiscal 2024, we expect to record a Gain on Sale of Business in the range of 2.5 million to 4.5 million. Net cash proceeds from the sale was used for debt repayment and provided additional funds for working capital needs under our Credit Facility. 
 5 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 We have two reportable segments: Retail and Wholesale. Additionally, unallocated shared-service costs, which include various corporate level expenses and other governance functions, are not allocated to any specific reporting segment and continue to be presented as Corporate Services . The following discussion provides information regarding the two segments. 
 
 RETAIL SEGMENT 
 General 
 The Retail Segment operates college, university, and K-12 school bookstores, comprised of physical bookstores and virtual bookstores. Our bookstores typically operate under agreements with the college, university, or K-12 schools to be the official bookstore and the exclusive seller of course materials and supplies, including physical and digital products. The majority of the physical campus bookstores have school-branded e-commerce websites which we operate independently or along with our merchant partners, and which offer students access to affordable course materials, school supplies, technology items, student essentials, and affinity products, including emblematic apparel and gifts. 
 The Retail Segment offers existing and prospective clients the flexibility of physical, virtual or custom store solutions. Students have access to the right course materials at the right time, combined with a superior in-house customer service department to help with ordering, delivery, and digital content inquiries. At certain institutions, students also have the flexibility of using financial aid, and proprietary campus debit cards for their course material purchases. 
 The Retail Segment also offers our BNC First Day equitable and inclusive access programs, consisting of First Day Complete and First Day , which provide faculty requested course materials on or before the first day of class at a discounted rate, as compared to the total retail price for the same course materials if purchased separately. The BNC First Day discounted price is offered as a course fee or included in tuition. We have entered into several agreements with major publishers, including Cengage Learning, McGraw-Hill Education and Pearson Education, to distribute their digital content through BNC First Day . In Fiscal 2023, BNC First Day total sales increased by 48 from the prior year. See BNC First Day Inclusive Access Programs discussion below. In addition to BNC First Day programs, the Retail Segment offers a suite of digital content and services to colleges and universities, including a variety of open education resources OER course material. 
 In Fiscal 2023, in the Retail Segment, we signed contracts for 66 new physical and virtual bookstores for estimated first year annual sales of approximately 53 million, which is generally fully achieved as if the store becomes fully-operational in their first full year of operations. In Fiscal 2023, we closed 127 stores in the Retail Segment, with estimated annual sales of 82 million as we pruned some under-performing, less profitable stores, satellite stores, and certain other contracts were awarded to competitors. We plan to move many institutions to First Day Complete in Fiscal 2024 and the majority of our stores by Fiscal 2025, with continued relative adoption of this model thereafter. 
 Currently, we estimate that approximately 27 of college and university affiliated bookstores in the United States are operated by their respective institutions. We anticipate that schools will continue to outsource their campus bookstore, and we intend to aggressively pursue profitable new business opportunities to grow our Retail business footprint. We evaluate each new contract based on established profitability measures to ensure we maintain a portfolio of profitable accounts. Our ability to offer existing and prospective clients physical, virtual and custom store solutions is a key element of our competitive strategy. 
 Our business was significantly negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, as many schools adjusted their learning models and on-campus activities. The impact of COVID-19 store closings during Fiscal 2021 to Fiscal 2022 resulted in the loss of cash flow and increased borrowings that we would not otherwise have expected to incur. In Fiscal 2023, on campus traffic grew from increased campus events and activities, as compared to the last two years. See our Part II - Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for further discussion on the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business. 
 BNC First Day Equitable and Inclusive Access Programs 
 We provide product and service offerings designed to address the most pressing issues in higher education, including equitable access, enhanced convenience and improved affordability through innovative course material delivery models designed to drive improved student experiences and outcomes. We offer our BNC First Day equitable and inclusive access programs, consisting of First Day Complete and First Day , which provide faculty requested course materials on or before the first day of class at a discounted rate, as compared to the total retail price for the same course materials if purchased separately. The BNC First Day discounted price is offered as a course fee or included in tuition. 
 First Day Complete is adopted by an institution and includes all undergraduate classes (and on occasion graduate classes), providing students both physical and digital materials. The First Day Complete model drives substantially greater unit sales and sell-through for the bookstore. 
 First Day is adopted by a faculty member for a single course, and students receive primarily digital course materials through their school's learning management system ("LMS"). 
 6 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 Offering course materials through our equitable and inclusive access First Day Complete and First Day models is a key, and increasingly important strategic initiative of ours to meet the market demands of substantially reduced pricing to students, as well as the opportunity to improve student outcomes, while, at the same time, increasing our market share, revenue and relative gross profits of course material sales given the higher volumes of units sold in such models as compared to historical sales models that rely on individual student marketing and sales. These programs have allowed us to reverse historical long-term trends in course materials revenue declines, which have been observed at those schools where such programs have been adopted. We are moving quickly and decisively to accelerate our First Day Complete strategy. We plan to move many institutions to First Day Complete in Fiscal 2024 and the majority of our schools by Fiscal 2025, with continued relative adoption of this model thereafter. 
 For the 2023 Spring Term, 116 campus stores adopted our First Day Complete course materials delivery program, representing approximately 580,000 in total undergraduate student enrollment (as reported by National Center for Education Statistics), compared to 76 campus stores representing approximately 380,000 in total undergraduate student enrollment for the 2022 Spring Term. During the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023, First Day Complete sales increased by 93 million to 198 million, or 88 , as compared to 105 million in the prior year period. 
 Partnership with Fanatics and Lids 
 In December 2020, we entered into the F/L Partnership. Through this partnership, we receive unparalleled product assortment, e-commerce capabilities and powerful digital marketing tools to drive increased value for customers and accelerate growth of our general merchandise business. Fanatics cutting-edge e-commerce and technology expertise offers our campus stores expanded product selection, a world-class online and mobile experience, and a progressive direct-to-consumer platform. Coupled with Lids, the leading standalone brick and mortar retailer focused exclusively on licensed fan and alumni products, our campus stores have improved access to trend and sales performance data on licensees, product styles, and design treatments. 
 We maintain our relationships with campus partners and remain responsible for staffing and managing the day-to-day operations of our campus bookstores. We also work closely with our campus partners to ensure that each campus store maintains unique aspects of in-store merchandising, including localized product assortments and specific styles and designs that reflect each campus s brand. We leverage Fanatics e-commerce technology and expertise for the operational management of the emblematic merchandise and gift sections of our campus store websites. 
 Lids manages in-store assortment planning and merchandising of emblematic apparel, headwear, and gift products for our partner campus stores, and Lids owns the inventory it manages, relieving us of the obligation to finance inventory purchases from working capital. Through the pending installation of Lids "Custom Zones" at certain stores, our stores will offer a differentiated shopping experience, that lets students, parents, alumni, fans, and campus clubs personalize school merchandise that s sold in the store. These Custom Zones will drive incremental foot traffic, increases in-store dwell time, and grows sales opportunities. The installation of traffic counters at certain stores provides comprehensive store analytics that help us optimize the customer experience and business outcomes, by better aligning staffing with peak traffic hours, identifying opportunities to increase conversion, or assessing promotional effectiveness. 
 On April 4, 2021, as contemplated by the F/L Partnership's merchandising agreement, we sold our logo and emblematic general merchandise inventory to Lids, which was finalized during the first quarter of Fiscal 2022. As contemplated by the F/L Partnership's e-commerce agreement, we began to transition certain of our e-commerce sites to Fanatics e-commerce sites for logo and emblematic products during the first quarter of Fiscal 2022. As the logo and emblematic general merchandise sales are fulfilled by Lids and Fanatics, we recognize commission revenue earned for these sales on a net basis in our consolidated financial statements, as compared to the recognition of logo and emblematic general merchandise sales on a gross basis prior to April 4, 2021. 
 In December 2020, Fanatics, Inc. and Lids Holdings, Inc. jointly made a 15 million strategic equity investment in BNED. In addition to its equity investment, on June 7, 2022, we entered into a 30 million term loan credit agreement with TopLids LendCo, LLC and Vital Fundco, LLC, another strategic partner. For additional information, see Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 
 Contracts 
 Physical and Custom Campus Bookstore Solutions 
 We operate physical campus bookstores. Our physical bookstores are typically operated under management agreements with the college or university to be the official college or university bookstore and the exclusive seller of course materials and supplies, including physical and digital products sold in-store, online or through learning management systems. We pay the school a percentage of sales for the right to be the official college or university bookstore and the use of the premises; approximately half of our agreements do not have any minimum guaranteed amount to be paid to our partners. In addition, we have the non-exclusive right to sell all items typically sold in a college bookstore both in-store and online. We also have the ability to integrate the store's systems with the colleges and university s systems in order to accept student financial 
 7 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 aid, university debit cards and other forms of payment. Our decentralized management structure empowers local teams to make decisions based on the local campus needs and fosters collaborative working relationships with our partners. 
 We also offer Custom Store Solutions , where an institution has a physical on-campus store for general merchandise sales, but course materials are offered virtually and fulfilled direct-to-student (either to an individual address or a central campus pick-up point). Additionally, our virtual-only solutions, discussed below, also have the ability to offer ship-to-campus options. 
 The physical bookstore management contracts with colleges and universities typically include five-year terms with renewal options and are typically cancellable by either party without penalty with 90 to 120 days' notice. Our campus bookstores have an average relationship tenure of 15 years. From Fiscal 2020 through Fiscal 2023, approximately 86 of these contracts were renewed or extended, often before their termination dates. We are moving quickly and decisively to accelerate our First Day Complete strategy. We plan to move many institutions to First Day Complete in Fiscal 2024 and the majority of our schools by Fiscal 2025, with continued relative adoption of this model thereafter, accordingly, going forward the percentage of contracts that are renewed or extended may decline in the future. 
 Virtual Campus Bookstore Solutions 
 We operate virtual campus bookstores. Our virtual bookstores operate under a contract with the school as the exclusive online seller of course materials. We operate as the institution s official source of course materials with exclusive rights to book lists and access to online programs that link course materials to the courses offered by the school. Our virtual-only solutions typically ship course materials directly to students, but also have the ability to offer ship-to-campus options. 
 Virtual bookstore agreements typically have a term that ranges between three to five years, with automatic renewal periods. For the past three years, we have retained over 90 of our contracts annually, with the majority of the contracts being automatically renewed as per the contract terms or renewed before their expiration dates. We pay the school a percentage of sales for the right to be the official college or university bookstore. 
 We also operate Textbooks.com SM which is one of the largest e-commerce sites for new, used, and digital textbooks. This division is primarily for direct-to-student sales. 
 Customers and Distribution Network 
 As of April 29, 2023, we operate physical college and university bookstore operations and virtual bookstore operations (388 K-12 virtual stores or 66 and 204 Higher Education virtual stores or 34 located in the United States, in 50 states and the District of Columbia. Our Retail new business sales team is organized by specific territory and can offer all solutions (physical, virtual or custom store solutions) to public, state, private, community college, trade and technical, for-profit, online education institutions, within their respective territories. 
 Product and Service Offerings 
 We offer a broad suite of affordable course materials, including new and used print textbooks (which are available for sale or rent), digital textbooks and publisher hosted digital courseware, at our physical and virtual bookstores, as well as offered directly to students through Textbooks.com . We offer a robust used textbook selection, unique guaranteed buyback program, dynamic pricing, and marketplace offerings. 
 Our physical and virtual bookstores provide a comprehensive e-commerce experience and a broad suite of affordable course materials. Additionally, our physical campus stores are social and academic hubs through which students can access affordable course materials, along with emblematic apparel and gifts, trade books, technology, school supplies, caf offerings, convenience food and beverages, and graduation products. The majority of physical campus stores also have school-branded e-commerce sites which we operate independently or along with our merchant partners, and which offer the same products as the on campus stores plus additional items. 
 Product and service offerings include: 
 Course Material Sales and Rentals . Sales and rentals of course materials are a core revenue driver, and our faculty and student platforms operate as a seamless extension of our partner schools registration, student information and learning management systems. Students can purchase course materials, including new and used print (available for sale or rent), eTextbooks, and publisher digital courseware platforms. We work directly with faculty to ensure the course materials they have chosen for their courses are available in all required formats before the start of classes. Our wholesale distribution channel enables our Retail Segment to optimize textbook sourcing, so they are able to more efficiently source and distribute a comprehensive inventory of affordable course materials to customers. BNC's Adoption Insights Portal AIP is an innovative platform that provides enhanced support for faculty and academic leadership to research, submit and monitor course material selections, further driving affordability and student success. 
 Equitable and Inclusive Access. As discussed above, we offer our BNC First Day equitable and inclusive access programs, consisting of First Day Complete and First Day , which provide faculty requested course materials on or before the first day 
 8 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 of class at a discounted rate, as compared to the total retail price for the same course materials if purchased separately. We have partnered with VitalSource , to use their technology to power our BNC First Day inclusive access platform, for digitally formatted courseware, from all major publishers, including Cengage Learning, McGraw-Hill Education and Pearson, allowing us to accelerate and optimize BNC First Day implementations. The seamless delivery is made possible by our BNC First Day technology and publishers' technology integrations with campus systems. These initiatives provide students, faculty and institutions greater access to more affordable course materials. First Day is offered on a class-by-class basis, as adopted by the individual instructors on a campus, as compared to First Day Complete , an institution adopts the program for all undergraduate (and on occasion graduate) courses. In Fiscal 2023, BNC First Day programs' total sales increased by 48 from the prior year. First Day Complete offers the delivery of both digital and physical course materials priced at substantial discounts compared to traditional individual student sales offerings. Offering course materials through our equitable and inclusive access programs is a key and increasingly important strategic initiative of ours to meet the market demands of substantially reduced pricing to students while, at the same time, increasing our market share, revenue and relative gross margins of course materials sales given the higher volumes of units sold in such models as compared to historical sales models that rely on individual student marketing and sales. 
 eTextbooks. We have partnered with VitalSource , a global leader in building, enhancing and delivering digital content, on our digital reading platform and digital content catalog. The partnership with VitalSource allows us to use its technology to power our BNC First Day platform, for digitally formatted course materials, allowing us to accelerate and optimize BNC First Day implementations. 
 General Merchandise . For our physical campus bookstores and custom store solutions, we drive general merchandise sales through both in-store and online channels and feature collegiate and athletic apparel, other custom-branded school spirit products, lifestyle and wellness products, technology products, supplies, graduation products and convenience items. We continue to see significant growth in general merchandise sales, which has been further bolstered through our F/L Partnership, as discussed above. We continue to enhance the user experience and product mix offered through our next generation e-commerce platform. In Fiscal 2023, Retail Gross Comparable Store Sales for general merchandise increased by 44 million, or 8.6 . 
 We operate 47 True Spirit apparel and spirit shop e-commerce websites, through our F/L Partnership, which are virtual stores that appeal specifically to the alumni and sports fan base. We also operate pop-up retail locations at major sporting events, such as football and basketball games, for our partner colleges and universities. The True Spirit e-commerce websites for athletic branded merchandise and the physical pop-up retail locations continue to build our partner schools brands through alumni and athletics, fostering school spirit and capturing the excitement of collegiate sports. We utilize event driven direct marketing strategies for events, such as tournament playoffs or homecoming events, to target an online population of students, alumni and sports fans, with emails and search engine marketing. 
 Caf s and Convenience Stores. At our physical campus locations, we operate 67 customized caf s, featuring Starbucks Coffee , as well as regional coffee roasters, and 19 stand-alone convenience stores. Our Caf locations and convenience marketplaces offer diverse grab-and-go options including organic, vegan, gluten-free and regional fresh food products. These offerings increase traffic and time spent in our physical stores. As market needs change, we are adapting our model to include more grab-and-go pre-packed fresh food items, simplified menus to reduce food waste and new technology to reduce operating complexity and make the customer experience more efficient. 
 Brand Partnerships. Through our unique relationship with students, colleges and universities, and our premier position on campus and online, we operate as a media channel for brands looking to target the college demographic, and derive revenue from these marketing programs. We also focus on promoting lifestyle products to students and faculty by promoting various brands to connect on a much more personal level. We create strategic, integrated campaigns which include research, email, social media, display advertising, on-campus events, signage, and sampling. Our client list includes brands such as College Ave, Comcast-Xfinity, Dell, Hewlett-Packard, New York Times, Peacock, Verizon, Wall Street Journal, and Zip. Revenue from these services have high margin rates due to the relatively low incremental cost structure to provide these services. 
 Merchandising and Supply Chain Management 
 Our purchasing procedures vary based on type of bookstore (physical or virtual) and by product type (i.e., course materials, general merchandise or trade books). 
 Course Materials and Trade Books 
 Purchases are made at the bookstore level with strategic corporate oversight to determine purchase quantities and maintain appropriate inventory levels. After titles are adopted for an upcoming term, we determine how much inventory to purchase based on several factors, including student enrollment and the previous term s course material sales history. For physical campus bookstores, we use an automated sourcing system to determine if another store has the necessary new or used textbooks on hand and may transfer the inventory to the appropriate store. 
 9 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 The Retail Segment fulfillment order is directed first to our wholesale business before other sources of inventory are utilized. Our wholesale business significantly increases our textbook supply at competitive prices, as well as our ability to liquidate non-returnable inventory. Through this close inventory management, we consolidate textbook units from multiple Retail Segment stores and other non-traditional wholesale sources into fewer, but larger, store shipments, reducing our shipping expenses and providing for efficiency of store handling, which puts our books on the store's shelves faster. Our broad wholesale distribution channel and warehousing systems also drive inventory efficiencies by using real-time information regarding title availability, edition status and market prices, allowing the Retail Segment to optimize its course material sourcing and purchasing processes. 
 After internal sourcing, the bookstore purchases remaining inventory needs from outside suppliers and publishers. Out of stock inventory is minimized by managing inventory through our Wholesale Segment. For course material sales and rentals, we utilize sophisticated inventory management platforms to manage pricing and inventory across all stores. Our primary suppliers of new textbooks are publishers, including Pearson Education, Cengage Learning, McGraw-Hill Education, Macmillan Learning, and John Wiley Sons. Both unsold textbooks and trade books are generally returnable to publishers for full credit. We also receive a supply of used textbooks from students, through returns of previously rented and purchased books. We offer a Cash for Books program in which students can sell their books back to the physical or virtual bookstore at the end of the semester, typically in December and May. Students typically receive up to 50 of the price they originally paid for the book if it has been adopted for a future class or the current wholesale price if it has not. In Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, during the COVID-19 pandemic, the impact of fewer students on campus and the increase in digital textbook usage, significantly impacted our on-campus buyback programs which supplies Wholesale s used textbook inventory for future selling periods. As more students continue returning to campus in Fiscal 2023, returns of previously rented textbooks and buybacks of new and used textbooks have increased, but are still not at pre-COVID-19 levels, mainly attributed to the continued growth of digital textbooks and courseware products. 
 The larger physical bookstores feature an expanded selection of trade books (general reading). Merchants meet with publishers on a regular basis to identify new titles and trends to support this changing business. 
 General Merchandise 
 General merchandise vendors and product selection is driven by our central merchant organization that is responsible for curating the overall product assortment, as well as in partnership with Lids and Fanatics for logo and emblematic general merchandise assortment in-store and online, respectively. Benchmarks are established across school type, region and the demographics of each of our schools to allow for store level insights and customization for a product assortment that is unique to address the needs of each school that we serve. Our ability to support and promote our partner schools brands strengthens our relationships with the administration, faculty, alumni, fans, parents and students. 
 Our ability to source school supplies and general merchandise sold in our campus bookstores, including technology-related products and emblematic clothing is impacted by the broader macro-economic global supply chain. 
 Customer Engagement and Marketing 
 Campus Community 
 Our campus relationships and contractual agreements allow us to seamlessly integrate into the college and university community. With direct access to our customer base through both physical and digital channels, we drive awareness, revenue and loyalty for the schools that we serve. We actively market and promote to all segments of our customer base for our physical and virtual bookstores, as well as Textbooks.com . We develop fully-integrated marketing programs to drive engagement with the students, parents, alumni and fans to promote all of our product and services, with a focus on academic course material needs, as well as school spirit, supply, graduation and technology categories. Textbooks.com marketing strategies target an online population of students, lifelong learners, parents and general textbook shoppers through a variety of channels including email, search engine marketing and affiliate marketing. 
 We have robust research capabilities that keep us ahead of the rapidly changing needs and behaviors of our customers, which allow us to proactively respond with relevant and dynamic solutions. Our Barnes Noble College Insights platform, which gives us the ability to reach approximately 7 million active students, parents, and alumni via email, and our on campus activities and opportunities with students and faculty, help to guide and inform our strategies and direction. In addition, we expect to benefit from the F/L Partnership for insights on logo and emblematic merchandise, brand selection and style preferences, as Lids may be able to identify certain retail trends for similar age demographics at their 1,100 Lids retail locations. We believe Lids has its finger on the pulse of the buyer behavior of the 12-20 year old student consumer to identify and act on trends prior to other retailers. 
 Our customizable technology delivers a seamless experience providing students and faculty with the ability to research, locate and purchase the most affordable course materials. Our platforms include single sign-on SSO ), student information system integration, registration integration, learning management system integration, real-time financial aid platform, point of 
 10 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 sale platform and course fee solutions. Through our fully-integrated purchasing process, students can purchase their course materials in-store, online, or when registering for classes. 
 Faculty and School Administrators 
 We support faculty and academic leadership with our proprietary online platform which allows for seamless content research, discovery and course material adoption, enabling them to offer course materials that are both relevant and affordable for their students. 
 Seasonality 
 Our retail business is highly seasonal, with the major portion of sales and operating profit realized during the second and third fiscal quarters, when college students generally purchase and rent textbooks for the upcoming semesters. Revenue from the rental of physical textbooks is deferred and recognized over the rental period commencing at point of sale. Revenue from the rental of digital textbooks is recognized at time of sale. 
 Given the growth of BNC First Day programs, the timing of cash collection from our school partners may shift to periods subsequent to when the revenue is recognized. When a school adopts our BNC First Day equitable and inclusive access offerings, cash collection from the school generally occurs after the student drop/add dates, which is later in the working capital cycle, particularly in our third quarter given the timing of the Spring Term and our quarterly reporting period, as compared to direct-to-student point-of-sale transactions where cash is generally collected during the point-of-sale transaction or within a few days from the credit card processor. As a higher percentage of our sales shift to BNC First Day equitable and inclusive access offerings, we are focused on efforts to better align the timing of our cash outflows to course material vendors and schools with cash inflows collected from schools, including modifying payment terms in existing and future school contracts. 
 
 WHOLESALE SEGMENT 
 General 
 The Wholesale Segment is comprised of the wholesale and virtual retail fulfillment, and support operations of our MBS subsidiary. The Wholesale Segment enables the Company to generate more value from the textbook marketplace through inventory and procurement synergies. Since our acquisition of MBS in 2017, we have achieved certain operational and cost synergies by our ongoing integration of various activities and functions, such as new business sales, inventory management, customer support, and information technology support, amongst other activities. 
 We are one of the largest textbook wholesalers in the country, providing a comprehensive selection of new and used textbooks at a lower cost of supply to approximately physical bookstores, including our Retail Segment's physical campus bookstores. Our wholesale business also sources and distributes new and used textbooks to our virtual bookstores. Additionally, through our Wholesale Segment, we sell hardware and a software suite of applications that provides inventory management and point-of-sale solutions to approximately college bookstores. 
 Our Wholesale business provides a competitive advantage for our First Day Complete program, relative to other equitable access programs in the industry, as we are able to source used physical textbooks for our First Day Complete program directly from our Wholesale segment at a lower cost. Additionally, our Wholesale Segment serves as a key consolidation and staging platform of individual student orders, pre-timed shipping for bulk deliveries and store handling and student pick up efficiencies. 
 Product and Service Offerings 
 Product and Service offerings include: 
 Wholesale Textbook Distribution. Our large inventory of used textbooks consists of approximately 264,000 textbook titles in stock, and utilizes a highly automated distribution facility that is capable of processing over 21 million textbooks annually. 
 Additionally, we are a national distributor for rental textbooks offered through McGraw-Hill Education's consignment rental program (which includes approximately 1,016 titles) and Pearson Education s consignment rental program (which includes approximately 817 titles). Through our centrally located, advanced distribution center, we offer the seamless integration of these consignment rental programs and centralized administration and distribution to 1,576 stores, including the Retail Segment stores. These consignment rental programs are available to our wholesale customers, including institutionally run and contract managed campus bookstores, as well as our physical and virtual bookstores. 
 Wholesale Inventory Management, Hardware and POS Software. We sell hardware and a software suite of applications that provides inventory management and point-of-sale solutions to approximately college bookstores. We provide on-site installation for point-of-sale terminals and servers, and offer technical assistance through user training and our support center facility. The cost savings and ease of deployment ensure clients get the most out of their management systems and create strong customer loyalty. 
 11 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 Supply Chain Management 
 Our Wholesale Segment serves as the hub of BNED s physical book ecosystem. Our relationships with institutional bookstores, other bookstore operators, book dealers, publishers, and other distributors and wholesalers secures a supply of high demand new and used textbooks, which is critical to the success of the wholesale business. A primary supplier of used textbooks are students, through the return of previously rented and purchased books to their campus bookstore. Through our proprietary Database Buying Guide, we have access to the best maintained, most accurate, and most complete source of college textbook information available - a key asset that allows us to develop superior supply and demand insights and risk management capabilities. In Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, during the COVID-19 pandemic, the impact of fewer students on campus significantly impacted our on-campus buyback programs which supply Wholesale s used textbook inventory for future selling periods. In Fiscal 2023, as more students returned to campus, returns of previously rented textbooks and buyback of new and used textbooks have increased, but still not at pre-COVID-19 levels. Our ability to source new and used textbooks is also impacted by the broader macro-economic global supply chain. 
 Our broad wholesale distribution channel and warehousing systems also drives inventory efficiencies, allowing us to optimize our textbook sourcing, distribution and liquidation processes for BNC s retail stores. We leverage our wholesale distribution channel and warehousing systems to optimize our low-cost physical textbook availability for use in our retail programs, including First Day Complete . 
 Customer Marketing Strategies 
 We have developed deep relationships with our wholesale customer base as a result of our substantial inventory of used textbooks, a comprehensive catalog of textbooks, and superior service and systems support. We continue to maintain a portfolio of profitable accounts, given the demand for used and new textbooks has historically been greater than the available supply. 
 Seasonality 
 Our wholesale business is highly seasonal, as a major portion of quarterly sales and operating profit is realized during the first, second and third fiscal quarters, when textbooks are sold for retail distribution. 
 
 COMPETITION 
 We operate within a competitive and rapidly changing business environment, and each of our lines of business face competition for the products and services they offer. As it relates to our full service campus bookstore operations, Follett Corporation is the primary competitor for institutional contracts. We also compete with other vendors, including eCampus, University Gear, Valore Campus, Textbook Brokers, Texas Book Company, Slingshot, Akademos, and on occasion, Ambassador Educational Solutions for virtual store operations. We also face competition from direct-to-student course material channels, including Amazon, Chegg.com, publishers (e.g., Cengage Learning, Pearson Education and McGraw-Hill Education) that bypass the retail distribution channel by selling directly to students and institutions and other third-party websites and/or local bookstores. We face competition from eTextbook/digital content providers VitalSource Technologies, Inc., and Red Shelf, which offer independent bookstores a catalog of digital content and distribution services and also have direct-to-student selling channels for digital materials. VitalSource recently acquired Akademos, providing a distribution solution for print materials. 
 Competitors for institutional contracts for our cafe and convenience general merchandise offerings include Sodexo and Aramark. Our general merchandise business also faces competition from direct-to-student sales from Walmart, Amazon, Dick s Sporting Goods, Fanatics, Lids, and other third-party online retailers, physical and online office supply stores and local and national retailers that offer college-themed and other general merchandise. 
 Competitors for our wholesale new and used textbook inventory and distribution include Amazon, Valore Books, and Texas Book Company. 
 TRENDS AND OTHER BUSINESS CONDITIONS AFFECTING OUR BUSINESS 
 The market for educational materials continues to undergo significant change. As tuition and other costs rise, colleges and universities face increasing pressure to attract and retain students and provide them with innovative, affordable educational content and tools that support their educational development. Current trends, competition and other factors affecting our business include: 
 Overall Capital Markets, Economic Environment, College Enrollment and Consumer Spending Patterns. Our business is affected by capital markets, the overall economic environment, funding levels at colleges and universities, by changes in enrollments at colleges and universities, and spending on course materials and general merchandise 
 Capital Market Trends : We may require additional capital in the future to sustain or grow our business, including implementation of our strategic initiatives. The future availability of financing will depend on a variety of factors, such as economic and market conditions, and the availability of credit. These factors have and could continue to materially 
 12 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 adversely affect our costs of borrowing, and our financial position and results of operations would be adversely impacted. Volatility in global financial markets may also limit our ability to access the capital markets at a time when we would like, or need, to raise capital, which could have an impact on our ability to react to changing economic and business conditions. 
 Economic Environment: Retail general merchandise sales are subject to short-term fluctuations driven by the broader retail environment and other economic factors, such as interest rate fluctuations and inflationary considerations. Broader macro-economic global supply chain issues could impact our ability to source textbooks, school supplies and general merchandise sold in our campus bookstores, including technology-related products and emblematic clothing. Union and labor market issues may also impact our ability to provide services and products to our customers. A significant reduction in U.S. economic activity could lead to decreased consumer spending. 
 Enrollment Trends: The growth of our business depends on our ability to attract new customers and to increase the level of engagement by our current customers. We continue to see downward enrollment trends. Enrollment trends, specifically at community colleges, generally correlate with changes in the economy and unemployment factors, e.g., low unemployment tends to lead to low enrollment and higher unemployment rates tend to lead to higher enrollment trends, as students generally enroll to obtain skills that are in demand in the workforce. Additionally, enrollment trends are impacted by the dip in the United States birth rate resulting in fewer students at the traditional 18-24 year-old college age. Online degree program enrollments continue to grow, even in the face of declining overall higher education enrollment. 
 Increased Use of Open Educational Resources ("OER"), Online and Digital Platforms as Companions or Alternatives to Traditional Course Materials, Including Artificial Intelligence ("AI") Technologies. Students and faculty can now choose from a wider variety of educational content and tools than ever before, delivered across both print and digital platforms. 
 Increasing Costs Associated with Defending Against Security Breaches and Other Data Loss, Including Cyber-Attacks. We are increasingly dependent upon information technology systems, infrastructure and data. Cyber-attacks are increasing in their frequency, sophistication and intensity, and have become increasingly difficult to detect. We continue to invest in data protection, including insurance, and information technology to prevent or minimize these risks and, to date, we have not experienced any material service interruptions and are not aware of any material breaches. 
 Distribution Network Evolving. The way course materials are distributed and consumed is changing significantly, a trend that is expected to continue. The market for course materials, including textbooks and supplemental materials, is intensely competitive and subject to rapid change. 
 Disintermediation . We are experiencing growing competition from alternative media and alternative sources of textbooks and other course materials. In addition to the official physical or virtual campus bookstore, course materials are also sold through off-campus bookstores, e-commerce outlets, digital platform companies, publishers, including Cengage, Pearson and McGraw Hill, bypassing the bookstore distribution channel by selling or renting directly to students and educational institutions, including student-to-student transactions over the Internet, and multi-title subscription access. 
 Supply Chain and Inventory. Since the demand for used textbooks has historically been greater than the available supply, our financial results are highly dependent upon Wholesale s ability to build its textbook inventory from suppliers in advance of the selling season. In Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2022, during the COVID-19 pandemic, the impact of fewer students on campus, and the resulting increase in transition to digital materials, has significantly impacted our on-campus buyback programs which supplies Wholesale s used textbook inventory for future selling periods. Some textbook publishers have begun to supply textbooks pursuant to consignment or rental programs which could impact used textbook supplies in the future. Additionally, Wholesale is a national distributor for rental textbooks offered through McGraw-Hill Education's and Pearson Education s consignment rental program. The broader macro-economic global supply chain issues may also impact our ability to source school supplies and general merchandise sold in our campus bookstores, including technology-related products and emblematic clothing. 
 Price Competition. In addition to the competition in the services we provide to our customers, our textbook and other course materials business faces significant price competition. Students purchase textbooks and other course materials from multiple providers, are highly price sensitive, and can easily shift spending from one provider or format to another. 
 First Day Complete and First Day Models. Offering course materials sales through our equitable and inclusive access First Day Complete and First Day models is a key, and increasingly important, strategic initiative of ours to meet the market demands of substantially reduced pricing to students. Our First Day Complete and First Day programs contribute to improved student outcomes, while increasing our market share, revenue and relative gross profits of course materials sales given the higher volumes of units sold in such models as compared to historical sales models 
 13 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 that rely on individual student marketing and sales. These programs have allowed us to reverse historical long-term trends in course materials revenue declines, which have been observed at those schools where such programs have been adopted. We are moving quickly and decisively to accelerate our First Day Complete strategy. While we plan to move many institutions to First Day Complete in Fiscal 2024, and the majority of our schools by Fiscal 2025, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to achieve these plans within these timeframes or at all. 
 A Large Number of Traditional Campus Bookstores Have Yet to be Outsourced. 
 Outsourcing Trends. We continue to see the trend towards outsourcing in the campus bookstore market and also continue to see a variety of business models being pursued for the provision of course materials (such as equitable and inclusive access programs and publisher subscription models) and general merchandise. 
 New and Existing Bookstore Contracts . We expect awards of new accounts resulting in new physical and virtual store openings will continue to be an important driver of future growth in our business. We also expect that certain less profitable or non-essential bookstores we operate may close. The scope of any such store closures remains uncertain, although we are not aware, at this time, of any significant volume of stores which we operate that are likely to close or have informed us of upcoming closures. 
 Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic : Although most academic institutions have since reopened after the COVID-19 pandemic, the lingering impacts of the pandemic have resulted in changes in customer behaviors, lower enrollments, and an evolving educational landscape. Some institutions are still providing alternatives to traditional in-person instruction, including online and hybrid learning options and significantly reduced classroom sizes. The impact of COVID-19 store closings during Fiscal 2021 to Fiscal 2022 resulted in the loss of cash flow and increased borrowings that we would not otherwise have expected to incur. 
 
 GOVERNMENT LAWS AND REGULATIONS 
 We are subject to a number of laws and regulations that affect companies conducting business on the Internet and in the education industry, many of which are still evolving and could be interpreted in ways that could harm our business. For example, we often cannot be certain how existing laws and regulations, or new laws and regulations, will apply in the e-commerce and online context, including, but not limited to such topics as privacy, antitrust, credit card fraud, advertising, taxation, sweepstakes, promotions, content regulation, financial aid, scholarships, student matriculation and recruitment, quality of products and services and intellectual property ownership and infringement. 
 Numerous laws and regulatory schemes have been adopted at the national and state level in the United States, and in some cases internationally, that have a direct impact on our business and operations. For example: 
 The Controlling and Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act of 2003 CAN-SPAM Act and similar laws adopted by most U.S. states, which pertain directly or indirectly to commercial email, regulate unsolicited commercial emails, create criminal penalties for emails containing fraudulent headers and control other abusive online marketing practices. Similarly, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission FTC has guidelines that impose responsibilities on us with respect to communications with consumers and impose fines and liability for failure to comply with rules with respect to advertising or marketing practices they may deem misleading or deceptive. 
 The Telephone Consumer Protection Act of 1991 TCPA restricts telemarketing and the use of automated telephone equipment. The TCPA limits the use of automatic dialing systems, artificial or prerecorded voice messages, SMS text messages and fax machines. It also applies to unsolicited text messages advertising the commercial availability of goods or services. Additionally, a number of states have enacted statutes that address telemarketing. For example, some states, such as California, Illinois and New York, have created do-not-call lists. Other states, such as Oregon and Washington, have enacted no rebuttal statutes that require the telemarketer to end the call when the consumer indicates that he or she is not interested in the product being sold. Restrictions on telephone marketing, including calls and text messages, are enforced by the FTC, the Federal Communications Commission, states and through the availability of statutory damages and class action lawsuits for violations of the TCPA. 
 The Restore Online Shopper Confidence Act ROSCA ), and similar state laws, impose requirements and restrictions on online services that automatically charge payment cards on a periodic basis to renew a subscription service, if the consumer does not cancel the service. 
 Laws and regulations related to the Program Participation Agreement of the U.S. Department of Education, which define the terms and conditions that an institution must meet to begin and continue participation in the Title IV federal student aid programs, and other similar laws regulate the recruitment of students to colleges and other institutions of higher learning. 
 14 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 The Digital Millennium Copyright Act DMCA provides relief for claims of circumvention of copyright protected technologies and includes a safe harbor intended to reduce the liability of online service providers for hosting, listing or linking to third-party content that infringes copyrights of others. 
 The Communications Decency Act provides that online service providers will not be considered the publisher or speaker of content provided by others, such as individuals who post content on an online service provider s website. 
 The Company is subject to certain laws relating to the collection, use, retention, security and transfer of personal information. In many cases, these laws and regulations apply to not only third-party transactions, but also may impact transfers of personal information among the company and its affiliates. Nine U.S. states have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws as of June 1, 2023. 
 The California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA became effective on January 1, 2020, with enforcement commencing on July 1, 2020. CCPA, as amended, provides California consumers the right to know what personal data companies collect, how it is used, and the right to access, delete and opt out of sale of their personal information to third parties. It also expands the definition of personal information and gives consumers increased privacy rights and protections for that information. The California Privacy Rights Act CPRA took effect on December 16, 2020, and became fully operative on January 1, 2023. CPRA amends and adds to CCPA by strengthening rights of California consumers, further restricting business use of consumer personal information, and establishing a new government agency for enforcement. 
 The Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act VCDPA ), similar in scope to CCPA, went into effect on January 1, 2023. VCDPA is the second U.S. state-level consumer privacy law after CCPA, but unlike California, will not apply to employees and business contacts, nor provide for a private right of action. VCDPA also defines the sale of personal information narrowly, including only exchanges for monetary consideration. 
 Colorado is the third state to enact a comprehensive data privacy statute, the Colorado Privacy Act CPA ). CPA takes effect on July 1, 2023. Although similar in scope to VCDPA, CPA defines sale of personal information in the same manner as CCPA, which includes any exchange for monetary or any other valuable consideration. The Connecticut Data Privacy Act CTDPA also takes effect on July 1, 2023. CTDPA protects a Connecticut consumer acting in an individual or household context, but does not protect an individual acting in an employment context. 
 The Utah Consumer Privacy Act, which adopts the VCDPA s definition of sale of personal information. goes into effect on December 31, 2023. On March 29, 2023, Iowa became the sixth state to pass a comprehensive consumer privacy law, joining Utah, Connecticut, Colorado, Virginia and California. The Iowa Consumer Data Protection Act will go into effect on January 1, 2025. On May 1, 2023, Indiana became the seventh state to pass similar data privacy legislation, the Indiana Data Privacy Law, which will become effective January 1, 2026. The Tennessee Information Protection Act, enacted on May 11, 2023, will go into effect on July 1, 2024. On May 19, 2023, Montana became the ninth state to enact a comprehensive consumer privacy law, the Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act, which goes into effect October 1, 2024. 
 
 HUMAN CAPITAL 
 Overview 
 As of April 29, 2023, we had approximately 4,250 domestic employees, of which approximately 2,650 were full-time and the remaining were regularly scheduled part-time employees, and approximately 370 full-time international employees. In addition, we employed approximately 7,600 temporary and seasonal domestic employees during peak periods during Fiscal 2023. Of our approximate 3,030 full-time employees, 2,450 work in our Retail Segment, 270 work in our Wholesale Segment, 290 worked in our Digital Student Solutions Segment (which was sold in May 2023) and 20 work in corporate support functions. Our employees are not represented by unions, except for 10 employees. We believe that our relationship with our employees is good. 
 Personnel recruitment and training 
 We believe our continued success is dependent in part on our ability to attract, retain and motivate quality employees. Our success depends on our ability to promote and recruit qualified corporate personnel, regional and store managers and full-time and part-time store employees. Regional managers are primarily responsible for recruiting new store managers, while store managers are responsible for the hiring and training of store employees. Many of our part-time retail store employees are students attending the colleges and universities we serve. To attract and retain motivated and talented people, we look for opportunities to promote from within the Company. 
 We invest in our employees through structured training programs that offer all employees opportunities for development. We create, manage, or offer a large collection of courses for employees that cover a range of subjects such as goal setting, how to be an effective leader, situational leadership, and effective communication. 
 15 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 Compensation and benefits 
 We are committed to providing competitive pay and benefits to our employees. Corporate and store management, including store directors, regional managers and store managers, are compensated with base pay plus annual bonuses based on performance. We also offer equity awards to employees in several levels of management. Non-management employees are compensated on an hourly basis in addition to periodic contests and rewards. Many of our employees participate in one of our various incentive programs, which provide the opportunity to receive additional compensation based upon department or Company performance. 
 We also provide our eligible employees the opportunity to participate in a 401(k)-retirement savings plan which includes a 100 Company match of the employee s elective contributions up to 4 of eligible compensation. We offer a competitive benefits package for eligible employees and an employee discount on merchandise purchased from our stores. Commencing in September 2023, we revised the 401(k)-retirement savings plan to an annual end of fiscal year discretionary match, in lieu of the current pay period match. 
 We also offer an employee assistance program that provides employees and their family members immediate support and guidance, including access to free short-term licensed counseling services, as well as assessments and referrals for further services. Employees have 24-hour access by phone and through an interactive website to find information and resources for hundreds of everyday work and life issues, search for clinicians, submit online service requests and participate in interactive, customizable self-improvement programs. 
 Inclusion and Diversity 
 We are focused on creating an inclusive culture and a diverse employee base to better serve our diverse customer base. We provide programming to our employees on inclusion and diversity topics. Approximately, 59 of our full-time and part-time domestic employees identify as women and approximately 43 identify as ethnically diverse. 
 We have required all employees to complete training aimed at preventing harassment and discrimination and will be adding training in Fiscal 2024 regarding inclusion and diversity and unconscious bias. We have also created a D I taskforce and engaged an outside consultant to evaluate current practices and impressions and assist us in educating employees on aspects of diversity and inclusion about which they may not have been aware. 
 Safety 
 Employee safety is a top priority. We have developed policies to ensure the safety of each employee and compliance with Occupational Safety and Health Administration OSHA standards. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented measures to protect our employees and our customers consistent with OSHA standards and Centers for Disease Control and Prevention CDC guidelines such as temporary store closures, increased sanitization efforts at our stores, distribution centers and headquarters offices, limiting travel, physical distancing, adopting a mask policy for all customers and employees, and remote work arrangements for the majority of non-retail employees. 

INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 The following sets forth information regarding our executive officers, including their positions (ages as of June 28, 2023): 
 Name Age Position Michael P. Huseby 68 Chief Executive Officer and Director Michael C. Miller 51 Executive Vice President, Corporate Development Affairs, Chief Legal Officer, and Secretary Jonathan Shar 54 Executive Vice President, BNED Retail and President, Barnes Noble College Booksellers, LLC Seema C. Paul 59 Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer 
 Michael P. Huseby , age 68, serves as our Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors. He was a member of the Board of Directors of Barnes Noble from January 2014 and served as the Chief Executive Officer of Barnes Noble until the complete legal and structural separation of the Company from Barnes Noble on August 2, 2015. Mr. Huseby was elected to the Board of Directors of the Company and was appointed Executive Chairman effective August 2, 2015. Effective September 19, 2017, Mr. Huseby became Chief Executive Officer of the Company in addition to his role as Chairman of the Board of Directors. Mr. Huseby served as Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company from August 2, 2015 to June 25, 2022. Previously, Mr. Huseby was appointed President of Barnes Noble in July 2013, and Chief Financial Officer of Barnes Noble in March 2012. From 2004 to 2011, Mr. Huseby served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Cablevision Systems Corporation, a leading telecommunications and media company, which was acquired by the Altice Group in June 2016. He served on the Cablevision Systems Corporation Board of Directors in 2000 and 2001. Prior to 
 16 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 joining Cablevision, Mr. Huseby served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Charter Communications, Inc., a large cable operator in the United States. Mr. Huseby served on the Board of Directors of Charter Communications from May 2013 through May 2016. Mr. Huseby served as Executive Vice President, Finance and Administration, of AT T Broadband, a leading provider of cable television services from 1999 to 2002, when it was sold to Comcast Corporation. In addition, Mr. Huseby spent over 20 years at Arthur Andersen, LLP and Andersen Worldwide, S.C., where he held the position of Global Equity Partner serving a myriad of clients, including a number of large publicly-traded companies. Mr. Huseby served on the Board of Directors of CommerceHub, Inc., a cloud-based e-commerce fulfillment and marketing software platform company previously listed on Nasdaq, from July 2016 until May 2018 with his tenure ending upon the consummation of the sale of CommerceHub to financial sponsors. While on the Board of CommerceHub, Mr. Huseby served as chair of the Audit Committee and as a member of the Compensation Committee. 
 Michael C. Miller , age 51, serves as our Executive Vice President, Corporate Development Affairs, Chief Legal Officer, and Corporate Secretary. Previously, Mr. Miller served as Executive Vice President, Corporate Strategy and General Counsel. Mr. Miller joined Barnes Noble Education in April 2017. Before joining the Company, he served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Monster Worldwide, Inc. from December 2008 through December 2016, as Vice President and Deputy General Counsel from July 2008 to December 2008, and as Vice President and Associate General Counsel from October 2007 to July 2008. Prior to Monster, Mr. Miller was Senior Counsel for Motorola, Inc. from February 2007 to September 2007. From June 2002 to January 2007, he served in various capacities as Senior Corporate Counsel for Symbol Technologies, Inc. Prior to joining Symbol, Mr. Miller was associated with both Sullivan Cromwell, LLP and Winthrop, Stimson, Putnam Roberts in New York. 
 Jonathan Shar , age 54, has served as our Executive Vice President, BNED Retail and President, Barnes Noble College Booksellers, LLC since October 2021. Prior to that, he served as Executive Vice President, Retail. Mr. Shar has overall responsibility for the growth and profitability of the Company s Retail segment, including the development and implementation of client-focused solutions that deliver innovation and increased value to the higher education marketplace; and providing strategic direction and operational leadership across the Company s physical campus bookstores and e-commerce sites nationwide. Mr. Shar also leads strategy and execution for merchandising, marketing, and business development, serving the higher education and K-12 markets. Previously, Mr. Shar served as Senior Vice President, Revenue and Product Development for the Company. Prior to joining BNED in 2018, Mr. Shar was Chief Marketing Officer at Akademos, Inc., an e-commerce and digital marketing company that provides online bookstore services, from 2014 to 2018. He previously was the General Manager of NOOK Digital Content at Barnes Noble, Inc. where he oversaw business development, product development and marketing for the Global NOOK Newsstand, NOOK Video and NOOK Apps digital businesses. Prior to his nearly five years with NOOK, he served as Senior Vice President and General Manager at CNNMoney, responsible for the CNNMoney website and mobile franchise. Prior to that, he was Vice President of Consumer Marketing at Sports Illustrated Group and Director of Consumer Marketing for FORTUNE Magazine Group. 
 Seema C. Paul , age 59, has served as our Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer since July 2015. In this role she manages the external reporting, technical accounting, and corporate accounting functions of the Company. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Paul held positions of increasing responsibility at Covanta Holding Corporation, including Corporate Controller from July 2014 to July 2015, Senior Director-External Reporting Technical Accounting from June 2013 to July 2014, Director-External Reporting from January 2011 to May 2013 and Manager-External Reporting from August 2005 to December 2010. Ms. Paul is a Certified Public Accountant and has held various senior financial roles with several large companies, including Net2Phone, Sybase, Inc. and Liberty Mutual Insurance Company. 
 17 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 Item 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 The risks and uncertainties set forth below, as well as other risks and uncertainties described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K including in our consolidated financial statements and related notes and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations or in other filings by BNED with the SEC, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and the trading price of our common stock. Additional risks and uncertainties that are not currently known to us or that are not currently believed by us to be material may also harm our business operations and financial results. Because of the following risks and uncertainties, as well as other factors affecting our financial condition and operating results, past financial performance should not be considered to be a reliable indicator of future performance, and investors should not use historical trends to anticipate results or trends in future periods. 
 Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry 
 We are dependent upon access to the capital markets, bank credit facilities, and short-term vendor financing for liquidity needs. 
 We must have sufficient sources of liquidity to fund working capital requirements. The combination of cash-on-hand, cash flow received from operations, funds available under our credit agreements and short-term vendor financing must be sufficient to meet our normal working capital and debt service requirements for at least the next twelve months. If these sources of liquidity do not satisfy our requirements, we may not operate as a going concern and will need to seek additional financing. In addition, we may require additional capital in the future to sustain or grow our business, including implementation of our strategic initiatives. The future availability of financing will depend on a variety of factors, such as economic and market conditions, and the availability of credit. Additional financing may not be available to us on favorable terms when required or at all. Failure to secure adequate financing when required could lead to going concern issues, the consequences of which would have a severe negative impact upon our business. These factors could also materially adversely affect our costs of borrowing, and our financial position and results of operations would be adversely impacted. Volatility in global financial markets may also limit our ability to access the capital markets at a time when we would like, or need, to raise capital, which could have an impact on our ability to react to changing economic and business conditions. Accordingly, if the economy worsens, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity, equity-linked, or debt securities, those securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to the rights of our common stock, and our stockholders may experience substantial dilution. There can be no assurances that such financing can or will be obtained at any time in the future if needed. 
 In addition, as noted above, our liquidity is dependent in part on the availability of funds under our credit agreements. If we are not able to comply with the covenants under our credit agreements, we may need to seek consents, waivers and/or amendments to our credit agreements from our lenders to avoid an event of default thereunder. Although we have been successful in negotiating consents, waivers and /or amendments to our credit agreements, we may be unsuccessful in negotiating any further consents, waivers and/or amendments to any such agreements as we may deem necessary. Further, the terms of any such consents, waivers and /or amendments may be less favorable than the current terms of our credit agreements or may impose additional restrictions on the operations of our business. Under such circumstances, our business and liquidity could be materially and adversely affected. See Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. 
 We face significant competition for our products and services, and we expect such competition to increase. 
 We operate within a competitive and rapidly changing business environment, in general, and each of our lines of business faces competition for the products and services they offer. We face competition from other college bookstore operators and educational content providers, including Follett Corporation, a contract operator of campus bookstores; Textbook Brokers and Texas Book Company, bookstore management and operations providers; Slingshot; and BBA Solutions, a college textbook retailer. Our online/virtual course material store operations also face competition from eCampus, an online provider of course materials, and Akademos, a virtual bookstore and marketplace for academic institutions, and on occasion, Ambassador Educational Solutions. We also face competition from other third-party sellers and local bookstores, as well as direct-to-student platforms including, bn.com, the e-commerce platform of Barnes Noble, Inc.; Chegg.com, an online textbook rental company; publishers, including Cengage Learning, Pearson Education and McGraw-Hill Education, which bypass the traditional retail distribution channel by selling directly to students and institutions. We face competition from e-Textbook/digital content providers, VitalSource Technologies, Inc., and Red Shelf. Our wholesale business competes with Amazon, BBA Solutions, and Texas Book Company. Competitors that compete with our general merchandise offerings include Amazon, Sodexo and Aramark, online retailers, physical and online office supply stores and local and national retailers that offer college themed and other general merchandise. Students often purchase from multiple textbook providers, are highly price sensitive, and can easily shift spending from one provider or format to another. As a consequence, in addition to being competitive in the services we provide to our customers, our textbook business faces significant price competition. Some of our competitors have adopted, and may continue to adopt, aggressive pricing policies and devote substantial resources to marketing, website and 
 18 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 systems development. In addition, a variety of business models are being pursued for the provision of print and digital textbooks, some of which may be more profitable or successful than our business model, including our BNC First Day equitable and include access models. Furthermore, the market for course materials is diluted from counterfeiting and piracy of digital and print copies or illegal copies of selected chapters made by students or others; user-generated and faculty-created content; and sharing or non-purchase of required course materials by students. 
 We have encountered and will continue to encounter these risks and, if we do not manage them successfully, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially and adversely affected. 
 Our business depends on our ability to attract and retain talented employees, including senior management. 
 Management believes that our continued success will depend to a significant extent upon the efforts and abilities of certain of our executive officers and senior management, many of whom have significant experience and strong commercial relationships in our industry and capital market relationships. The loss of any of these individuals could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. We do not maintain key man life insurance on any of our officers or other employees. Experienced management and technical, marketing and support personnel in our industry are in high demand, and competition for their talents is intense. The COVID-19 pandemic and the measures taken to contain it has had a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, stock price, and liquidity, which has impacted our recruitment and retention of employees. 
 In addition, changes we make to our current and future work environments may not meet the needs or expectations of our employees or may be perceived as less favorable compared to other companies policies, which could negatively impact our ability to hire and retain qualified personnel. The loss of any of our executive officers or other key employees, the failure to successfully transition key roles, or the inability to hire, train, retain, and manage qualified personnel, could harm our business. 
 We also rely on a significant number of personnel to operate our stores, fulfillment network, and carry out our other operations. Failure to successfully hire, train, manage, and retain sufficient personnel to meet our needs can strain our operations, increase payroll and other costs, and harm our business and reputation. In addition, changes in laws and regulations applicable to employees, independent contractors, and temporary personnel could increase our payroll costs, decrease our operational flexibility, and negatively impact how we are able to staff our operations and supplement our workforce. 
 We are also subject to labor union efforts to organize groups of our employees from time to time. These organizational efforts, if successful, decrease our operational flexibility, which could adversely affect our operating efficiency. In addition, our response to any organizational efforts could be perceived negatively and harm our business and reputation. 
 We may not be able to enter into new managed bookstore contracts or successfully retain or renew our managed bookstore contracts on profitable terms. 
 An important part of our business strategy for our retail operation is to expand sales for our college bookstore operations by being awarded additional contracts to manage physical and/or virtual bookstores for colleges and universities, and K-12 schools, across the United States. Our ability to obtain those additional contracts is subject to a number of factors that we are not able to control. In addition, the anticipated strategic benefits of new and additional college and university bookstores may not be realized at all or may not be realized within the time frames contemplated by management. In particular for the operation of physical bookstores, contracts for additional managed stores may involve a number of special risks, including adverse short-term effects on operating results, diversion of management s attention and other resources, standardization of accounting systems, dependence on retaining, hiring and training key personnel, unanticipated problems or legal liabilities, and actions of our competitors and customers. Because certain terms of any contract are generally fixed for the initial term of the contract and involve judgments and estimates that may not be accurate, including for reasons outside of our control, we have contracts that are not profitable and may have such contracts in the future. The retail price charged to the consumer for textbooks is set by our contracts with colleges and universities to be a maximum markup based on the publishers costs and as colleges continue to focus on affordability those prices have been reduced, which has negatively impacted our revenue and margin and further reductions could continue to have a negative impact. 
 In addition, we may face significant competition in retaining existing physical and virtual store contracts and when renewing those contracts as they expire. Our physical bookstore contracts are typically for five years with renewal options, and most contracts are cancellable by either party without penalty with 90 to 120 days notice. Our virtual bookstore contracts are typically for three to five years, and most are cancellable without penalty with notice. Despite the lower startup and ongoing operating expense associated with virtual stores, the loss of such contracts could impact revenue and profitability. We may not be successful in retaining our current contracts, renewing our current contracts or renewing our current contracts on terms that provide us the opportunity to improve or maintain the profitability of managing stores that are the subject matter of such contracts. 
 19 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 We face the risk of disruption of supplier relationships. 
 The products that we sell originate from a wide variety of domestic and international vendors. During Fiscal 2023, our four largest retail suppliers, excluding our wholesale business which fulfills orders for all our physical and virtual bookstores, accounted for approximately 28 of our merchandise purchased, with the largest supplier accounting for approximately 8 of our merchandise purchased. Our wholesale business sources over 90 of its inventory from two primary channels, approximately 54 from third-party suppliers and approximately 38 from retail bookstores (including our retail bookstores). While we believe that our relationships with our suppliers are good, suppliers may modify the terms of these relationships due to general economic conditions or otherwise or, especially with respect to wholesale inventory, publishers could terminate distribution to wholesalers, including our wholesale business. 
 We do not have long-term arrangements with most of our suppliers to guarantee availability of merchandise, content or services, particular payment terms or the extension of credit limits. If our current suppliers were to stop selling merchandise, content or services to us on acceptable terms, including as a result of one or more supplier bankruptcies due to poor economic conditions or refusal by such suppliers to ship products to us due to delayed or extended payment windows as a result of our own liquidity constraints, we may be unable to procure the same merchandise, content or services from other suppliers in a timely and efficient manner and on acceptable terms, or at all. Furthermore, certain of our merchandise is sourced indirectly from outside the United States. Political or financial instability, merchandise quality issues, product safety concerns, trade restrictions, work stoppages, tariffs, foreign currency exchange rates, transportation capacity and costs, inflation, civil unrest, natural disasters, public health crises, epidemics, and pandemics, and other factors relating to foreign trade are beyond our control and could disrupt our supply of foreign-sourced merchandise. 
 We face the risk of fluctuating inventory supplies as a consequence of changes in the way publishers distribute course materials. 
 Our traditional retail and wholesale businesses are dependent on the continued supply of textbooks. The publishing industry generally has suffered recently due to, among other things, changing consumer preferences away from the print medium and the economic climate. A significant disruption in this industry generally or a significant unfavorable change in our relationships with key suppliers could adversely impact our business. In addition, any significant change in the terms that we have with our key suppliers, including purchase or rental terms, payment terms, return policies, the discount or margin on products or changes to the distribution model of textbooks, could adversely affect our financial condition and liquidity. For example, some textbook publishers have proposed to supply textbooks on consignment terms, instead of selling to us, which would eliminate those titles from the used textbook inventory supply. With respect to our wholesale business, the demand for used and new textbooks is typically greater than the available supply, and our wholesale business is highly dependent upon its ability to build its textbook inventory from publishers and suppliers in advance of the selling season. These publisher and supplier relationships are not generally governed by long-term contracts and publishers and suppliers could choose not to sell to us. Any negative impact on our ability to build our textbook inventory could have an adverse impact on financial results. 
 In response to changes in the market over the last few years, we have also significantly increased our textbook rental business, offering students a lower cost alternative to purchasing textbooks, which is also subject to certain inventory risks, such as textbooks not being resold or re-rented due to textbooks being returned late or in poor condition, faculty members not continuing to adopt or use certain textbooks, or, as discussed below, changes in the way publishers supply textbooks to us. 
 Some textbook publishers rent textbooks on consignment terms directly to students. Accordingly, we have entered into agreements with a number of textbook publishers to administer their consignment rental programs with distributors and their direct to student textbook consignment rental programs. These programs, if successful, will result in a substantial decrease in the supply of those titles from the used textbook inventory supply, which impacts our wholesale business. 
 Our wholesale business is a national distributor for rental textbooks offered through McGraw-Hill Educations consignment rental program (which includes approximately 1,016 titles) and Pearson Education s consignment rental program (which includes approximately 817 titles). Through its centrally located, advanced distribution center, our wholesale business offers the seamless integration of these consignment rental programs and centralized administration and distribution to approximately 1,576 stores, including our Retail Segment stores. These consignment rental programs are available to our wholesale customers, including institutionally run and contract-managed campus bookstores, as well as our physical and virtual bookstores. 
 In addition, the profit margins associated with the traditional distribution model are fairly predictable and constant, but the move to a model of increased consignment rental programs combined with pressure to provide more affordable course materials to students could result in lower profit margins for a substantial part of our wholesale and retail business. 
 20 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 Our wholesale business may not be able to manage its inventory levels effectively, which may lead to excess inventory or inventory obsolescence. 
 Our wholesale business sources new textbooks from publishers and new and used textbooks from other suppliers to resell to its customers. If it is unable to appropriately manage its inventory and anticipate the release of new editions of titles, faculty s change in choice of titles, return rate, or use of alternative educational material, our wholesale business could be exposed to risks of excess inventory and less marketable or obsolete inventory. This may lead to excess or obsolete inventory that might have to be sold at a deep discount, which may impact its revenues and profit margin and may have a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Shipping is a critical part of our business and changes in, or disruptions to, our shipping arrangements have in the past and may in the future adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We rely on a limited number of shipping companies to deliver inventory to us and completed orders to our customers. An inability to negotiate acceptable terms with these companies or performance problems, staffing limitations, union strikes, or other difficulties experienced by these companies or by our own transportation systems, including as a result of labor market constraints and related costs, could negatively impact our operating results and customer experience. In addition, our ability to receive inbound inventory efficiently and ship completed orders to customers also may be negatively affected by natural or human-caused disasters (including public health crises) or extreme weather (including as a result of climate change), geopolitical events and security issues, labor or trade disputes, and similar events. 
 We currently rely on a limited number of third-party global providers to deliver inventory to us and completed orders to our customer. If we are not able to negotiate acceptable pricing and other terms with these providers, or if these providers experience performance problems or other difficulties in processing our orders or delivering our products to customers, it could negatively impact our results of operations and our customers experience. Furthermore, changes to the terms of our shipping arrangements or the imposition of surcharges or surge pricing have in the past and may in the future adversely impact our margins and profitability. We have from time to time experienced increased shipping costs as a result, and these costs may continue to increase in the future. We may not be able to or choose to pass such increases on to our customers in the future. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic or any future pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease may also continue to adversely affect workforces and supply chains globally, potentially impacting the operations of our third-party shipping providers, which could negatively impact our business and results of operations. 
 Our ability to receive inbound inventory efficiently and ship merchandise to customers, including at costs to which we are accustomed, may also be negatively affected by other factors beyond our and/or these providers control, including pandemic, weather, fire, flood, power loss, earthquakes, acts of war, or terrorism or other events specifically impacting other shipping partners, such as labor disputes or shortages, financial difficulties, system failures and other disruptions to the operations of the shipping companies on which we rely. For example, a strike by employees of any of our third-party global providers or a port worker strike, work slow-down or other transportation disruption could significantly disrupt our business. We have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, shipping delays for reasons outside of our control. 
 Our business is dependent on the overall economic environment, college enrollment and consumer spending patterns. 
 A deterioration of the current economic environment could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results, as well as our ability to fund our growth and strategic business initiatives. Our business is affected by funding levels at colleges and universities and by changes in enrollments at colleges and universities, changes in student enrollments and lower spending on course materials and general merchandise. The growth of our business depends on our ability to attract new students and to increase the level of engagement by current student customers. To the extent we are unable to attract new students or students spend less generally, our business could be adversely affected. 
 Our business is seasonal. 
 Our business is seasonal, particularly with respect to textbook sales and rentals, with sales and rentals attributable to our retail businesses generally highest in the second and third fiscal quarters, when college students generally purchase textbooks for the upcoming semesters, and lowest in the first and fourth fiscal quarters. Sales attributable to our wholesale business are generally highest in our first, second and third quarter as it sells textbooks for retail distribution. 
 Given the growth of our BNC First Day programs, the timing of cash collection from our school partners may shift to periods subsequent to when the revenue is recognized. When a school adopts our BNC First Day equitable and inclusive access offerings, cash collection from the school generally occurs after the student drop/add dates, which is later in the working capital cycle, particularly in our third quarter given the timing of the Spring Term and our quarterly reporting period, as compared to direct-to-student point-of-sale transactions where cash is generally collected during the point-of-sale transaction or within a few days from the credit card processor. As a higher percentage of our sales shift to BNC First Day equitable and inclusive access offerings, we are focused on efforts to better align the timing of our cash outflows to course material vendors with cash inflows collected from schools, including modifying payment terms in existing and future school contracts. 
 21 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 For both retail and wholesale, cash flows from operating activities are typically a use of cash in the fourth fiscal quarter, when sales volumes are materially lower than the other quarters. Our quarterly cash flows also may fluctuate depending on the timing of the start of the various school s semesters, as well as shifts in our fiscal calendar dates. These shifts in timing may affect the comparability of our results across periods. Less than satisfactory net sales during our peak fiscal quarters could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or operating results for the year, and our results of operations from those quarters may not be sufficient to cover any losses that may be incurred in the other fiscal quarters of the year. 
 Our international operations could result in additional risks. 
 Our operations are substantially limited to the United States; however, we have operations in India, offer services and products to students and other customers internationally, contract with service providers outside the United States and may continue to expand internationally in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. Such international expansion may result in additional risks that are not present domestically and could adversely affect our business or our results of operations, including compliance with additional United States laws and regulations and those of other nations applicable to international operations; cultural and language differences; currency fluctuations between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies, which are harder to predict in the current adverse global economic climate; restrictions on the repatriation of earnings; potentially adverse tax consequences and limitations on our ability to utilize losses generated in our foreign operations; different legal and regulatory requirements and other barriers to conducting business; and different or less stable political and economic environments. Further, conducting business abroad subjects us to increased legal and regulatory compliance and oversight. For example, in connection with our international operations, we are subject to laws prohibiting certain payments to governmental officials, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. A failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could result in regulatory enforcement actions, as well as substantial civil and criminal penalties assessed against us and our employees. 
 The impact of public health crises, epidemics, and pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, stock price, and liquidity. 
 Our business, results of operations and financial condition were adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic in Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2022. The COVID-19 pandemic, and measures taken to contain it, have subjected our business, results of operations, financial condition, stock price and liquidity to a number of material risks and uncertainties. 
 Public health crises, epidemics, and pandemics, such as COVID-19, related governmental reactions and economic conditions may have a negative impact on our business, liquidity, results of operations, and stock price due to the occurrence of some, or all, of the following events or circumstances: 
 the closing or limited operations of our campus retail stores; 
 reductions in government funding of education could negatively impact the budgets of public educational institutions and K-12 schools, which could impact the demand for our products and services; 
 our inability to realize our expected return on textbooks in our print textbook library as educators transition to online curriculums and the lack of supply of used textbooks as a result of limited on-campus buyback opportunities; 
 disruptions to the operations of our logistics and distribution partners, which could impact our ability to timely deliver our print textbooks to students; 
 our partners inability to fill our textbook or general merchandise orders due to disruptions to their operations, supply chains or overwhelming demand from their own customers; 
 system interruptions that slow our website or make our website unavailable as our third-party software and service providers experience increased usage; 
 a significant reduction in U.S. economic activity and increased unemployment, which could lead to decreased enrollment and consumer spending; 
 the potential negative impact on the health of our employees, particularly if a significant number of them are impacted, could affect our ability to ensure business continuity during the period of disruption related to the pandemic; and 
 governmental orders have forced many of our on-site and management office employees to work remotely, which may adversely impact our ability to effectively manage our business and maintain our financial reporting processes and related controls, as well as introduce operational risk, including an increased vulnerability to potential cyber security attacks. 
 22 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 Risks relating to our Strategic Plan 
 Our results also depend on the successful implementation of our strategic initiatives, including implementation of our BNC First Day equitable and inclusive access course material models. We may not be able to implement this strategy successfully, on a timely basis, or at all. 
 In response to our changing business environment and to adapt to industry trends, we are focused on offering course materials sales through our equitable and inclusive access First Day Complete and First Day models to meet the market demands of reducing costs to students and contribute to improved student outcomes, while increasing our market share, revenue and relative gross profits of course materials sales given the higher volumes of units sold in such models as compared to historical sales models that rely on individual student marketing and sales. These programs have allowed us to reverse historical long-term trends in course materials revenue declines, which have been observed at those schools where such programs have been adopted. We are moving quickly and decisively to accelerate our First Day Complete strategy. While we plan to move many institutions to First Day Complete in Fiscal 2024 and the majority of our campus stores in Fiscal 2025, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to achieve these plans within these timeframes or at all. While we believe we have the capital resources, experience, management resources and internal systems to successfully implement our BNC First Day equitable and inclusive access models across our client portfolio, we may not be successful in implementing this strategy. The implementation of this strategy is a complex process and relies on leveraging our services and relationships to help accelerate the adoption of our First Day Complete strategy. The success of our future operating results will be dependent upon rapid customer adoption of BNC First Day equitable and inclusive access models and our ability to scale our business to meet customer demand appropriately. If colleges and universities, faculty and students are not receptive to our BNC First Day equitable and inclusive access models or these models do not meet the expectations of these constituencies, there could be a negative impact on the implementation of our strategy. To successfully execute on this strategy, we need to continue to further evolve the focus of our organization towards the delivery of cost effective and unique solutions for our customers. Any failure to successfully execute this strategy could adversely affect our operating results. 
 Part of our strategy includes the successful execution of strategic acquisitions and partnerships, including our strategic partnership with VitalSource Technologies, Inc. VST and the F/L Partnership which may not be successful. 
 As part of our strategy, we will continue to seek, and may, in the future acquire, businesses or business operations, or enter into other business transactions to grow our business and expand our product and service offerings. We may not be able to identify suitable candidates for additional business combinations and strategic investments, obtain financing on acceptable terms for such transactions, obtain necessary regulatory approvals, if any, or otherwise consummate such transactions on acceptable terms, or at all. In addition, we compete for acquisitions with other potential acquirers, some of which may have greater financial or operational resources than we do. Any strategic acquisitions or investments that we are able to identify and complete may also involve a number of risks, including our inability to successfully or profitably integrate, operate, maintain and manage our newly acquired operations or employees; the diversion of our management s attention from our existing business to integrate operations and personnel; possible material adverse effects on our results of operations during the integration process; becoming subject to contingent or other liabilities, including liabilities arising from events or conduct predating the acquisition that were not known to us at the time of the acquisition; and our possible inability to achieve the intended objectives of the transaction, including the inability to achieve cost savings and synergies. Acquisitions may also have unanticipated tax, legal, regulatory and accounting ramifications, including recording goodwill and non-amortizable intangible assets that are subject to impairment testing on a regular basis and potential periodic impairment charges and incurring amortization expenses related to certain intangible assets. 
 A strategic partnership between two independent businesses is a complex, costly, and time-consuming process that will require significant management attention and resources. Realizing the benefits of our strategic partnerships, particularly our relationship with VST and the F/L Partnership, will depend in part on our ability to work with our strategic partners to integrate our systems, simplify the customer experience, offer compelling solutions to our customers, and maintain financially beneficial terms. Setting up and maintaining the operations and processes of these strategic partnerships may cause us to incur significant costs, disrupt our business and, if implemented ineffectively, would limit the expected benefits to us. The failure to successfully and timely implement and operate our strategic partnerships could harm our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of these partnerships and could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 We intend to offer new products and solutions to students to grow our business. If our efforts are not successful, our business and financial results would be adversely affected. 
 In the future, we may invest in new products and services and other initiatives to generate revenues, but there is no guarantee these approaches will be successful. Acquisitions of new companies, products and services create integration risk, while development of new products and services and enhancements to existing products and services involve significant time, labor and expense, and are also subject to risks and challenges, including managing the length of the development cycle, entry into new markets, integration into our existing business, legal and regulatory compliance, evolution in sales and marketing 
 23 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 methods, and maintenance and protection of intellectual property and proprietary rights. If we are not successful with our new products and services, we may not be able to maintain or increase our revenues as anticipated or recover any associated acquisition or development costs, and our financial results could be adversely affected. 
 Risks relating to Data Privacy, Information Technology and Cybersecurity 
 We face potential data privacy and information security risks with respect to unencrypted, non-deidentified personal information. 
 Our business involves the receipt, storage, processing and transmission of personal information about customers and employees. In accordance with our published privacy policies, we may share non-deidentified personal information about such persons between our affiliates and with vendors and third parties that assist with certain aspects of our business pursuant to written agreements. Also, in connection with our student financial aid platform and the processing of college and university debit cards, we have access to certain student personal information that has been provided to us by the colleges and universities we serve. Our handling and use of personal information is subject to applicable federal and state privacy and information security laws and regulations and industry standards, such as the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard. As an entity that provides services to institutions of higher education, we are contractually bound to handle certain personal information from student education records in accordance with the requirements of Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act FERPA ). Privacy and information security laws, regulations, and applicable industry standards are evolving rapidly, and our on-going compliance with them may result in cost increases due to necessary systems changes and the development of new processes, which may be difficult to timely implement. If we fail to materially comply with these applicable laws, regulations and industry standards, we could be subject to increased legal risk. In addition, even if we materially comply with all applicable laws, regulations and industry standards, and even though we have taken significant steps to protect non-deidentified personal information, e.g., encrypting such personal information in transit and at rest, we could experience a data security breach, and our reputation could be damaged, possibly resulting in a material breach of contract with one or more of our clients, litigation, and/or lost future sales or decreased usage of credit and debit card products. Further, in the event that we disclose unencrypted, non-deidentified student information in violation of our contractual FERPA obligations, the U.S. Department of Education could require a client to suspend our access to their student information. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. A party that is able to circumvent our security measures could misappropriate our proprietary information or our customers' and employees' personal information, and cause interruption in our operations. Any compromise of our data security could result in a violation of applicable laws, regulations or industry standards, significant legal and financial exposure beyond the scope or limits of insurance coverage, increased operating costs associated with remediation, equipment acquisitions or disposal, and added personnel, and a loss of confidence in our security measures, which could harm our business or affect investor confidence. Data security breaches may also result from non-malicious and non-technical means (for example, inadvertent actions by an employee). 
 Our business is subject to a variety of domestic and international laws, rules, policies and other obligations regarding data protection. 
 Although most of our operations are in the United States, we do have some operations and offer some services and products internationally. Our international operations subject us to a complex array of international laws and regulations relating to the collection, use, retention, disclosure, security and transfer of personally identifiable information. Many jurisdictions have passed laws in this area, and other jurisdictions are considering imposing additional restrictions. The interpretation and application of data protection laws in the United States and elsewhere are rapidly evolving. It is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our current data practices. Complying with applicable international laws and regulations could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business. 
 Further, although we continue to implement internal controls and procedures designed to protect our proprietary and confidential information, and non-deidentified customer and employee personal data, including sensitive personal data, in order to comply with privacy and information security laws, and regulations, our facilities, and systems may be vulnerable to security breaches and other data loss, including cyber-attacks. Such a security breach or data loss could lead to negative publicity, damage to our reputation, exposure to litigation and liability, theft, modification or destruction of proprietary information and personal data, damage to or inaccessibility of critical systems, manufacture of defective products, production downtimes, operational disruptions and remediation and other significant costs, which could adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and results of operations. 
 24 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 Computer malware, viruses, hacking and phishing attacks could harm our business and results of operations. 
 We are increasingly dependent upon information technology systems, infrastructure and data. Our computer systems may be vulnerable to service interruption or destruction, malicious intrusion, ransomware and cyber-attacks. Cyber-attacks are increasing in their frequency, sophistication and intensity, and have become increasingly difficult to detect. Cyber-attacks could include the deployment of harmful malware, denial-of service, social engineering, ransomware and other means to affect service reliability and threaten data confidentiality, integrity and availability. Our key business partners face similar risks, and a security breach of their systems could adversely affect our security posture. While we continue to invest in data protection and information security technology to prevent or minimize these risks and, to date, we have not experienced any material service interruptions and are not aware of any material breaches, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent service interruptions, or identify breaches in our systems, that could adversely affect our business and operations and/or result in the loss of critical or sensitive information, which could result in financial, legal, business or reputational harm. 
 Defects, errors, installation difficulties or performance issues with our point-of-sales and other systems could expose us to potential liability, harm our reputation and negatively impact our business. 
 Our wholesale business sells and services point-of-sales systems to its college bookstore customers. These systems are complex and incorporate third-party hardware and software. Despite testing and quality control, we cannot be certain that defects or errors will not be found in these systems. In addition, because these systems are installed in different environments, we may experience difficulty or delay in installation. Our products may be integrated with other components or software, and, in the event that there are defects or errors, it may be difficult to determine the origin of defects or errors. Additionally, any difficulty or failure in the operation of these systems could cause business disruption for our customers. If any of these risks materialize, they could result in additional costs and expenses, exposure to liability claims, diversion of technical and other resources to engage in remediation efforts, loss of customers or negative publicity, each of which could impact our business and operating results. 
 We rely upon third party web service providers to operate certain aspects of our service, and any disruption of or interference with such services would impact our operations and our business would be materially and adversely impacted. 
 Amazon Web Services AWS and other third-party web service providers provide a distributed computing infrastructure platform for business operations, or what is commonly referred to as a cloud computing service. We have architected our software and computer systems so as to utilize data processing, storage capabilities, and other services provided by AWS and other providers. 
 We rely on third-party software and service providers, including AWS, to provide systems, storage and services, including user log in authentication, for our website. Any technical problem with, cyber-attack on, or loss of access to such third parties systems, servers or technologies could result in the inability of our students to rent or purchase print textbooks, interfere with access to our digital content and other online products and services or result in the theft of end-user personal information. 
 Our reliance on AWS or other third-party providers makes us vulnerable to any errors, interruptions, or delays in their operations. Any disruption in the services provided by AWS could harm our reputation or brand, adversely impact consumers, and/or cause us to lose revenues or incur substantial recovery costs and distract management from operating our business. 
 Any disruption of or interference with our use of AWS or other third-party service providers would impact our operations and our business would be materially and adversely impacted. 
 AWS may terminate its agreement with us upon 30 days' notice. Upon expiration or termination of our agreement with AWS, we may not be able to replace the services provided to us in a timely manner or on terms and conditions, including service levels and cost, that are favorable to us, and a transition from one vendor to another vendor could subject us to operational delays and inefficiencies until the transition is complete. 
 
 Risks relating to Applicable Laws and Regulations 
 Laws and regulations have been and may be enacted in the future that restrict or prohibit use of emails or similar marketing activities that we currently rely on. 
 Our marketing and sales efforts are centered around an active digital community, which includes engaged email subscribers, text messaging, interest-based online advertising, recurring billing and our continuous dialogue with customers on our school-customized social media channels. For example, the following laws and regulations may apply: 
 the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 and similar laws adopted by most U.S. states pertaining directly or indirectly to commercial email regulate unsolicited commercial emails, create civil and criminal penalties for emails containing fraudulent headers and control other abusive online marketing practices; 
 25 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (the FTC has guidelines that impose responsibilities on companies with respect to communications with consumers and impose fines and liability for failure to comply with rules with respect to advertising or marketing or sales practices they may deem misleading or deceptive; 
 the Telephone Consumer Protection Act of 1991 TCPA restricts telemarketing and the use of automated telephone equipment. The TCPA limits the use of automatic dialing systems, artificial or prerecorded voice messages and SMS text messages. It also applies to unsolicited text messages advertising the commercial availability of goods or services. Additionally, a number of states have enacted statutes that address telemarketing. For example, some states, such as California, Illinois and New York, have created do-not-call lists. Other states, such as Oregon and Washington, have enacted no rebuttal statutes that require the telemarketer to end the call when the consumer indicates that he or she is not interested in the product being sold. Restrictions on telephone marketing, including calls and text messages, are enforced by the FTC, the Federal Communications Commission, states and through the availability of statutory damages and class action lawsuits for violations of the TCPA; 
 The Restore Online Shopper Confidence Act ROSCA ), and similar state laws, impose requirements and restrictions on online services that automatically charge payment cards on a periodic basis to renew a subscription service, if the consumer does not cancel the service; 
 The California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA became effective on January 1, 2020, with enforcement commencing on July 1, 2020. CCPA, as amended, provides California consumers the right to know what personal data companies collect, how it is used, and the right to access, delete and opt out of sale of their personal information to third parties. It also expands the definition of personal information and gives consumers increased privacy rights and protections for that information. The California Privacy Rights Act CPRA took effect on December 16, 2020, and became fully operative on January 1, 2023. CPRA amends and adds to CCPA by strengthening rights of California consumers, further restricting business use of consumer personal information, and establishing a new government agency for enforcement; 
 The Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act VCDPA ), similar in scope to CCPA, went into effect on January 1, 2023. VCDPA is the second U.S. state-level consumer privacy law after CCPA, but unlike California, will not apply to employees and business contacts, nor provide for a private right of action. VCDPA also defines the sale of personal information narrowly, including only exchanges for monetary consideration; 
 Colorado is the third state to enact a comprehensive data privacy statute, the Colorado Privacy Act CPA ). CPA takes effect on July 1, 2023. Although similar in scope to VCDPA, CPA defines sale of personal information in the same manner as CCPA, which includes any exchange for monetary or any other valuable consideration; 
 The Connecticut Data Privacy Act CTDPA also takes effect July 1, 2023. CTDPA protects a Connecticut consumer acting in an individual or household context, but does not protect an individual acting in an employment context. 
 The Utah Consumer Privacy Act UCPA adopts the VCDPA s definition of sale of personal information. UCPA goes into effect on December 31, 2023; 
 On March 29, 2023, Iowa became the sixth state to pass a comprehensive consumer privacy law, joining Utah, Connecticut, Colorado, Virginia and California. The Iowa Consumer Data Protection Act will go into effect on January 1, 2025; 
 On May 1, 2023, Indiana became the seventh state to pass similar data privacy legislation, the Indiana Data Privacy Law, which will become effective January 1, 2026. 
 The Tennessee Information Protection Act, enacted on May 11, 2023, will go into effect on July 1, 2024. 
 On May 19, 2023, Montana became the ninth state to enact comprehensive consumer privacy law, the Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act, which goes into effect October 1, 2024. 
 Even if no applicable laws or regulations are further enacted, we may discontinue use or support of these activities if we become concerned that students or potential students deem them intrusive or they otherwise adversely affect our goodwill and brand. If our marketing activities are curtailed, our ability to attract new customers may be adversely affected. 
 Our business could be impacted by changes in federal, state, local or international laws, rules or regulations. 
 We are subject to laws and regulations applicable to our business. These laws and regulations may cover taxation, data privacy, information security, our access to student financial aid, pricing and availability of educational materials, competition and/or antitrust, content, copyrights, distribution, college distribution, mobile communications, electronic contracts and other communications, consumer protection, the provision of online payment services, unencumbered Internet access to our services, the design and operation of websites and mobile application (including complying with the Americans with Disabilities Act), digital content (including governmental investigations and litigation relating to the agency pricing model for digital content distribution), the characteristics and quality of products and services and labor and employee benefits (including the costs 
 26 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 associated with complying with the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act or any legislation enacted in connection with repeal of the Affordable Care Act). Changes in applicable federal, state, local or international laws, rules or regulations relating to these matters could increase regulatory compliance requirements in addition to increasing our costs of doing business or otherwise impact our business. For example, changes in federal and state minimum wage laws could raise the wage requirements for certain of our employees at our retail locations, which would increase our selling costs and may cause us to reexamine our wage structure for such employees. 
 Changes in tax laws and regulations might adversely impact our businesses or financial performance. 
 We collected sales tax on the majority of the products and services that we sold in our respective prior fiscal years that were subject to sales tax, and we generally have continued the same policies for sales tax within the current fiscal year. While management believes that the financial statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-K reflect management s best current estimate of any potential additional sales tax liability based on current discussions with taxing authorities, we cannot assure you that the outcome of any discussions with any taxing authority will not result in the payment of sales taxes for prior periods or otherwise, or that the amount of any such payments will not be materially in excess of any liability currently recorded. In the future, our businesses may be subject to claims for not collecting sales tax on the products and services we currently sell for which sales tax is not collected. In addition, our provision for income taxes and our obligation to pay income tax is based on existing federal, state and local tax laws. Changes to these laws, in particular as they relate to depreciation, amortization and cost of goods sold, could have a significant impact on our income tax provision, our projected cash tax liability, or both. 
 Risks relating to Intellectual Property 
 We rely on third-party digital content and applications, which may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 
 We contract with certain third parties to offer their digital content. Our licensing arrangements with these third parties do not guarantee the continuation or renewal of these arrangements on reasonable terms, if at all. Some third-party content providers currently, or in the future, may offer competing products and services, and could take action to make it more difficult or impossible for us to license our content in the future. Other content owners, providers or distributors may seek to limit our access to, or increase the total cost of, such content. If we are unable to offer a wide variety of content at reasonable prices with acceptable usage rules, our business may be materially adversely affected. 
 We rely heavily on proprietary technology and sophisticated equipment to manage certain aspects of our business, including to manage textbook inventory, process deliveries and returns of the textbooks and manage warehousing and distribution. 
 We use a proprietary system to source, distribute and manage inventory of textbooks and to manage other aspects of our operations, including systems to consider the market pricing for textbooks, general availability of textbook titles and other factors to determine how to buy textbooks and set prices for textbooks and other content in real time. We have invested significant amounts of resources in the hardware and software to develop this system. We rely on the expertise of our engineering and software development teams to maintain and enhance the equipment and software used for our distribution operations. We cannot be sure that the maintenance and enhancements we make to our distribution operations will achieve the intended results or otherwise be of value to students. If we are unable to maintain and enhance our technology to manage textbook sourcing, distribution and inventory, it could disrupt our business operations and have a material adverse impact on our results. 
 Our wholesale business is also dependent on sophisticated equipment and related software technology for the warehousing and distribution of the vast majority of textbooks supplied to our retail business and others, which is located at MBS warehouse facility in Columbia, Missouri. Our ability to efficiently manage our wholesale business depends significantly on the reliability and capacity of these systems. The failure of these systems to operate effectively, problems with maintenance, upgrading or transitioning to replacement systems, especially if such events were to occur during peak periods, could adversely affect our operations, the ability to serve our customers and our results of operations. In addition, substantially all of our wholesale inventory is located in the Columbia warehouse facility. We could experience significant interruption in the operation of this facility or damage or destruction of our inventory due to physical damage to the facility caused by natural disasters, accidents or otherwise. If a material portion of our inventory were to be damaged or destroyed, we would likely incur significant financial loss, including loss of revenue and harm to our customer relationships. 
 We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property rights or may be accused of infringing upon intellectual property rights of third parties. 
 We regard our trademarks, service marks, copyrights, patents, trade dress, trade secrets, proprietary technology and similar intellectual property as important to our success, and we rely on trademark, copyright and patent law, domain name regulations, trade secret protection and confidentiality or license agreements to protect our proprietary rights, including our use of the Barnes Noble trademark. Laws and regulations may not adequately protect our trademarks and similar proprietary rights. We 
 27 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 may be unable to prevent third parties from acquiring domain names that are similar to, infringe upon or diminish the value of our trademarks and other proprietary or licensed rights. 
 We may not be able to discover or determine the extent of any unauthorized use of our proprietary rights. The protection of our intellectual property may require the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources. Moreover, the steps we take to protect our intellectual property may not adequately protect our rights or prevent third parties from infringing or misappropriating our proprietary rights. We also cannot be certain that others will not independently develop or otherwise acquire equivalent or superior technology or other intellectual property rights. 
 Other parties also may claim that we infringe their proprietary rights. Because of the changes in Internet commerce and digital content businesses, current extensive patent coverage, and the rapid rate of issuance of new patents, it is possible that certain of our products, content and business methods may unknowingly infringe existing patents or intellectual property rights of others. Successful intellectual property infringement claims against us could result in monetary liability or a material disruption in the conduct of our business. We cannot be certain that our products, content and business methods do not or will not infringe valid patents, trademarks, copyrights or other intellectual property rights held by third parties. We expect that infringement claims in our markets will increase in number. We may be subject to legal proceedings and claims from time to time relating to the intellectual property of others in the ordinary course of our business. If we were found to have infringed the intellectual property rights of a third party, we could be liable to that party for license fees, royalty payments, lost profits or other damages, and the owner of the intellectual property might be able to obtain injunctive relief to prevent us from using the technology or software in the future. If the amounts of these payments were significant or we were prevented from incorporating certain technology or software into our products, our business could be significantly harmed. 
 We may incur substantial expenses in defending against these third-party infringement claims, regardless of their merit. As a result, due to the diversion of management time, the expense required to defend against any claim and the potential liability associated with any lawsuit, any significant litigation could significantly harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our digital content offerings depend in part on effective digital rights management technology to control access to digital content. If the digital rights management technology that we use is compromised or otherwise malfunctions, we could be subject to claims, and content providers may be unwilling to include their content in our service. 
 In addition, the publishing industry has been, and we expect in the future will continue to be, the target of counterfeiting and piracy. We have entered into agreements with major textbook publishers to implement the textbook industry s Anti-Counterfeit Best Practices. These best practices were developed as a mechanism to assist publishers and distributors in the eradication of counterfeit copies of textbooks in the marketplace. While we have agreed to implement the Anti-Counterfeit Best Practices and have in place our anti-counterfeit policies and procedures (which include removing from distribution suspected counterfeit titles) for preventing the proliferation of counterfeit textbooks, we may inadvertently purchase counterfeit textbooks, which may unknowingly be included in the textbooks we offer for sale or rent to students or we may purchase such textbooks through our buyback program. As such, we may be subject to allegations of selling counterfeit books. We have in the past and may continue to receive communications from publishers alleging that certain textbooks sold or rented by us are counterfeit. When receiving such communications, we cooperate, and will continue to cooperate in the future, with such publishers in identifying fraudulent textbooks and removing them from our inventory. We may implement measures in an effort to protect against these potential liabilities that could require us to spend substantial resources. Any costs incurred as a result of liability or asserted liability relating to sales of counterfeit textbooks could harm our business, reputation and financial condition. 
 We do not own the Barnes Noble trademark and instead rely on a license of that trademark and certain other trademarks, which license imposes limits on what those trademarks can be used to do. 
 In connection with the Spin-Off, Barnes Noble, Inc. granted us an exclusive, perpetual, fully paid up, non-transferable and non-assignable license to use the trademarks Barnes Noble College, B N College, Barnes Noble Education and B N Education and the non-exclusive, perpetual, fully paid up, non-transferable and non-assignable license to use the marks Barnes Noble, B N and BN, solely in connection with the contract management of college and university bookstores and other bookstores associated with academic institutions and related websites, as well as education products and services (including digital education products and services) and related websites. These restrictions may materially limit our ability to use the licensed marks in the expansion of our operations in the future. In addition, we are reliant on Barnes Noble, Inc. to maintain the licensed trademarks. 
 28 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 Risks Relating to our Common Stock and the Securities Market 
 Our stock price may fluctuate significantly. 
 We cannot predict the prices at which our Common Stock may trade. The market price of our Common Stock may fluctuate widely, depending on many factors, some of which may be beyond our control, including: 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results due to factors related to our businesses; 
 success or failure of our business strategies, including our digital education initiative; 
 our quarterly or annual earnings or those of other companies in our industries; 
 our ability to obtain financing as needed, when needed, and on favorable terms; 
 the terms of any financing through the issuance of additional equity or equity-linked securities; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions or dispositions; 
 changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; 
 the failure of securities analysts to cover our Common Stock; 
 changes in earnings estimates by securities analysts or our ability to meet those estimates; 
 the operating and stock price performance of other comparable companies; 
 investor perception of our Company and the higher education industry; 
 overall market fluctuations; 
 results from any material litigation or government investigation; 
 changes in laws and regulations (including tax laws and regulations) affecting our business; 
 changes in capital gains taxes and taxes on dividends affecting stockholders; and 
 general economic conditions and other external factors. 
 Stock markets in general have experienced volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of a particular company. These broad market fluctuations could adversely affect the trading price of our Common Stock. 
 Provisions in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated By-laws and of Delaware law may prevent or delay an acquisition of the Company, which could affect the trading price of our Common Stock. 
 Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and our Amended and Restated By-laws contain provisions which, together with applicable Delaware law, may discourage, delay or prevent a merger or acquisition that our stockholders consider favorable, including provisions that: 
 authorize the issuance of blank check preferred stock that could be issued by our Board of Directors to increase the number of outstanding shares of capital stock, making a takeover more difficult and expensive; 
 provide special meetings of the stockholders may be called only by or at the direction of a majority of our Board or the chairman of our Board of Directors; and 
 require advance notice to be given by stockholders for any stockholder proposals or director nominations. 
 In addition, Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, or the DGCL, may affect the ability of an interested stockholder to engage in certain business combinations, for a period of three years following the time that the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder . 
 These provisions may discourage, delay or prevent certain types of transactions involving an actual or a threatened acquisition or change in control of the Company, including unsolicited takeover attempts, even though the transaction may offer our stockholders the opportunity to sell their Common Stock at a price above the prevailing market price. 
 Our Amended and Restated By-laws designate courts in the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 
 Our Amended and Restated By-laws provide that, subject to limited exceptions, the state and federal courts of the State of Delaware are the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders, (c) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or our Amended and Restated By-laws or (d) any other action asserting a claim that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of our capital stock will be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to these provisions. This provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and employees. 
 29 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our Amended and Restated By-laws inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions. 
 
 Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. PROPERTIES 
 Facilities 
 We lease various office space in New Jersey, New York, Missouri, California, and India and we lease warehouse space in Missouri. 
 For our physical campus retail operations, we typically have the exclusive right to operate the official physical school bookstore on college campuses through multi-year management service agreements with our schools. In turn, we pay the school a percentage of store sales and, in some cases, a minimum fixed guarantee. These contracts with colleges and universities are typically five years with renewal options, but can range from one to 15 years, and are typically cancellable by either party without penalty with 90 to 120 days' notice. 
 As of April 29, 2023, these contracts for the physical stores that we operate expire as follows: 
 Contract Terms to Expire During (12 months ending on or about April 30) Number of Physical Campus Stores 2024 92 2025 67 2026 69 2027 74 2028 58 2029 and later 414 

Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 We are involved in a variety of claims, suits, investigations and proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of our business, including actions with respect to contracts, intellectual property, taxation, employment, benefits, personal injuries and other matters. We record a liability when we believe that it is both probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. Based on our current knowledge, we do not believe that there is a reasonable possibility that the final outcome of any pending or threatened legal proceedings to which we or any of our subsidiaries are a party, either individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on our future financial results. However, legal matters are inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. As such, there can be no assurance that the final outcome of these matters will not materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 30 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Our authorized capital stock consists of 200,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share. Our common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the symbol BNED. 
 We have reserved an aggregate of 13,409,345 shares of common stock for future grants in accordance with the Barnes Noble Education Inc. Equity Incentive Plan . See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 12. Long-Term Incentive Compensation Expense . 
 Repurchase of Shares 
 On December 14, 2015, our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program of up to 50 million, in the aggregate, of our outstanding common stock. The stock repurchase program is carried out at the direction of management (which may include a plan under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). The stock repurchase program may be suspended, terminated, or modified at any time. Any repurchased shares will be held as treasury stock and will be available for general corporate purposes. During Fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, we did not repurchase shares under the stock repurchase program. As of April 29, 2023, approximately 26.7 million remains available under the stock repurchase program. 
 During the years ended April 29, 2023, April 30, 2022, and May 1, 2021, we also repurchased 347,808 shares, 239,751 shares, and 414,174 shares, respectively, of our common stock in connection with employee tax withholding obligations for vested stock awards. 
 Dividends 
 We paid no other dividends to common stockholders during the years ended April 29, 2023, April 30, 2022, and May 1, 2021. We do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future and dividend payments are not permitted under current or future financing arrangements. 
 
 31 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 Item 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 The selected financial information presented below should be read in conjunction with Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 
 Fiscal Year (a)(b) 
 (In thousands of dollars, except for share and per share amounts) 2023 2022 (c) 
 
 2021 (c) 
 2020 (c) 
 2019 STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS DATA: Total sales 1,543,208 1,495,734 1,406,516 1,827,402 2,013,304 Cost of sales (exclusive of depreciation and amortization expense): 1,193,769 1,152,902 1,176,173 1,404,166 1,505,608 Gross profit 349,439 342,832 230,343 423,236 507,696 Selling and administrative expenses 357,611 353,968 316,164 385,300 409,376 Depreciation and amortization expense 42,163 42,124 45,204 53,190 57,891 Impairment loss (non-cash) (d) 
 6,008 6,411 27,630 433 57,748 Restructuring and other charges (d) 
 10,103 944 10,107 18,567 6,836 Transaction costs 154 Operating loss (66,446) (60,615) (168,762) (34,254) (24,309) Interest expense, net 22,683 10,096 8,087 7,445 9,780 Loss from continuing operations before income taxes (89,129) (70,711) (176,849) (41,699) (34,089) Income tax expense (benefit) 1,011 (9,152) (43,280) (9,895) (12,263) Loss from continuing operations, net of tax (90,140) (61,559) (133,569) (31,804) (21,826) Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax (b) 
 (11,722) (7,298) (6,241) (6,446) (2,548) Net loss (101,862) (68,857) (139,810) (38,250) (24,374) Loss per common share: Basic and Diluted Continuing operations (1.72) (1.19) (2.69) (0.66) (0.46) Discontinued operations (b) 
 (0.22) (0.14) (0.12) (0.14) (0.06) Total Basic and Diluted Earnings per share (1.94) (1.33) (2.81) (0.80) (0.52) Weighted average common shares - Basic and Diluted (thousands): 52,454 51,797 49,669 48,013 47,306 
 
 Fiscal Year (a)(b) 
 (In thousands of dollars, except for share and per share amounts) 2023 2022 (c) 
 
 2021 (c) 
 2020 (c) 
 2019 OTHER OPERATING DATA - Continuing Operations: Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP) (e) 
 Retail 10,640 8,679 (66,827) 36,227 89,094 Wholesale 3,239 3,782 18,598 21,567 35,018 Corporate Services and Eliminations (22,025) (22,777) (21,887) (19,044) (25,339) Total Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP) (8,146) (10,316) (70,116) 38,750 98,773 Adjusted Earnings (non-GAAP) (e) 
 (74,003) (53,384) (93,890) (17,104) 26,811 Capital expenditures 25,092 33,607 27,562 30,767 34,976 OTHER OPERATING DATA - STORE COUNT: Number of physical stores at period end 774 805 769 772 772 Number of virtual stores at period end 592 622 648 647 676 Total number of stores at period end 1,366 1,427 1,417 1,419 1,448 
 32 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 Fiscal Year (a)(b) 
 (In thousands of dollars, except for share and per share amounts) 2023 2022 (c) 
 
 2021 (c) 
 2020 (c) 
 2019 BALANCE SHEET DATA (at period end): Merchandise and rental inventory 353,328 323,466 309,804 469,649 467,323 Total assets (b) 
 980,779 1,071,553 1,031,113 1,158,138 952,337 Total liabilities (b) 
 850,028 843,179 738,102 740,387 501,709 Short-term debt 40,000 50,000 75,000 100,000 Long-term debt 182,151 185,700 127,600 99,700 33,500 Total stockholders' equity 130,751 228,374 293,011 417,751 450,628 
 (a) Our fiscal year is comprised of 52 or 53 weeks, ending on the Saturday closest to the last day of April. Fiscal 2023 means the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023, Fiscal 2022 means the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022, Fiscal 2021 means the 52 weeks ended May 1, 2021, Fiscal 2020 means the 53 weeks ended May 2, 2020, and Fiscal 2019 means the 52 weeks ended April 27, 2019. 
 (b) During the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2023, assets related to our Digital Student Solutions ("DSS") Segment met the criteria for classification as Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations. The results of operations related to the DSS Segment are included in the consolidated statements of operations as "Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax" for all periods presented. Certain assets and liabilities associated with the DSS Segment are presented in our consolidated balance sheets as "Assets Held for Sale" and "Liabilities Held for Sale." 
 (c) During Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, our business experienced an unprecedented and significant impact as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. The impact of which affects the comparability of our results of operations and cash flows. 
 (d) For additional information, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 9. Supplementary Information. 
 (e) To supplement our results prepared in accordance with GAAP, we use the measure of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Earnings, which are non-GAAP financial measures as defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). See Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Adjusted Earnings (non-GAAP) and - Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP). 
 33 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 Item 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Unless the context otherwise indicates, references to we, us, our and the Company refer to Barnes Noble Education, Inc. or BNED , a Delaware corporation. References to Barnes Noble College or BNC refer to our subsidiary Barnes Noble College Booksellers, LLC. References to MBS refer to our subsidiary MBS Textbook Exchange, LLC. 
 Our fiscal year is comprised of 52 or 53 weeks, ending on the Saturday closest to the last day of April. Fiscal 2024 means the 52 weeks ended April 27, 2024, Fiscal 2023 means the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023, Fiscal 2022 means the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022, and Fiscal 2021 means the 52 weeks ended May 1, 2021. 
 Overview 
 Description of Business 
 Barnes Noble Education, Inc. BNED is one of the largest contract operators of physical and virtual bookstores for college and university campuses and K-12 institutions across the United States. We are also one of the largest textbook wholesalers, inventory management hardware and software providers, and a leading provider of digital education solutions. We operate physical, virtual, and custom bookstores and serve more than 6 million students, delivering essential educational content, tools and general merchandise within a dynamic omnichannel retail environment. 
 The strengths of our business include our ability to compete by developing new products and solutions to meet market needs, our large operating footprint with direct access to students and faculty, our well-established, deep relationships with academic partners and stable, long-term contracts and our well-recognized brands. We provide product and service offerings designed to address the most pressing issues in higher education, including equitable access, enhanced convenience and improved affordability through innovative course material delivery models designed to drive improved student experiences and outcomes. We offer our BNC First Day equitable and inclusive access programs, consisting of First Day Complete and First Day , which provide faculty requested course materials on or before the first day of class at a discounted rate, as compared to the total retail price for the same course materials if purchased separately. The BNC First Day discounted price is offered as a course fee or included in tuition. During Fiscal 2023, BNC First Day total revenue increased 48 from the prior year period. We plan to move many institutions to First Day Complete in Fiscal 2024 and the majority of our stores by Fiscal 2025, with continued relative adoption of this model thereafter. 
 We expect to continue to introduce scalable and advanced solutions focused largely on the student and customer experience, expand our e-commerce capabilities and accelerate such capabilities through our merchandising partnership with Fanatics Retail Group Fulfillment, LLC, Inc. Fanatics and Fanatics Lids College, Inc. D/B/A "Lids" Lids (collectively referred to herein as the F/L Partnership ), win new accounts, and expand our strategic opportunities through acquisitions and partnerships. We expect gross general merchandise sales to continue to increase over the long term, as our product assortments continue to emphasize and reflect changing consumer trends, and we evolve our presentation concepts and merchandising of products in stores and online, which we expect to be further enhanced and accelerated through the F/L Partnership. Through this partnership, we receive unparalleled product assortment, e-commerce capabilities and powerful digital marketing tools to drive increased value for customers and accelerate growth of our logo general merchandise business. During Fiscal 2023, Retail Gross Comparable Store general merchandise sales increased by 8.6 . 
 The Barnes Noble brand (licensed from our former parent) along with our subsidiary brands, BNC and MBS, are synonymous with innovation in bookselling and campus retailing, and are widely recognized and respected brands in the United States. Our large college footprint, reputation, and credibility in the marketplace not only support our marketing efforts to universities, students, and faculty, but are also important to our relationship with leading publishers who rely on us as one of their primary distribution channels. 
 For a discussion of our business, see Part I - Item 1. Business. 
 Sale of Digital Student Solutions ("DSS") Segment 
 During the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2023, assets related to our Digital Student Solutions ("DSS") Segment met the criteria for classification as Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations. Certain assets and liabilities associated with the DSS Segment are presented in our consolidated balance sheets as "Assets Held for Sale" and "Liabilities Held for Sale". The results of operations related to the DSS Segment are included in the consolidated statements of operations as "Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax." The cash flows of the DSS Segment are also presented separately in our consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 On May 31, 2023, subsequent to the end of Fiscal 2023, we completed the sale of these assets related to our DSS Segment for cash proceeds of 20 million, net of certain transaction fees, severance costs, escrow, and other considerations. During the first quarter of Fiscal 2024, we expect to record a Gain on Sale of Business in the range of 2.5 million to 4.5 million. Net 
 34 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 cash proceeds from the sale was used for debt repayment and provided additional funds for working capital needs under our Credit Facility . 
 Cost Savings Initiative 
 We have implemented a significant cost reduction program designed to streamline our operations, maximize productivity and drive profitability. We have taken steps to significantly reduce our workforce during non-rush seasonal sales periods, eliminated duplicate administrative headcounts at all levels, implemented improved system development processes to reduce maintenance costs. reduced capital expenditures, and evaluated operating contractual obligations for cost savings. We have achieved meaningful cost savings from this program of approximately 17 million during the year ended April 29, 2023. These initiatives are expected to provide annualized savings of 30 million to 35 million in Fiscal 2024. Management's plans over the next twelve months include the further reduction of gross capital expenditures and other cost saving measures of approximately 25 million. Management believes that these plans are within its control and probable of being implemented on a timely basis. 
 BNC First Day Equitable and Inclusive Access Programs 
 We provide product and service offerings designed to address the most pressing issues in higher education, including equitable access, enhanced convenience and improved affordability through innovative course material delivery models designed to drive improved student experiences and outcomes. We offer our BNC First Day equitable and inclusive access programs, consisting of First Day Complete and First Day , which provide faculty requested course materials on or before the first day of class at a discounted rate, as compared to the total retail price for the same course materials if purchased separately. The BNC First Day discounted price is offered as a course fee or included in tuition. 
 First Day Complete is adopted by an institution and includes all undergraduate classes (and on occasion graduate classes), providing students both physical and digital materials. The First Day Complete model drives substantially greater unit sales and sell-through for the bookstore. 
 First Day is adopted by a faculty member for a single course, and students receive primarily digital course materials through their school's learning management system ("LMS"). 
 Offering course materials through our equitable and inclusive access First Day Complete and First Day models is a key, and increasingly important strategic initiative of ours to meet the market demands of substantially reduced pricing to students, as well as the opportunity to improve student outcomes, while, at the same time, increasing our market share, revenue and relative gross profits of course material sales given the higher volumes of units sold in such models as compared to historical sales models that rely on individual student marketing and sales. These programs have allowed us to reverse historical long-term trends in course materials revenue declines, which have been observed at those schools where such programs have been adopted. We are moving quickly and decisively to accelerate our First Day Complete strategy. We plan to move many institutions to First Day Complete in Fiscal 2024 and the majority of our schools by Fiscal 2025, with continued relative adoption of this model thereafter. 
 For the 2023 Spring Term, 116 campus stores adopted our First Day Complete course materials delivery program, representing approximately 580,000 in total undergraduate student enrollment (as reported by National Center for Education Statistics), compared to 76 campus stores representing approximately 380,000 in total undergraduate student enrollment for the 2022 Spring Term. During the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023, First Day Complete sales increased by 93 million to 198 million, or 88 , as compared to 105 million in the prior year period. 
 Partnership with Fanatics and Lids 
 In December 2020, we entered into the F/L Partnership. Through this partnership, we receive unparalleled product assortment, e-commerce capabilities and powerful digital marketing tools to drive increased value for customers and accelerate growth of our general merchandise business. Fanatics cutting-edge e-commerce and technology expertise offers our campus stores expanded product selection, a world-class online and mobile experience, and a progressive direct-to-consumer platform. Coupled with Lids, the leading standalone brick and mortar retailer focused exclusively on licensed fan and alumni products, our campus stores have improved access to trend and sales performance data on licensees, product styles, and design treatments. 
 We maintain our relationships with campus partners and remain responsible for staffing and managing the day-to-day operations of our campus bookstores. We also work closely with our campus partners to ensure that each campus store maintains unique aspects of in-store merchandising, including localized product assortments and specific styles and designs that reflect each campus s brand. We leverage Fanatics e-commerce technology and expertise for the operational management of the emblematic merchandise and gift sections of our campus store websites. 
 Lids manages in-store assortment planning and merchandising of emblematic apparel, headwear, and gift products for our partner campus stores, and Lids owns the inventory it manages, relieving us of the obligation to finance inventory purchases from working capital. Through the pending installation of Lids "Custom Zones" at certain stores, our stores will offer a 
 35 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 differentiated shopping experience, that lets students, parents, alumni, fans, and campus clubs personalize school merchandise that s sold in the store. These Custom Zones will drive incremental foot traffic, increase in-store dwell time, and grow sales opportunities. The installation of traffic counters at certain stores provides comprehensive store analytics that help us optimize the customer experience and business outcomes, by better aligning staffing with peak traffic hours, identifying opportunities to increase conversion, or assessing promotional effectiveness. 
 On April 4, 2021, as contemplated by the F/L Partnership's merchandising agreement, we sold our logo and emblematic general merchandise inventory to Lids, which was finalized during the first quarter of Fiscal 2022. Effective in April 2021, as contemplated by the F/L Partnership's merchandising agreement and e-commerce agreement, we began to transition the fulfillment of our logo general merchandise sales to Lids and Fanatics. The transition to Lids for campus stores was effective in April 2021, and the e-commerce websites transitioned to Fanatics throughout Fiscal 2022. As the logo and emblematic general merchandise sales are fulfilled by Lids and Fanatics, we recognize commission revenue earned for these sales on a net basis in our consolidated financial statements, as compared to the recognition of logo and emblematic general merchandise sales on a gross basis prior to April 4, 2021. 
 In December 2020, Fanatics, Inc. and Lids Holdings, Inc. jointly made a 15 million strategic equity investment in BNED. In addition to its equity investment, on June 7, 2022, we entered into a 30 million term loan credit agreement with TopLids LendCo, LLC and Vital Fundco, LLC, another strategic partner. For additional information, see Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 
 COVID-19 Pandemic Business Impact 
 Our business was significantly negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, as many schools adjusted their learning models and on-campus activities. The impact of COVID-19 store closings during Fiscal 2021 to Fiscal 2022 resulted in the loss of cash flow and increased borrowings that we would not otherwise have expected to incur. However, on campus traffic continues to grow from increased campus events and activities, as compared to the last two years. We cannot accurately predict the duration or extent of the lingering impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on enrollments, primarily at community colleges and international student enrollment, campus activities, university budgets, athletics, the continuation of remote and hybrid class offerings, and other areas that directly affect our business operations . 
 Segments 
 During the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2023, assets related to our DSS Segment met the criteria for classification as Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations and is no longer a reportable segment. We have two reportable segments: Retail and Wholesale. Additionally, unallocated shared-service costs, which include various corporate level expenses and other governance functions, are not allocated to any specific reporting segment and continue to be presented as Corporate Services . The following discussion provides information regarding the three segments. 
 Retail Segment 
 The Retail Segment operates college, university, and K-12 school bookstores, comprised of physical bookstores and virtual bookstores. Our bookstores typically operate under agreements with the college, university, or K-12 schools to be the official bookstore and the exclusive seller of course materials and supplies, including physical and digital products. The majority of the physical campus bookstores have school-branded e-commerce websites which we operate independently or along with our merchant partners, and which offer students access to affordable course materials and affinity products, including emblematic apparel and gifts. The Retail Segment also offers equitable and inclusive access programs, which provide faculty requested course materials on or before the first day of class at a discounted rate, as compared to the total retail price for the same course materials if purchased separately. The BNC First Day discounted price is offered as a course fee or included in tuition. Additionally, the Retail Segment offers a suite of digital content and services to colleges and universities, including a variety of open educational resource-based courseware. 
 Wholesale Segment 
 The Wholesale Segment is comprised of our wholesale textbook business and is one of the largest textbook wholesalers in the country. The Wholesale Segment centrally sources, sells, and distributes new and used textbooks to approximately physical bookstores (including our Retail Segment's physical bookstores) and sources and distributes new and used textbooks to our virtual bookstores. Additionally, the Wholesale Segment sells hardware and a software suite of applications that provides inventory management and point-of-sale solutions to approximately college bookstores. 
 Corporate Services represents unallocated shared-service costs which include corporate level expenses and other governance functions, including executive functions, such as accounting, legal, treasury, information technology, and human resources. 
 36 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 Seasonality 
 Our business is highly seasonal. Our quarterly results also may fluctuate depending on the timing of the start of the various schools' semesters, as well as shifts in our fiscal calendar dates. These shifts in timing may affect the comparability of our results across periods. Our fiscal year is comprised of 52 or 53 weeks, ending on the Saturday closest to the last day of April. 
 Our retail business is highly seasonal, with the major portion of sales and operating profit realized during the second and third fiscal quarters, when college students generally purchase and rent textbooks for the upcoming semesters. 
 Retail product revenue is recognized when the customer takes physical possession of our products, which occurs either at the point of sale for products purchased at physical locations or upon receipt of our products by our customers for products ordered through our websites and virtual bookstores. Revenue from the sale of digital textbooks, which contains a single performance obligation, is recognized at the point of sale as product revenue in our consolidated financial statements. Revenue from the rental of physical textbooks is deferred and recognized over the rental period based on the passage of time commencing at the point of sale, when control of the product transfers to the customer and is recognized as rental income in our consolidated financial statements. Depending on the product mix offered under the BNC First Day offerings, revenue recognized is consistent with our policies for product, digital and rental sales, net of an anticipated opt-out or return provision. 
 Given the growth of BNC First Day programs, the timing of cash collection from our school partners may shift to periods subsequent to when the revenue is recognized. When a school adopts our BNC First Day equitable and inclusive access offerings, cash collection from the school generally occurs after the student drop/add dates, which is later in the working capital cycle, particularly in our third quarter given the timing of the Spring Term and our quarterly reporting period, as compared to direct-to-student point-of-sale transactions where cash is generally collected during the point-of-sale transaction or within a few days from the credit card processor. As a higher percentage of our sales shift to BNC First Day equitable and inclusive access offerings, we are focused on efforts to better align the timing of our cash outflows to course material vendors and schools with cash inflows collected from schools, including modifying payment terms in existing and future school contracts. 
 Sales attributable to our wholesale business are generally highest in our first, second and third quarter, as it sells textbooks and other course materials for retail distribution. 
 Trends and Other Factors Affecting Our Business 
 For a discussion of our trends and other factors affecting our business, see Part I - Item 1. Business. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Elements of Results of Operations 
 Our consolidated financial statements reflect our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ). The results of operations reflected in our consolidated financial statements are presented on a consolidated basis. All material intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 During the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2023, assets related to our DSS Segment met the criteria for classification as Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations. Certain assets and liabilities associated with the DSS Segment are presented in our consolidated balance sheets as current "Assets Held for Sale" and current "Liabilities Held for Sale". The results of operations related to the DSS Segment are included in the consolidated statements of operations as "Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax." The cash flows of the DSS Segment are also presented separately in our consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 Our sales are primarily derived from the sale of course materials, which include new, used, rental and digital textbooks. Additionally, at college and university bookstores which we operate, we sell general merchandise, including emblematic apparel and gifts, trade books, computer products, school and dorm supplies, convenience and caf items and graduation products. Our rental income is primarily derived from the rental of physical textbooks. We also derive revenue from other sources, such as sales of inventory management, hardware and point-of-sale software, and other services. 
 Our cost of sales primarily includes costs such as merchandise costs, textbook rental amortization, content development cost amortization, warehouse costs related to inventory management and order fulfillment, insurance, certain payroll costs, and management service agreement costs, including rent expense, related to our college and university contracts and other facility related expenses. 
 Our selling and administrative expenses consist primarily of store payroll and store operating expenses. Selling and administrative expenses also include long-term incentive plan compensation expense and general office expenses, such as merchandising, procurement, field support, and finance and accounting. Shared-service costs such as human resources, legal, treasury, information technology, and various other corporate level expenses and other governance functions, are not allocated to any specific reporting segment and are recorded in Corporate Services as discussed in the Overview - Segments discussion above. 
 37 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 Results of Operations Summary - Continuing Operations (a) 
 52 weeks ended Dollars in thousands April 29, 2023 (a) 
 April 30, 2022 (b) 
 May 1, 2021 (b) 
 Sales: (c) 
 Product sales and other Rental income Total sales 1,543,208 1,495,734 1,406,516 Gross Profit 349,439 342,832 230,343 Net loss from continuing operations ) ) ) Adjusted Earnings (non-GAAP) - Continuing Operations (d) 
 (74,003) (53,384) (93,890) Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP) - Continuing Operations (d) 
 Retail 10,640 8,679 (66,827) Wholesale 3,239 3,782 18,598 Corporate Services (22,000) (23,002) (22,079) Eliminations (25) 225 192 Total Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP) (8,146) (10,316) (70,116) 
 (a) During the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2023, assets related to our Digital Student Solutions ("DSS") Segment met the criteria for classification as Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations. Net Loss from Continuing Operations excludes the results of operations related to the DSS Segment for all years reported above. 
 (b) In Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, our business experienced an unprecedented and significant impact as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. The impact of which affects the comparability of our results of operations and cash flows. 
 (c) Effective in April 2021, as contemplated by the F/L Partnership's merchandising agreement and e-commerce agreement, we began to transition the fulfillment of our logo general merchandise sales to Lids and Fanatics. The transition to Lids for campus stores was effective in April 2021, and the e-commerce websites transitioned to Fanatics throughout Fiscal 2022. As the logo general merchandise sales are fulfilled by Lids and Fanatics, we recognize commission revenue earned for these sales on a net basis in our consolidated financial statements, as compared to the recognition of logo general merchandise sales on a gross basis in the periods prior to the transition. See Retail Gross Comparable Store Sales details. 
 (d) Adjusted Earnings and Adjusted EBITDA are a non-GAAP financial measures. See Adjusted Earnings (non-GAAP) and Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP) discussion below. 
 The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the percentage relationship that certain items bear to total sales: 
 52 weeks ended Continuing Operations April 29, 2023 April 30, 2022 May 1, 2021 Sales: Product sales and other 91.2 91.1 90.5 Rental income 8.8 8.9 9.5 Total sales 100.0 100.0 100.0 Cost of sales (exclusive of depreciation and amortization expense): Product and other cost of sales (a) 
 79.6 79.0 85.6 Rental cost of sales (a) 
 54.4 57.5 65.0 Total cost of sales 77.4 77.1 83.6 Gross margin 22.6 22.9 16.4 Selling and administrative expenses 23.2 23.7 22.5 Depreciation and amortization expense 2.7 2.8 3.2 Impairment loss (non-cash) 0.4 0.4 2.0 Restructuring and other charges 0.7 0.1 0.7 Operating loss from continuing operations (4.3) (4.1) (12.0) 
 (a) Represents the percentage these costs bear to the related sales, instead of total sales. 
 38 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 Results of Operations - Discontinued Operations 
 During the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2023, assets related to our DSS Segment met the criteria for classification as Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations and is no longer a reportable segment. The results of operations related to the DSS Segment are included in the consolidated statements of operations as "Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax." On May 31, 2023, subsequent to the end of Fiscal 2023, we completed the sale of these assets related to our DSS Segment for cash proceeds of 20 million, net of certain transaction fees, severance costs, escrow, and other considerations. During the first quarter of Fiscal 2024, we expect to record a Gain on Sale of Business in the range of 2.5 million to 4.5 million. Net cash proceeds from the sale was used for debt repayment and provided additional funds for working capital needs under our Credit Facility. The following table summarizes the operating results of the discontinued operations for the periods indicated: 
 52 weeks ended Dollars in thousands April 29, 2023 April 30, 2022 May 1, 2021 Total sales 35,353 35,666 27,374 Cost of sales (a) 
 7,156 5,738 5,056 Gross profit (a) 
 28,197 29,928 22,318 Selling and administrative expenses 34,137 29,472 22,116 Depreciation and amortization 3,155 7,257 7,763 Restructuring costs 1,848 571 Transaction costs 381 Operating loss (11,324) (6,801) (8,132) Income tax expense (benefit) 398 497 (1,891) Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax (11,722) (7,298) (6,241) 
 (a) Cost of sales and Gross margin for the DSS Segment includes amortization expense (non-cash) related to content development costs of 6.6 million, 5.1 million, and 4.3 million for the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023, April 30, 2022, and May 1, 2021, respectively. 
 
 Results of Operations - Continuing Operations 
 - 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023 compared with the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022 
 
 52 weeks ended, April 29, 2023 (a) 
 Dollars in thousands Retail Wholesale Corporate Services Eliminations (b) 
 Total Sales: Product sales and other 1,355,173 106,366 (54,884) 1,406,655 Rental income 136,553 136,553 Total sales 1,491,726 106,366 (54,884) 1,543,208 Cost of sales (exclusive of depreciation and amortization expense): Product and other cost of sales 
 1,086,095 88,091 (54,704) 1,119,482 Rental cost of sales 74,287 74,287 Total cost of sales 1,160,382 88,091 (54,704) 1,193,769 Gross profit 331,344 18,275 (180) 349,439 Selling and administrative expenses 
 320,730 15,036 22,000 (155) 357,611 Depreciation and amortization expense 
 36,737 5,373 53 42,163 Impairment loss (non-cash) 6,008 6,008 Restructuring and other charges 
 2,964 916 6,223 10,103 Operating loss from continuing operations (35,095) (3,050) (28,276) (25) (66,446) 
 39 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 52 weeks ended, April 30, 2022 (a)(c) 
 Dollars in thousands Retail Wholesale Corporate Services Eliminations (b) 
 Total Sales: Product sales and other 1,306,310 112,246 (56,176) 1,362,380 Rental income 133,354 133,354 Total sales 1,439,664 112,246 (56,176) 1,495,734 Cost of sales (exclusive of depreciation and amortization expense): Product and other cost of sales 
 1,040,022 92,464 (56,243) 1,076,243 Rental cost of sales 76,659 76,659 Total cost of sales 1,116,681 92,464 (56,243) 1,152,902 Gross profit 322,983 19,782 67 342,832 Selling and administrative expenses 
 315,124 16,000 23,002 (158) 353,968 Depreciation and amortization expense 
 36,635 5,418 71 42,124 Impairment loss (non-cash) 6,411 6,411 Restructuring and other charges 
 2,118 (2,131) 957 944 Operating (loss) income from continuing operations (37,305) 495 (24,030) 225 (60,615) 
 (a) During the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2023, assets related to our Digital Student Solutions ("DSS") Segment met the criteria for classification as Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations. Operating Loss from Continuing Operations excludes the results of operations related to the DSS Segment for all years reported above. 
 (b) For additional information related to the intercompany activities and eliminations, see Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 4. Segment Reporting. 
 (c) In Fiscal 2022, our business experienced an unprecedented and significant impact as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. The impact of which affects the comparability of our results of operations and cash flows. 
 Sales 
 The following table summarizes our sales: 
 52 weeks ended Dollars in thousands April 29, 2023 April 30, 2022 Product sales and other 3.2 Rental income 2.4 Total Sales 1,543,208 1,495,734 3.2 
 Our total sales increased by 47.5 million, or 3.2 , to 1,543.2 million during the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023 from 1,495.7 million during the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022 which is primarily related to higher course material sales, primarily due to our BNC First Day programs and higher general merchandise sales as many schools approach a more traditional on campus learning experience. The components of the sales variances for the 52 week period are reflected in the table below. 
 Sales variances 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023 Dollars in millions Retail Sales New stores 78.3 Closed stores (46.4) Comparable stores (a) 
 25.7 Textbook rental deferral 0.9 Service revenue (b) 
 (3.8) Other (c) 
 (2.6) Retail Sales subtotal: 52.1 Wholesale Sales (5.9) Eliminations (d) 
 1.3 Total sales variance: 47.5 
 40 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

(a) Effective in April 2021, as contemplated by the F/L Partnership's merchandising agreement and e-commerce agreement, we began to transition the fulfillment of our logo general merchandise sales to Lids and Fanatics. The transition to Lids for campus stores was effective in April 2021, and the e-commerce websites transitioned to Fanatics throughout Fiscal 2022. As the logo general merchandise sales are fulfilled by Lids and Fanatics, we recognize commission revenue earned for these sales on a net basis in our consolidated financial statements, as compared to the recognition of logo general merchandise sales on a gross basis in the periods prior to the transition. For Retail Gross Comparable Store Sales details, see below. 
 (b) Service revenue includes brand partnerships, shipping and handling, and revenue from other programs. 
 (c) Other includes inventory liquidation sales to third parties, marketplace sales and certain accounting adjusting items related to return reserves, and other deferred items. 
 (d) Eliminates Wholesale sales and service fees to Retail and Retail commissions earned from Wholesale. See discussion of intercompany activities and eliminations below. 
 Retail 
 The following is a store count summary for physical stores and virtual stores. Many of the store closings relate to closing less profitable stores, including satellite store locations. 
 Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2022 Number of Stores: Physical Virtual Total Physical Virtual Total Beginning of period 805 622 1,427 769 648 1,417 Opened 36 30 66 57 35 92 Closed 67 60 127 21 61 82 End of period 774 592 1,366 805 622 1,427 
 Generally, sales are impacted by revenue from net new/closed stores, increased campus traffic, and an increase in the number of on campus activities and events, such as graduations, athletic events, alumni events and prospective student campus tours, as schools approach a more traditional campus experience. We continued to experience higher sales related to our BNC First Day programs and higher general merchandise sales, especially for graduation products, logo products, and cafe and convenience products, as on campus traffic continues to grow compared to the prior year. Sales were negatively impacted by lower enrollments, primarily at community colleges and by international students, and the continuation of remote and hybrid class offerings. 
 Retail total sales increased by 52.1 million, or 3.6 , to 1,491.7 million during the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023 from 1,439.7 million during the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022. In addition, our sales and margins were positively impacted in Fiscal 2023 compared to Fiscal 2022 as a result of improved availability of used inventory which was constrained in 2022. 
 Product sales and other increased by 48.9 million, or 3.7 , to 1,355.2 million during the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023 from 1,306.3 million during the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022. During the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023, total course material product sales increased by 16.7 million, or 1.8 , to 927.9 million; total general merchandise product sales increased by 38.5 million, or 11.1 , to 385.5 million as students return to on campus activities, partially offset by a decrease in service and other revenue of 6.3 million, or 13.2 , to 41.8 million primarily due to lower shipping and handling income resulting from increased in-store order fulfillment. 
 Revenue from our BNC First Day equitable and inclusive access programs increased by 112 million, or 48 , to 347 million during the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023, as compared to 235 million during the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022. Specifically, First Day Complete sales increased by 93 million, or 88 , to 198 million during the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023, as compared to 105 million during the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022. First Day sales increased by 19 million, or 15 , to 149 million during the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023, as compared to 130 million during the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022. As of April 29, 2023, 116 campus stores adopted our First Day Complete course materials delivery program for the 2023 Spring Term, representing approximately 580,000 in total undergraduate student enrollment (as reported by National Center for Education Statistics), compared to 76 campus stores representing approximately 380,000 in total undergraduate student enrollment in the 2022 Spring Term. 
 Total course material rental income increased by 3.2 million, or 2.4 , to 136.6 million during the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023 from 133.4 million during the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022 primarily due to increased rental textbook activity in our First Day Complete program and improved availability of used textbook inventory. 
 41 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 Retail Gross Comparable Store Sales 
 To supplement the Total Sales table presented above, the Company uses Retail Gross Comparable Store Sales as a key performance indicator. Retail Gross Comparable Store Sales includes sales from physical and virtual stores that have been open for an entire fiscal year period and does not include sales from permanently closed stores for all periods presented. For Retail Gross Comparable Store Sales, sales for logo general merchandise fulfilled by Lids, Fanatics and digital agency sales are included on a gross basis for consistent year-over-year comparison. 
 Effective in April 2021, as contemplated by the F/L Partnership's merchandising agreement and e-commerce agreement, we began to transition the fulfillment of our logo general merchandise sales to Lids and Fanatics. The transition to Lids for campus stores was effective in April 2021, and the e-commerce websites transitioned to Fanatics throughout Fiscal 2022. As the logo general merchandise sales are fulfilled by Lids and Fanatics, we recognize commission revenue earned for these sales on a net basis in our consolidated financial statements, as compared to the recognition of logo general merchandise sales on a gross basis in the periods prior to the transition. 
 We believe the current Retail Gross Comparable Store Sales calculation method reflects management s view that such comparable store sales are an important measure of the growth in sales when evaluating how established stores have performed over time. We present this metric as additional useful information about the Company s operational and financial performance and to allow greater transparency with respect to important metrics used by management for operating and financial decision-making. Retail Gross Comparable Store Sales are also referred to as "same-store" sales by others within the retail industry and the method of calculating comparable store sales varies across the retail industry. As a result, our calculation of comparable store sales is not necessarily comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies and is intended only as supplemental information and is not a substitute for net sales presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 The increase in course material sales was primarily due to the growth of BNC First Day equitable and inclusive access programs (as discussed above), partially offset by a shift to lower cost options and more affordable solutions, including digital offerings. The increase in general merchandise sales was primarily due to higher sales related to graduation products, logo products, and cafe and convenience products, as on campus traffic continues to grow compared to the prior year. 
 Retail Gross Comparable Store Sales variances for Retail by category for the 52 week period are as follows: 
 Dollars in millions 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023 April 30, 2022 Textbooks (Course Materials) 4.1 0.4 21.2 2.3 General Merchandise 43.9 8.6 219.5 75.6 Total Retail Gross Comparable Store Sales 48.0 3.2 240.7 19.6 
 Wholesale 
 Wholesale sales decreased by 5.9 million, or 5.2 , to 106.4 million during the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023 from 112.2 million during the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022. The decrease is primarily due to a decline in gross sales of 2.0 million from lower customer demand resulting from a shift in buying patterns from physical textbooks to digital products, and lower demand from other third-party clients, and higher returns and allowances of 3.9 million. 
 Cost of Sales and Gross Margin 
 Our cost of sales increased as a percentage of sales to 77.4 during the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023 compared to 77.1 during the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022. Our gross margin increased by 6.6 million, or 1.9 , to 349.4 million, or 22.6 of sales, during the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023 from 342.8 million, or 22.9 of sales, during the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022. 
 During the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022, we recognized a merchandise inventory loss of 0.4 million in cost of goods sold in the Retail Segment. For additional information, see Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Merchandise Inventories. 
 42 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 Retail 
 The following table summarizes the Retail cost of sales: 
 52 weeks ended 52 weeks ended Dollars in thousands April 29, 2023 of Related Sales April 30, 2022 of Related Sales Product and other cost of sales 
 1,086,095 80.1 1,040,022 79.6 Rental cost of sales 
 74,287 54.4 76,659 57.5 Total Cost of Sales 
 1,160,382 77.8 1,116,681 77.6 
 The following table summarizes the Retail gross margin: 
 52 weeks ended 52 weeks ended Dollars in thousands April 29, 2023 of Related Sales April 30, 2022 of Related Sales Product and other gross margin 269,078 19.9 266,288 20.4 Rental gross margin 62,266 45.6 56,695 42.5 Gross Margin 331,344 22.2 322,983 22.4 
 For the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023, the Retail gross margin as a percentage of sales decreased as discussed below: 
 Product and other gross margin decreased (50 basis points), driven primarily by lower margin rates (110 basis points) due to higher markdowns, higher inventory reserves, lower general merchandise margin rates, offset by lower shipping costs; higher contract costs as a percentage of sales related to our college and university contracts (40 basis points) resulting from contract renewals and new store contracts; partially offset by improved sales mix (95 basis points) primarily due to higher used textbook sales due to lower constraints on inventory availability, offset by lower margins due to a shift in buying patterns from physical textbooks to digital products, and higher general merchandise sales, including logo sales. 
 Retail Rental gross margin as a percentage of sales increased driven primarily by higher rental margin rates primarily due to our First Day Complete program and favorable rental mix due to improved availability of used textbook inventory, partially offset by higher contract costs as a percentage of sales related to our college and university contracts resulting from contract renewals and new store contracts. 
 Wholesale 
 The cost of sales and gross margin for Wholesale were 88.1 million, or 82.8 of sales, and 18.3 million, or 17.2 of sales, respectively, during the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023. The cost of sales and gross margin for Wholesale were 92.5 million, or 82.4 of sales, and 19.8 million, or 17.6 of sales, respectively, during the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022. The gross margin decreased to 17.2 during the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023 from 17.6 during the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022. The decrease was primarily due to the unfavorable impact of higher markdowns of 2.3 million and returns and allowances of 0.5 million, partially offset by a favorable sales mix of 1.3 million due to improved availability of used textbook inventory. 
 Intercompany Eliminations 
 During the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023 and 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022, sales eliminations were 54.9 million and 56.2 million, respectively. These sales eliminations represent the elimination of Wholesale sales and fulfillment service fees to Retail and the elimination of Retail commissions earned from Wholesale. 
 During the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023 and 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022, the cost of sales eliminations were 54.7 million and 56.2 million, respectively. These cost of sales eliminations represent (i) the recognition of intercompany profit for Retail inventory that was purchased from Wholesale in a prior period that was subsequently sold to external customers during the current period and the elimination of Wholesale service fees charged for fulfillment of inventory for virtual store sales, net of (ii) the elimination of intercompany profit for Wholesale inventory purchases by Retail that remain in ending inventory at the end of the current period. 
 During the 52 weeks periods ended April 29, 2023 and 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022, the gross margin eliminations were (0.2) million and 0.1 million, respectively. The gross margin eliminations reflect the net impact of the sales eliminations and cost of sales eliminations during the above mentioned reporting periods. 
 43 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 Selling and Administrative Expenses 
 52 weeks ended 52 weeks ended Dollars in thousands April 29, 2023 of Sales April 30, 2022 of Sales Selling and Administrative Expenses 23.2 23.7 
 During the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023, selling and administrative expenses increased by 3.6 million, or 1.0 , to 357.6 million from 354.0 million during the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022. The variances by segment are discussed by segment below. 
 Retail 
 For Retail, selling and administrative expenses increased by 5.6 million, or 1.8 , to 320.7 million during the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023 from 315.1 million during the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022. This increase was primarily due to an increase in store payroll and operating costs at new/closed stores of 6.4 million, and a 5.4 million increase in corporate payroll, infrastructure and product development costs, partially offset by a 5.2 million decrease in incentive plan compensation expense and a 1.0 million decrease in store payroll and operating costs at comparable stores. 
 Wholesale 
 For Wholesale, selling and administrative expenses decreased by 1.0 million, or 6.0 , to 15.0 million during the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023 from 16.0 million during the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022. The decrease was primarily driven by lower compensation related expense, including incentive plan compensation expense. 
 Corporate Services 
 Corporate Services' selling and administrative expenses decreased by 1.0 million, or 4.4 , to 22.0 million during the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023 from 23.0 million during the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022. The decrease in costs was primarily due to lower incentive plan compensation costs of 1.8 million, partially offset by higher professional service costs of 0.8 million. 
 Depreciation and Amortization Expense 
 52 weeks ended 52 weeks ended Dollars in thousands April 29, 2023 of Sales April 30, 2022 of Sales Depreciation and Amortization Expense 2.7 2.8 
 Depreciation and amortization expense remained flat at 42.1 million during both the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023 and the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022. Capital expenditures decreased by 8.5 million during the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023 compared to the prior year period and depreciable assets and intangibles were lower due to the store impairment loss recognized during Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022. 
 Impairment loss (non-cash) 
 We review our long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable in accordance with ASC 360-10, Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets . For information, see Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 6. Fair Value Measurements . 
 During the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023, we evaluated certain of our store-level long-lived assets in the Retail segment for impairment. Based on the results of the impairment tests, we recognized an impairment loss (non-cash) of 6.0 million (both pre-tax and after-tax), comprised of 0.7 million, 1.7 million, and 3.6 million of property and equipment, operating lease right-of-use assets, and amortizable intangibles, respectively, on the consolidated statement of operations. 
 During the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022, we evaluated certain of our store-level long-lived assets in the Retail segment for impairment. Based on the results of the impairment tests, we recognized an impairment loss (non-cash) of 6.4 million (both pre-tax and after-tax), comprised of 0.7 million, 1.8 million, 3.7 million and 0.2 million of property and equipment, operating lease right-of-use assets, amortizable intangibles, and other noncurrent assets, respectively, on the consolidated statement of operations. 
 44 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 Restructuring and other charges 
 During the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023, we recognized restructuring and other charges totaling 10.1 million, comprised primarily of 4.4 million for severance and other employee termination and benefit costs associated with elimination of various positions as part of cost reduction objectives, and 5.7 million, primarily for costs primarily associated with professional service costs for restructuring and process improvements. 
 During the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022, we recognized restructuring and other charges totaling 1.0 million, comprised primarily of 1.3 million for severance and other employee termination and benefit costs associated with elimination of various positions as part of cost reduction objectives and 1.8 million for costs associated with professional service costs for restructuring, process improvements, development and integration associated with the F/L Partnership, and shareholder activist activities, partially offset by 2.1 million in an actuarial gain related to a frozen retirement benefit plan (non-cash). 
 Operating Loss 
 52 weeks ended 52 weeks ended Dollars in thousands April 29, 2023 of Sales April 30, 2022 of Sales Operating Loss (66,446) (4.3) (60,615) (4.1) 
 Our operating loss was (66.4) million during the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023 compared to operating loss of (60.6) million during the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022. This operating loss increase was due to the matters discussed above. 
 For the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023, excluding the 10.1 million of restructuring and other charges and the 6.0 million impairment loss (non-cash), all discussed above, operating loss was (50.3) million (or (3.3) of sales). 
 For the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022, excluding the 0.4 million of merchandise inventory loss and write-off, 1.0 million of restructuring and other charges and the 6.4 million impairment loss (non-cash), all discussed above, operating loss was (52.8) million (or (3.5) of sales). 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 52 weeks ended Dollars in thousands April 29, 2023 April 30, 2022 Interest Expense, Net 
 Net interest expense increased by 12.6 million to 22.7 million during the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023 from 10.1 million during the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022 primarily due to higher borrowings and higher interest rates compared to the prior year. 
 Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 
 52 weeks ended 52 weeks ended Dollars in thousands April 29, 2023 Effective Rate April 30, 2022 Effective Rate Income Tax Expense (Benefit) (1.1) ) 12.9 
 We recorded an income tax expense of 1.0 million on a pre-tax loss of (89.1) million during the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023, which represented an effective income tax rate of (1.1) and an income tax benefit of (9.2) million on a pre-tax loss of (70.7) million during the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022, which represented an effective income tax rate of 12.9 . 
 The effective tax rate for the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023 is significantly lower as compared to the prior year comparable period due to the valuation allowance benefit of changing the tax fiscal year in the prior year. 
 Impact of U.S. Tax Reform 
 On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (The CARES Act was enacted. We have analyzed the provisions, which provide for a technical correction to allow for full expensing of qualified leasehold improvements, modifications to charitable contribution and net operating loss limitations NOLs ), modifications to the deductibility of business interest expense, as well as Alternative Minimum Tax AMT credit acceleration. The most significant impact of the legislation for the Company was an income tax benefit of 7.2 million for the carryback of NOLs to higher tax rate years, recorded in Fiscal 2021. As of April 29, 2023, we reported a current income tax receivable of 10.0 million for NOL carrybacks in prepaid and other current assets on the consolidated balance sheet. We received a 7.8 million refund in Fiscal 2022, a 15.8 million refund in Fiscal 2023 and expect to receive the additional refunds of approximately 10.0 million. 
 45 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 Net Loss from Continuing Operations 
 52 weeks ended Dollars in thousands April 29, 2023 April 30, 2022 Net Loss from Continuing Operations ) ) 
 As a result of the factors discussed above, we reported a net loss from continuing operations of (90.1) million during the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023, compared with a net loss of (61.6) million during the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022. Adjusted Earnings (non-GAAP) - Continuing Operations is (74.0) million during the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023, compared with (53.4) million during the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022. See Adjusted Earnings (non-GAAP) discussion below. 
 
 Results of Operations - Continuing Operations 
 - 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022 compared with the 52 weeks ended May 1, 2021 
 52 weeks ended, April 30, 2022 (a) 
 Dollars in thousands Retail Wholesale Corporate Services Eliminations (b) 
 Total Sales: Product sales and other 1,306,310 112,246 (56,176) 1,362,380 Rental income 133,354 133,354 Total sales 1,439,664 112,246 (56,176) 1,495,734 Cost of sales (exclusive of depreciation and amortization expense): Product and other cost of sales 
 1,040,022 92,464 (56,243) 1,076,243 Rental cost of sales 76,659 76,659 Total cost of sales 1,116,681 92,464 (56,243) 1,152,902 Gross profit 322,983 19,782 67 342,832 Selling and administrative expenses 
 315,124 16,000 23,002 (158) 353,968 Depreciation and amortization expense 
 36,635 5,418 71 42,124 Impairment loss (non-cash) 6,411 6,411 Restructuring and other charges 
 2,118 (2,131) 957 944 Operating (loss) income from continuing operations (37,305) 495 (24,030) 225 (60,615) 
 52 weeks ended, May 1, 2021 (a) 
 Dollars in thousands Retail Wholesale Corporate Services Eliminations (b) 
 Total Sales: Product sales and other 1,196,320 165,825 (89,779) 1,272,366 Rental income 134,150 134,150 Total sales 1,330,470 165,825 (89,779) 1,406,516 Cost of sales (exclusive of depreciation and amortization expense): Product and other cost of sales 
 1,047,613 131,142 (89,822) 1,088,933 Rental cost of sales 87,240 87,240 Total cost of sales 1,134,853 131,142 (89,822) 1,176,173 Gross profit 195,617 34,683 43 230,343 Selling and administrative expenses 
 278,149 16,085 22,079 (149) 316,164 Depreciation and amortization expense 
 39,634 5,461 109 45,204 Impairment loss (non-cash) 27,630 27,630 Restructuring and other charges 
 5,514 (1,595) 6,188 10,107 Operating (loss) income from continuing operations (155,310) 14,732 (28,376) 192 (168,762) 
 (a) In Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, our business experienced an unprecedented and significant impact as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. The impact of which affects the comparability of our results of operations and cash flows. 
 (b) For additional information related to the intercompany activities and eliminations, see Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 4. Segment Reporting. 
 46 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 Sales 
 The following table summarizes our sales: 
 52 weeks ended Dollars in thousands April 30, 2022 May 1, 2021 Product sales and other 1,362,380 1,272,366 7.1 Rental income 133,354 134,150 (0.6) Total Sales 1,495,734 1,406,516 6.3 
 Our total sales increased by 89.2 million, or 6.3 , to 1,495.7 million during the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022 from 1,406.5 million during the 52 weeks ended May 1, 2021. The sales increase is primarily related to re-opening stores that had temporarily closed due to the COVID-19 pandemic in the prior year. The increase is offset by the negative impact on sales primarily due to lower enrollments, primarily at community colleges and by international students, the continuation of remote and hybrid class offerings and lower logo and emblematic sales as they are reflected in sales on a net basis in our consolidated financial statements, as compared to the recognition of logo and emblematic sales on a gross basis in the periods prior to April 4, 2021. For additional information, see Retail Sales discussion below. 
 The components of the sales variances for the 52 week period are reflected in the table below. 
 Sales variances 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022 Dollars in millions Retail Sales New stores 67.2 Closed stores (42.3) Comparable stores (a) 
 83.5 Textbook rental deferral (1.8) Service revenue (b) 
 (2.4) Other (c) 
 5.0 Retail Sales subtotal: 109.2 Wholesale Sales (53.6) Eliminations (d) 
 33.6 Total sales variance: 89.2 
 
 (a) Effective in April 2021, as contemplated by the F/L Partnership's merchandising agreement and e-commerce agreement, we began to transition the fulfillment of our logo general merchandise sales to Lids and Fanatics. The transition to Lids for campus stores was effective in April 2021, and the e-commerce websites transitioned to Fanatics throughout Fiscal 2022. As the logo general merchandise sales are fulfilled by Lids and Fanatics, we recognize commission revenue earned for these sales on a net basis in our consolidated financial statements, as compared to the recognition of logo general merchandise sales on a gross basis in the periods prior to the transition. For Retail Gross Comparable Store Sales details, see below. 
 (b) Service revenue includes brand partnerships, shipping and handling, and revenue from other programs. 
 (c) Other includes inventory liquidation sales to third parties, marketplace sales and certain accounting adjusting items related to return reserves, and other deferred items. 
 (d) Eliminates Wholesale sales and service fees to Retail and Retail commissions earned from Wholesale. See discussion of intercompany activities and eliminations below. 
 Retail 
 Retail total sales increased by 109.2 million, or 8.2 , to 1,439.7 million during the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022 from 1,330.5 million during the 52 weeks ended May 1, 2021. The following is a store count summary for physical stores and virtual stores. Many of the store closings relate to closing less profitable stores, including satellite store locations. 
 47 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Physical Virtual Total Physical Virtual Total Beginning of period 769 648 1,417 772 647 1,419 Opened 57 35 92 40 58 98 Closed 21 61 82 43 57 100 End of period 805 622 1,427 769 648 1,417 
 The comparability of Products and other sales, specifically logo and emblematic sales, is impacted by the recognition of logo and emblematic sales on a net basis in our consolidated financial statements during the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022, as compared to on a gross basis prior to April 4, 2021. See the Retail Gross Comparable Store Sales discussion below. 
 Additionally, Product and other sales and Rental income are impacted by the growth of First Day Complete , comparable store sales, new store openings and store closings, as well as the impact from the COVID-19 pandemic. Sales were impacted by overall enrollment declines in higher education. Although most four year schools returned to a traditional on-campus environment for learning in the Fall 2021 semester, as well as hosted traditional on campus sporting activities, there is still uncertainty about the extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, including on enrollments at community colleges and by international students, and the continuation of remote and hybrid class offerings. While many college athletic conferences resumed their sport activities, other on campus events, such as parent's weekends or alumni events, continue to be either eliminated or severely restricted, which further impacted our general merchandise business. As we entered the Spring rush period in early January 2022, we continued to experience the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic with the surge of the Omicron variant further impacting students return to campus and on-campus activities. In early January 2022, while the majority of schools brought students back to campus, some schools chose to conduct classes virtually for the beginning of the semester, while other schools chose to delay their start dates (and some schools both delayed the start of the semester and started classes virtually), thus reducing and/or delaying sales. 
 Product and other sales for Retail increased by 110.0 million, or 9.2 , to 1,306.3 million during the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022 from 1,196.3 million during the 52 weeks ended May 1, 2021. During the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022, course material sales increased by 47.0 million or 5.4 to 911.2 million, and general merchandise sales increased by 72.3 million or 26.3 to 347.0 million, offset by a decrease in service and other revenue of 9.3 million or 16.2 to 48.1 million. Course material rental income for Retail decreased by 0.8 million, or 0.6 , to 133.4 million during the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022 from 134.2 million during the 52 weeks ended May 1, 2021. The overall Retail sales increase is primarily related to re-opening stores that had temporarily closed due to the COVID-19 pandemic in the prior year. Course material sales were also impacted by lower enrollments, primarily at community colleges and by international students, and the continuation of remote and hybrid class offerings. 
 During the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022, Retail Gross Comparable Store course material sales increased by 2.3 , as compared to a 15.2 decline a year ago, when the majority of our stores had temporarily closed due to the COVID-19 pandemic. See Retail Gross Comparable Store Sales discussion below. The increase in course material sales was reflective of the growth of BNC First Day equitable and inclusive access programs, digital and eTextbook revenue increases, due to a shift to lower cost options and more affordable solutions, including digital offerings. For the 2022 Spring term, First Day Complete was offered through 76 campus bookstores compared to 14 campus bookstores in the prior year, at schools with over 380,000 in total undergraduate enrollment, up from approximately 62,000 in total undergraduate enrollment in the 2021 Spring term. Revenue for both of our BNC First Day models increased to 235 million during Fiscal 2022, as compared to 123 million in the prior year period. 
 During the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022, logo and emblematic sales are reflected in sales on a net basis in our consolidated financial statements, as compared to the recognition of logo and emblematic sales on a gross basis prior to April 4, 2021. See Retail Gross Comparable Store Sales discussion below. During the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022, Retail Gross Comparable Store general merchandise sales increased by 75.6 , as compared to a 47.0 decline a year ago. Both results during both periods benefited greatly from the return to an on campus learning experience and the resumption of many activities and events. Sales for general merchandise, including on-campus cafe and convenience products, and trade merchandise have increased compared to the prior year, when sales were impacted by the temporary store closings due to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Retail Gross Comparable Store Sales 
 To supplement the Total Sales table presented above, the Company uses Retail Gross Comparable Store Sales as a key performance indicator. Retail Gross Comparable Store Sales includes sales from physical and virtual stores that have been open for an entire fiscal year period and does not include sales from permanently closed stores for all periods presented. For Retail 
 48 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 Gross Comparable Store Sales, sales for logo general merchandise fulfilled by Lids, Fanatics and digital agency sales are included on a gross basis for consistent year-over-year comparison. 
 Effective in April 2021, as contemplated by the F/L Partnership's merchandising agreement and e-commerce agreement, we began to transition the fulfillment of our logo general merchandise sales to Lids and Fanatics. The transition to Lids for campus stores was effective in April 2021, and the e-commerce websites transitioned to Fanatics throughout Fiscal 2022. As the logo general merchandise sales are fulfilled by Lids and Fanatics, we recognize commission revenue earned for these sales on a net basis in our consolidated financial statements, as compared to the recognition of logo general merchandise sales on a gross basis in the periods prior to the transition. 
 We believe the current Retail Gross Comparable Store Sales calculation method reflects management s view that such comparable store sales are an important measure of the growth in sales when evaluating how established stores have performed over time. We present this metric as additional useful information about the Company s operational and financial performance and to allow greater transparency with respect to important metrics used by management for operating and financial decision-making. Retail Gross Comparable Store Sales are also referred to as "same-store" sales by others within the retail industry and the method of calculating comparable store sales varies across the retail industry. As a result, our calculation of comparable store sales is not necessarily comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies and is intended only as supplemental information and is not a substitute for net sales presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 Retail Gross Comparable Store Sales variances for Retail by category for the 52 week period are as follows: 
 Dollars in millions 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022 May 1, 2021 Textbooks (Course Materials) 21.2 2.3 (158.4) (15.2) General Merchandise 219.5 75.6 (256.2) (47.0) Total Retail Gross Comparable Store Sales 240.7 19.6 (414.6) (26.1) 
 Wholesale 
 Wholesale sales decreased by 53.6 million, or 32.3 , to 112.2 million during the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022 from 165.8 million during the 52 weeks ended May 1, 2021. The decrease is primarily due to lower gross sales impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, including supply constraints resulting from the lack of on campus textbook buyback opportunities during the prior fiscal year, a decrease in customer demand resulting from a shift in buying patterns from physical textbooks to digital products, and lower demand from other third-party clients, partially offset by lower returns and allowances. During the prior year period, the Wholesale operations assumed direct-to-student fulfillment of course material orders for the Retail Segment campus bookstores that were not fully operational due to COVID-19 campus store closures, whereas the sales shifted back to the physical bookstores in Fiscal 2022. 
 Cost of Sales and Gross Margin 
 Our cost of sales decreased as a percentage of sales to 77.1 during the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022 compared to 83.6 during the 52 weeks ended May 1, 2021. Our gross margin increased by 112.5 million, or 48.8 , to 342.8 million, or 22.9 of sales, during the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022 from 230.3 million, or 16.4 of sales, during the 52 weeks ended May 1, 2021. 
 During the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022 and May 1, 2021, we recognized a merchandise inventory loss and write-off of 0.4 million and 15.0 million, respectively, in cost of goods sold in the Retail Segment discussed below. Excluding the merchandise inventory loss and write-off, cost of goods sold and gross margin was 77.1 and 22.9 , respectively, of sales during the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022 compared to 82.6 and 17.4 , respectively, of sales during the 52 weeks ended May 1, 2021. For additional information, see Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 1. Organization and Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Merchandise Inventories. 
 Retail 
 The following table summarizes the Retail cost of sales: 
 52 weeks ended 52 weeks ended Dollars in thousands April 30, 2022 of Related Sales May 1, 2021 of Related Sales Product and other cost of sales 
 1,040,022 79.6 1,047,613 87.6 Rental cost of sales 
 76,659 57.5 87,240 65.0 Total Cost of Sales 
 1,116,681 77.6 1,134,853 85.3 
 49 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 The following table summarizes the Retail gross margin: 
 52 weeks ended 52 weeks ended Dollars in thousands April 30, 2022 of Related Sales May 1, 2021 of Related Sales Product and other gross margin 266,288 20.4 148,707 12.4 Rental gross margin 56,695 42.5 46,910 35.0 Gross Margin 322,983 22.4 195,617 14.7 
 For the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022, the Retail gross margin as a percentage of sales increased as discussed below: 
 Product and other gross margin increased (800 basis points), driven primarily by a favorable sales mix (410 basis points) due to higher general merchandise sales and higher margin rates (445 basis points) due to lower inventory reserves and lower markdowns, partially offset by an inventory merchandise loss of 0.4 million related to the finalization of the sale of our logo and emblematic general merchandise inventory below cost to Lids which occurred in the fourth quarter in Fiscal 2021. The increase in margin was also partially offset by higher contract costs as a percentage of sales related to our college and university contracts (60 basis points) resulting from contract renewals and new store contracts. 
 Rental gross margin increased (750 basis points), driven primarily by lower contract costs as a percentage of sales related to our college and university contracts (750 basis points) and a favorable rental mix (50 basis points), partially offset by lower rental margin rates (50 basis points). 
 Wholesale 
 The cost of sales and gross margin for Wholesale were 92.5 million, or 82.4 of sales, and 19.8 million, or 17.6 of sales, respectively, during the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022. The cost of sales and gross margin for Wholesale were 131.1 million, or 79.1 of sales, and 34.7 million, or 20.9 of sales, respectively, during the 52 weeks ended May 1, 2021. The gross margin decreased to 17.6 during the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022 from 20.9 during the 52 weeks ended May 1, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to the unfavorable impact of returns and allowances and higher markdowns, partially offset by a favorable sales mix. 
 Intercompany Eliminations 
 During the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022 and 52 weeks ended May 1, 2021, sales eliminations were 56.2 million and 89.8 million, respectively. These sales eliminations represent the elimination of Wholesale sales and fulfillment service fees to Retail and the elimination of Retail commissions earned from Wholesale. 
 During the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022 and 52 weeks ended May 1, 2021, the cost of sales eliminations were 56.2 million and 89.8 million, respectively. These cost of sales eliminations represent (i) the recognition of intercompany profit for Retail inventory that was purchased from Wholesale in a prior period that was subsequently sold to external customers during the current period and the elimination of Wholesale service fees charged for fulfillment of inventory for virtual store sales, net of (ii) the elimination of intercompany profit for Wholesale inventory purchases by Retail that remain in ending inventory at the end of the current period. 
 During both 52 weeks periods ended April 30, 2022 and 52 weeks ended May 1, 2021, the gross margin eliminations was 0.1 million. The gross margin eliminations reflect the net impact of the sales eliminations and cost of sales eliminations during the above mentioned reporting periods. 
 Selling and Administrative Expenses 
 52 weeks ended 52 weeks ended Dollars in thousands April 30, 2022 of Sales May 1, 2021 of Sales Selling and Administrative Expenses 353,968 23.7 316,164 22.5 
 During the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022, selling and administrative expenses increased by 37.8 million, or 12.0 , to 354.0 million from 316.2 million during the 52 weeks ended May 1, 2021. The variances by segment are discussed by segment below. The increase in selling and administrative expenses is primarily related to re-opening stores that had temporarily closed due to the COVID-19 pandemic in the prior year. 
 Retail 
 For Retail, selling and administrative expenses increased by 37.0 million, or 13.3 , to 315.1 million during the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022 from 278.1 million during the 52 weeks ended May 1, 2021. This increase was primarily due to a 34.5 million increase in stores payroll and operating expenses including comparable stores, virtual stores and new/closed 
 50 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 stores payroll and operating expenses, and a 2.5 million increase in corporate payroll, infrastructure and product development costs. The payroll increase is primarily related to re-opening stores that had temporarily closed due to the COVID-19 pandemic in the prior year. 
 Wholesale 
 For Wholesale, selling and administrative expenses decreased by 0.1 million, or 0.5 , to 16.0 million during the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022 from 16.1 million during the 52 weeks ended May 1, 2021. The decrease in selling and administrative expenses was primarily driven by lower compensation expense and lower operating costs. 
 Corporate Services 
 Corporate Services' selling and administrative expenses increased by 0.9 million, or 4.2 , to 23.0 million during the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022 from 22.1 million during the 52 weeks ended May 1, 2021. The increase was primarily due to higher professional services costs. 
 Depreciation and Amortization Expense 
 52 weeks ended 52 weeks ended Dollars in thousands April 30, 2022 of Sales May 1, 2021 of Sales Depreciation and Amortization Expense 42,124 2.8 45,204 3.2 
 Depreciation and amortization expense decreased by 3.1 million, or 6.8 , to 42.1 million during the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022 from 45.2 million during the 52 weeks ended May 1, 2021. The decrease was primarily attributable to lower depreciable assets and intangibles due to the store impairment loss recognized during Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021. See impairment loss discuss below. 
 Impairment loss (non-cash) 
 We review our long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable in accordance with ASC 360-10, Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets . For information, see Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 6. Fair Value Measurements . 
 During the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022, we evaluated certain of our store-level long-lived assets in the Retail segment for impairment. Based on the results of the impairment tests, we recognized an impairment loss (non-cash) of 6.4 million (both pre-tax and after-tax), comprised of 0.7 million, 1.8 million, 3.7 million and 0.2 million of property and equipment, operating lease right-of-use assets, amortizable intangibles, and other noncurrent assets, respectively, on the consolidated statement of operations. 
 During the 52 weeks ended May 1, 2021, we evaluated certain of our store-level long-lived assets in the Retail segment for impairment. Based on the results of the impairment tests, we recognized an impairment loss (non-cash) of 27.6 million, 20.5 million after-tax, comprised of 5.1 million, 13.3 million, 6.3 million and 2.9 million of property and equipment, operating lease right-of-use assets, amortizable intangibles, and other noncurrent assets, respectively, on the consolidated statement of operations. 
 Restructuring and other charges 
 During the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022, we recognized restructuring and other charges totaling 1.0 million, comprised primarily of 1.3 million for severance and other employee termination and benefit costs associated with elimination of various positions as part of cost reduction objectives and 1.8 million for costs associated with professional service costs for restructuring, process improvements, development and integration associated with the F/L Partnership, shareholder activist activities, and liabilities for a facility closure, partially offset by a 2.1 million in an actuarial gain related to a frozen retirement benefit plan (non-cash). 
 During the 52 weeks ended May 1, 2021, we recognized restructuring and other charges totaling 10.1 million, comprised primarily of 6.0 million for severance and other employee termination and benefit costs associated with elimination of various positions as part of cost reduction objectives, 5.7 million for professional service costs related to restructuring, process improvements, the financial advisor strategic review process, costs related to development and integration associated with F/L partnership agreements and shareholder activist activities, and liabilities for a facility closure, partially offset by a 1.6 million in an actuarial gain related to a frozen retirement benefit plan (non-cash). 
 51 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 Operating Loss 
 52 weeks ended 52 weeks ended Dollars in thousands April 30, 2022 of Sales May 1, 2021 of Sales Operating Loss (60,615) (4.1) (168,762) (12.0) 
 Our operating loss was (60.6) million during the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022 compared to operating loss of (168.8) million during the 52 weeks ended May 1, 2021. This operating loss decrease was due to the matters discussed above. 
 For the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022, excluding the 0.4 million of merchandise inventory loss and write-off, 1.0 million of restructuring and other charges and the 6.4 million impairment loss (non-cash), all discussed above, operating loss was (52.8) million (or (3.5) of sales). 
 For the 52 weeks ended May 1, 2021, excluding the 15.0 million of merchandise inventory loss and write-off, 10.1 million of restructuring and other charges and the 27.6 million impairment loss (non-cash), all discussed above, operating loss was (116.1) million (or (8.3) of sales). 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 52 weeks ended Dollars in thousands April 30, 2022 May 1, 2021 Interest Expense, Net 10,096 8,087 
 Net interest expense increased by 2.0 million to 10.1 million during the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022 from 8.1 million during the 52 weeks ended May 1, 2021 primarily due to higher borrowings compared to the prior year. 
 Income Tax Benefit 
 52 weeks ended 52 weeks ended Dollars in thousands April 30, 2022 Effective Rate May 1, 2021 Effective Rate Income Tax Benefit 
 (9,152) 12.9 (43,280) 24.5 
 
 We recorded an income tax benefit of (9.2) million on a pre-tax loss of (70.7) million during the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022, which represented an effective income tax rate of 12.9 and an income tax benefit of (43.3) million on a pre-tax loss of (176.8) million during the 52 weeks ended May 1, 2021, which represented an effective income tax rate of 24.5 . 
 The effective tax rate for the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022 is significantly lower as compared to the prior year comparable period due to the change in pre-tax loss and the change in the assessment of the realization of deferred tax assets as compared to prior year loss carrybacks. 
 Impact of U.S. Tax Reform 
 On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (The CARES Act was enacted. We have analyzed the provisions, which provide for a technical correction to allow for full expensing of qualified leasehold improvements, modifications to charitable contribution and net operating loss limitations NOLs ), modifications to the deductibility of business interest expense, as well as Alternative Minimum Tax AMT credit acceleration. The most significant impact of the legislation for the Company was an income tax benefit of 7.2 million for the carryback of NOLs to higher tax rate years, recorded in Fiscal 2021. As of April 30, 2022, we reported a current income tax receivable for NOL carrybacks of 30.5 million in prepaid and other current assets on the consolidated balance sheet. We received a 7.8 million refund in the second quarter of Fiscal 2022 and expect to receive the additional refunds of approximately 22.7 million. 
 Net Loss from Continuing Operations 
 52 weeks ended Dollars in thousands April 30, 2022 May 1, 2021 Net Loss from Continuing Operations (61,559) (133,569) 
 As a result of the factors discussed above, we reported a net loss from continuing operations of (61.6) million during the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022, compared with a net loss from continuing operations of (133.6) million during the 52 weeks ended May 1, 2021. Adjusted Earnings (non-GAAP) is (53.4) million during the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022, compared with (93.9) million during the 52 weeks ended May 1, 2021. See Adjusted Earnings (non-GAAP) discussion below. 
 52 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 Use of Non-GAAP Measures - Adjusted Earnings, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA by Segment, and Free Cash Flow 
 To supplement our results prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ), we use the measure of Adjusted Earnings, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA by Segment, and Free Cash Flow, which are non-GAAP financial measures under Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC regulations. We define Adjusted Earnings as net income from continuing operations adjusted for certain reconciling items that are subtracted from or added to net income (loss) from continuing operations. We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) from continuing operations plus (1) depreciation and amortization; (2) interest expense and (3) income taxes, (4) as adjusted for items that are subtracted from or added to net income (loss) from continuing operations. We define Free Cash Flow as Cash Flows from Operating Activities less capital expenditures, cash interest and cash taxes. 
 To properly and prudently evaluate our business, we encourage you to review our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-K, the reconciliation of Adjusted Earnings to net income (loss) from continuing operations, the reconciliation of consolidated Adjusted EBITDA to consolidated net income (loss) from continuing operations, and the reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA by Segment to net income (loss) from continuing operations by segment, the most directly comparable financial measure presented in accordance with GAAP, set forth in the tables below. All of the items included in the reconciliations below are either (i) non-cash items or (ii) items that management does not consider in assessing our on-going operating performance. 
 These non-GAAP financial measures are not intended as substitutes for and should not be considered superior to measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. In addition, our use of these non-GAAP financial measures may be different from similarly named measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. 
 We review these non-GAAP financial measures as internal measures to evaluate our performance at a consolidated level and at a segment level and manage our operations. We believe that these measures are useful performance measures which are used by us to facilitate a comparison of our on-going operating performance on a consistent basis from period-to-period. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures provide for a more complete understanding of factors and trends affecting our business than measures under GAAP can provide alone, as they exclude certain items that management believes do not reflect the ordinary performance of our operations in a particular period. Our Board of Directors and management also use Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA by Segment, at a consolidated and at a segment level, as one of the primary methods for planning and forecasting expected performance, for evaluating on a quarterly and annual basis actual results against such expectations, and as a measure for performance incentive plans. Management also uses Adjusted EBITDA by Segment to determine segment capital allocations. We believe that the inclusion of Adjusted Earnings, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted EBITDA by Segment results provides investors useful and important information regarding our operating results, in a manner that is consistent with management's evaluation of business performance. We believe that Free Cash Flow provides useful additional information concerning cash flow available to meet future debt service obligations and working capital requirements and assists investors in their understanding of our operating profitability and liquidity as we manage the business to maximize margin and cash flow. 
 Consolidated Adjusted Earnings (non-GAAP) - Continuing Operations 
 52 weeks ended Dollars in thousands April 29, 2023 April 30, 2022 (a) 
 May 1, 2021 (a) 
 Net loss from continuing operations (b) 
 (90,140) (61,559) (133,569) Reconciling items, after-tax (below) 
 16,137 8,175 39,679 Adjusted Earnings (non-GAAP) (74,003) (53,384) (93,890) Reconciling items, pre-tax Impairment loss (non-cash) (c) 
 6,008 6,411 27,630 Merchandise inventory loss and write-off (c) 
 434 14,960 Content amortization (non-cash) (d) 
 26 386 745 Restructuring and other charges (c) 
 10,103 944 10,107 Reconciling items, pre-tax 16,137 8,175 53,442 Less: Pro forma income tax impact (e) 
 13,763 Reconciling items, after-tax 16,137 8,175 39,679 
 53 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP) - Continuing Operations 
 52 weeks ended Dollars in thousands April 29, 2023 April 30, 2022 (a) 
 May 1, 2021 (a) 
 Net loss from continuing operations (b) 
 (90,140) (61,559) (133,569) Add: Depreciation and amortization expense 42,163 42,124 45,204 Interest expense, net 22,683 10,096 8,087 Income tax expense (benefit) 1,011 (9,152) (43,280) Impairment loss (non-cash) (c) 
 6,008 6,411 27,630 Merchandise inventory loss and write-off (c) 
 434 14,960 Content amortization (non-cash) (d) 
 26 386 745 Restructuring and other charges (c) 
 10,103 944 10,107 Adjusted EBITDA (Non-GAAP) - Continuing Operations (8,146) (10,316) (70,116) Adjusted EBITDA (Non-GAAP) - Discontinued Operations 654 5,524 4,491 Adjusted EBITDA (Non-GAAP) - Total (7,492) (4,792) (65,625) 
 (a) In Fiscal 2022 and 2021, our business experienced an unprecedented and significant impact as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. The impact of which affects the comparability of our results of operations and cash flows. 
 (b) During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, assets related to our Digital Student Solutions ("DSS") Segment met the criteria for classification as Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations. Net Loss from Continuing Operations excludes the results of operations related to the DSS Segment for all years reported above. 
 (c) See Management Discussion and Analysis - Results of Operations discussion above. 
 (d) Earnings are adjusted for amortization expense (non-cash) related to content development costs which are included in cost of goods sold. 
 (e) Represents the income tax effects of the non-GAAP items. 
 
 The following is Adjusted EBITDA - Continuing Operations by Segment for Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022, and Fiscal 2021: 
 Adjusted EBITDA - by Segment 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023 Dollars in thousands Retail Wholesale Corporate Services (b) 
 Eliminations Total Net loss from continuing operations (a) 
 (35,095) (3,050) (51,970) (25) (90,140) Add: Depreciation and amortization expense 36,737 5,373 53 42,163 Interest expense, net 22,683 22,683 Income tax expense 1,011 1,011 Impairment loss (non-cash) (c) 
 6,008 6,008 Content amortization (non-cash) (d) 
 26 26 Restructuring and other charges (c) 
 2,964 916 6,223 10,103 Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP) 10,640 3,239 (22,000) (25) (8,146) 
 54 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 Adjusted EBITDA - by Segment 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022 (e) 
 Dollars in thousands Retail Wholesale Corporate Services (b) 
 Eliminations Total Net (loss) income from continuing operations (a) 
 (37,305) 495 (24,974) 225 (61,559) Add: Depreciation and amortization expense 36,635 5,418 71 42,124 Interest expense, net 10,096 10,096 Income tax benefit (9,152) (9,152) Impairment loss (non-cash) (c) 
 6,411 6,411 Merchandise inventory loss and write-off (c) 
 434 434 Content amortization (non-cash) (d) 
 386 386 Restructuring and other charges (c) 
 2,118 (2,131) 957 944 Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP) 8,679 3,782 (23,002) 225 (10,316) 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA - by Segment 52 weeks ended May 1, 2021 (e) 
 Dollars in thousands Retail Wholesale Corporate Services (b) 
 Eliminations Total Net (loss) income from continuing operations (a) 
 (155,310) 14,732 6,817 192 (133,569) Add: Depreciation and amortization expense 39,634 5,461 109 45,204 Interest expense, net 8,087 8,087 Income tax benefit (43,280) (43,280) Impairment loss (non-cash) (c) 
 27,630 27,630 Merchandise inventory loss and write-off (c) 
 14,960 14,960 Content amortization (non-cash) (d) 
 745 745 Restructuring and other charges (c) 
 5,514 (1,595) 6,188 10,107 Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP) (66,827) 18,598 (22,079) 192 (70,116) 
 (a) During the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2023, assets related to our Digital Student Solutions ("DSS") Segment met the criteria for classification as Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations. Net Loss from Continuing Operations excludes the results of operations related to the DSS Segment for all years reported above. 
 (b) Interest expense is reflected in Corporate Services as it is primarily related to our Credit Agreement which funds our operating and financing needs across the organization. Income taxes are reflected in Corporate Services as we record our income tax provision on a consolidated basis. 
 (c) See Management Discussion and Analysis - Results of Operations discussion above. 
 (d) Earnings are adjusted for amortization expense (non-cash) related to content development costs which are included in cost of goods sold. 
 (e) In Fiscal 2022 and 2021, our business experienced an unprecedented and significant impact as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. The impact of which affects the comparability of our results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 55 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP) - Discontinued Operations 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023 April 30, 2022 May 1, 2021 Loss from discontinued operations (11,722) (7,298) (6,241) Add: Depreciation and amortization expense 3,155 7,257 7,763 Income tax expense (benefit) 398 497 (1,891) Content amortization (non-cash) 6,594 5,068 4,289 Restructuring and other charges 1,848 571 Transaction costs 381 Adjusted EBITDA (Non-GAAP) - Total 654 5,524 4,491 

Free Cash Flow (non-GAAP) - Continuing Operations 
 52 weeks ended Dollars in thousands April 29, 2023 April 30, 2022 May 1, 2021 Net cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities from continuing operations (a) 
 90,513 (16,195) 27,049 Less: Capital expenditures (b) 
 25,092 33,607 27,562 Cash interest 19,024 8,166 6,778 Cash taxes (refund) paid (16,005) (8,088) 5,823 Free Cash Flow (non-GAAP) 62,402 (49,880) (13,114) 
 (a) The tightening of our available credit commitments, including the elimination and repayment of our seasonal borrowing facility (FILO Facility), has had a significant impact on our liquidity during the year ended April 29, 2023, including our ability to make timely vendor payments and school commission payments resulting in a positive cash flow from operations offset by a use of cash for financing activities. 
 (b) Purchases of property and equipment are also referred to as capital expenditures. Our investing activities consist principally of capital expenditures for contractual capital investments associated with renewing existing contracts, new store construction, and enhancements to internal systems and our website. The following table provides the components of total purchases of property and equipment: 
 Capital Expenditures - Continuing Operations 
 52 weeks ended Dollars in thousands April 29, 2023 April 30, 2022 May 1, 2021 Physical store capital expenditures 13,068 16,206 10,383 Product and system development 10,030 14,867 10,826 Other 1,994 2,534 6,353 Total Capital Expenditures 25,092 33,607 27,562 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP applicable to a going concern. This presentation contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business and does not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from the outcome of the uncertainties described below. 
 Pursuant to ASC 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern ASC 205-40 , management must evaluate whether there are conditions and events, considered in aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for one year after the date that these Consolidated Financial Statements are issued. In accordance with ASC 205-40, management s analysis can only include the potential mitigating impact of management s plans that have not been fully implemented as of the issuance date of these consolidated financial statements if (a) it is probable that 
 56 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 management s plans will be effectively implemented on a timely basis, and (b) it is probable that the plans, when implemented, will alleviate the relevant conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 
 Evaluation in conjunction with the issuance of the April 29, 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Our primary sources of cash are net cash flows from operating activities, funds available under our Credit Agreement, Term Loan Agreement, and short-term vendor financing. Our liquidity is highly dependent on the seasonal nature of our business, particularly with respect to course material sales, as sales are generally highest in the second and third fiscal quarters, when college students generally purchase textbooks for the upcoming Fall and Spring semesters, respectively. As of April 29, 2023, we had 30.9 million of cash on hand, including 16.7 million of restricted cash related to segregated funds for commission due to Fanatics for logo merchandise sales as per the merchandising partnership agreement. 
 We incurred a Net Loss from Continuing Operations of (90.1) million, (61.6) million, and (133.6) million, for the years ended April 29, 2023, April 30, 2022, and May 1, 2021, respectively, and Cash Flow Provided By (Used In) Operating Activities from Continuing Operations of 90.5 million, (16.2) million, and 27.0 million, respectively. The tightening of our available credit commitments, including the elimination and repayment of our seasonal borrowing facility (FILO Facility) of 40.0 million, has had a significant impact on our liquidity during the year ended April 29, 2023, including our ability to make timely vendor payments and school commission payments resulting in a positive cash flow from operations offset by a use of cash for financing activities. 
 Our business was significantly negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic during the years ended April 30, 2022 and May 1, 2021, as many schools adjusted their learning models and on-campus activities. Although most academic institutions have since reopened after the COVID-19 pandemic, the lingering impacts of the pandemic have resulted in changes in customer behaviors, lower enrollments, and an evolving educational landscape which continued to impact our financial results during the year ended April 29, 2023. Some institutions are still providing alternatives to traditional in-person instruction, including online and hybrid learning options and significantly reduced classroom sizes. The impact of COVID-19 store closings, as well as lower earnings during the year ended April 29, 2023, resulted in the loss of cash flows and increased borrowings that we would not otherwise have expected to incur. 
 Our losses and projected cash needs, combined with our current liquidity level, initially raised substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. As discussed below, Management s plan to improve the Company s liquidity and successfully alleviate substantial doubt includes (1) raising additional liquidity a nd (2) taking additional operational restructuring actions. 
 Debt amendments 
 On July 28, 2023, we amended our existing Credit Agreement to (i) extend the maturity date of the Credit Agreement to December 28, 2024, (ii) reduce advance rates with respect to the borrowing base by 1000 basis points on September 2, 2024 (in lieu of the reductions previously contemplated for September 2023), (iii) subject to the conditions set forth in such amendment, add a CARES Act tax refund claim to the borrowing base, from April 1, 2024 through July 31, 2024, (iv) amend the financial maintenance covenant to require Availability (as defined in the Credit Agreement) at all times greater than the greater of (x) 10 of the Aggregate Loan Cap (as defined in the Credit Agreement) and (y) (A) 32.5 million minus, subject to the conditions set forth in such amendment, (B) (a) 7.5 million for the period of April 1, 2024 through and including April 30, 2024, (b) 2.5 million for the period of May 1, 2024 through and including May 31, 2024 and (c) 0 at all other times, (v) add a minimum Consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the Credit Agreement) financial maintenance covenant, and (vi) amend certain negative and affirmative covenants and add certain additional covenants, all as more particularly set forth in such amendment. The amendment also requires that we appoint a Chief Restructuring Officer and that, by August 11, 2023, we (i) appoint two independent members to the board of directors of the Company from prospective candidates that have been previously disclosed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and (ii) appoint a committee of the board of directors of the Company to consist of three board members (two of whom will be the new independent directors). The committee s responsibilities will include, among other things, to explore, consider, solicit expressions of interest or proposals for, respond to any communications, inquiries or proposals regarding, and advise as to all strategic alternatives to effect a Specified Liquidity Transaction (as defined in the Credit Agreement). There can be no guarantee or assurances that any such transaction or transactions be consummated. We must pay (i) a fee of 0.50 of the outstanding principal amount of the commitments under the Credit Agreement March 2023 amendment (as defined in the Credit Agreement) on the closing date (in lieu of the deferred fee previously contemplated in connection with the March 2023 amendment (as defined in the Credit Agreement)) and (ii) a fee of 1.00 of the outstanding principal amount of the commitments under the Credit Agreement as of the closing date on the earlier to occur of September 2, 2024 and an Event of Default (as defined in the Credit Agreement). 
 On July 28, 2023, we amended our Term Loan to (i) extend the maturity date of the Term Loan Agreement to April 7, 2025, (ii) allow for interest to be paid in kind until September 2, 2024, (iii) amend the 1.50 anniversary fee to recur on June 7 of each year that the Term Loan Agreement remains outstanding, with 2024 fee deferred to the earlier of September 2, 2024 and 
 57 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 the Termination Date (as defined in the Term Loan Agreement) and (iv) amend certain negative and affirmative covenants and add certain additional covenants. We must pay a fee of 0.05 million to the lenders under the Term Loan Agreement on the earlier of September 2, 2024 and the Termination Date (as defined in the Term Loan Agreement). 
 Operational restructuring plans 
 We have implemented a significant cost reduction program designed to streamline our operations, maximize productivity and drive profitability. We have taken steps to significantly reduce our workforce during non-rush seasonal sales periods, eliminated duplicate administrative headcounts at all levels, implemented improved system development processes to reduce maintenance costs. reduced capital expenditures, and evaluated operating contractual obligations for cost savings. We have achieved meaningful cost savings from this program of approximately 17 million d uring the year ended April 29, 2023. These initiatives are expected to provide annualized savings of 30 million to 35 million in Fiscal 2024. Management's plans over the next twelve months include the further reduction of gross capital expenditures and other cost saving measures of approximately 25 million. Management believes that these plans are within its control and probable of being implemented on a timely basis. 
 Management believes that the expected impact on our liquidity and cash flows resulting from the Debt amendments and the operational initiatives outlined above are sufficient to enable the Company to meet its obligations for at least twelve months from the issuance date of these consolidated financial statements and alleviate the conditions that initially raised substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. 
 See Part I - Risk Factors - We are dependent upon access to the capital markets, bank credit facilities, and short-term vendor financing for liquidity needs. 
 Sources and Uses of Cash Flow - Continuing Operations 
 Dollars in thousands Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Net cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities from continuing operations 90,513 (16,195) 27,049 Net cash flows used in investing activities from continuing operations (24,501) (32,735) (27,227) Net cash flows (used in) provided by financing activities from continuing operations (49,675) 45,721 11,799 Net change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash from continuing operations 16,337 (3,209) 11,621 
 As of April 29, 2023, April 30, 2022 and May 1, 2021, we had cash of 14.2 million, 8.8 million and 7.4 million, respectively. As of April 29, 2023, April 30, 2022, and May1, 2021, we had restricted cash of 16.7 million, 11.5 million, and 8.8 million, respectively, comprised of 15.8 million, 10.6 million, and 7.9 million, respectively, in prepaid and other current assets in the consolidated balance sheet related to segregated funds for commission due to Lids for logo merchandise sales as per the F/L Partnership's merchandising agreement and 0.9 million as of the end of each period in other noncurrent assets in the consolidated balance sheet related to amounts held in trust for future distributions related to employee benefit plans. 
 Cash Flow from Operating Activities from Continuing Operations 
 Our business is highly seasonal. For our retail operations, cash flows from operating activities are typically a source of cash in the second and third fiscal quarters, when students generally purchase and rent textbooks and other course materials for the upcoming semesters based on the typical academic semester. Given the growth of our BNC First Day programs, the timing of cash collection from our school partners may shift to periods subsequent to when the revenue is recognized. When a school adopts our BNC First Day equitable and inclusive access offerings, cash collection from the school generally occurs after the student drop/add dates, which is later in the working capital cycle, particularly in our third quarter given the timing of the Spring Term and our quarterly reporting period, as compared to direct-to-student point-of-sale transactions where cash is generally collected during the point-of-sale transaction or within a few days from the credit card processor. As a higher percentage of our sales shift to BNC First Day equitable and inclusive access offerings, we are focused on efforts to better align the timing of our cash outflows to course material vendors with cash inflows collected from schools, including modifying payment terms in existing and future school contracts. For our wholesale operations, cash flows from operating activities are typically a source of cash in the second and third fiscal quarters, as payments are received from the summer and winter selling season when our wholesale business sell textbooks and other course materials for retail distribution. For both retail and wholesale, cash flows from operating activities are typically a use of cash in the fourth fiscal quarter, when sales volumes are materially lower than the other quarters. Our quarterly cash flows also may fluctuate depending on the timing of the start of the various school s semesters, as well as shifts in our fiscal calendar dates. These shifts in timing may affect the comparability of our results across periods. 
 58 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 Cash flows provided by operating activities from continuing operations during Fiscal 2023 were 90.5 million compared to cash flows used in operating activities from continuing operations of (16.2) million during Fiscal 2022. This increase in cash flows provided by operating activities from continuing operations of 106.7 million was primarily due to improved accounts receivables collections primarily related to our increased adoption of our BNC First Day equitable and inclusive access sales; timing of payables 82.3 million) primarily due to delayed payments to vendors for inventory purchases and expenses and lower right-of-use payments, all of which were delayed resulting from lower borrowing base availability; and higher tax refunds of 7.2 million. Cash flows provided by operating activities from continuing operations were offset by lower earnings and higher interest expense paid of 10.9 million. 
 Cash flows used in operating activities from continuing operations during Fiscal 2022 were (16.2) million compared to cash flows provided by operating activities from continuing operations of 27.0 million during Fiscal 2021. This decrease in cash provided by operating activities of 43.2 million was primarily due to 41.8 million of proceeds received in Fiscal 2021 from the sale of logo merchandise inventory to Lids pursuant to the F/L Partnership agreements and changes in working capital, including higher accounts receivables outstanding and higher inventory purchases, partially offset by improved earnings in Fiscal 2022 compared to Fiscal 2021 and lower tax payments of 14.0 million. Our operations were highly impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic related campus store closures in Fiscal 2021, resulting in lower operating costs and lower inventory purchases in Fiscal 2021. 
 Cash Flow from Investing Activities from Continuing Operations 
 Cash flows used in investing activities from continuing operations during Fiscal 2023 were (24.5) million compared to (32.7) million during Fiscal 2022. The decrease in cash used in investing activities is primarily due to lower capital expenditures and contractual capital investments, enhancements to internal systems and websites, and new store construction. Capital expenditures totaled (25.1) million and (33.6) million during Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022, respectively. 
 Cash flows used in investing activities from continuing operations during Fiscal 2022 were (32.7) million compared to (27.2) million during Fiscal 2021. The increase in cash used in investing activities is primarily due to higher capital expenditures of (33.6) million during Fiscal 2022 compared to (27.6) million during Fiscal 2021. 
 Cash Flow from Financing Activities from Continuing Operations 
 Cash flows used in financing activities from continuing operations during Fiscal 2023 were (49.7) million compared to cash flows provided by financing activities from continuing operations of 45.7 million during Fiscal 2022. The net change is primarily due to higher debt repayments and the payment of deferred financing costs of 7.3 million in Fiscal 2023. Our net debt repayments increased primarily due to a decrease in our eligible borrowing base due to lower inventory and receivables. 
 Cash flows provided by financing activities from continuing operations during Fiscal 2022 were 45.7 million compared to 11.8 million during Fiscal 2021. The net change is primarily due to higher net borrowings, offset by proceeds from the sale of treasury shares of 10.9 million during Fiscal 2021. 
 Financing Arrangements 
 As of Dollars in thousands April 29, 2023 April 30, 2022 Credit Facility 154,154 185,700 FILO Facility 40,000 Term Loan 30,000 sub-total 184,154 225,700 Less: Deferred financing costs (2,003) Total debt 182,151 225,700 Balance Sheet classification: Short-term borrowings 40,000 Long-term borrowings 182,151 185,700 Total debt 182,151 225,700 
 Credit Facility 
 We have a credit agreement (the Credit Agreement ), amended from time to time, including on March 31, 2021 and March 1, 2019, under which the lenders committed to provide us with a 5-year asset-backed revolving credit facility in an aggregate committed principal amount of 400 million (the Credit Facility effective from the March 1, 2019 amendment. We had the option to request an increase in commitments under the Credit Facility of up to 100 million, subject to certain 
 59 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 restrictions. Proceeds from the Credit Facility are used for general corporate purposes, including seasonal working capital needs. The agreement included an incremental first in, last out seasonal loan facility (the FILO Facility for a 100 million maintaining the maximum availability under the Credit Agreement at 500 million. As of July 31, 2022, the FILO Facility was repaid according to its terms and future commitments under the FILO Facility were reduced to 0. 
 On March 8, 2023, we amended our existing Credit Agreement to (i) extend the maturity date of the Credit Agreement by six months to August 29, 2024, (ii) reduce the commitments under the Credit Agreement by 20 million to 380 million, (iii) increase the applicable margin with respect to the interest rate under the Credit Agreement to 3.375 per annum, in the case of interest accruing based on a Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"), and 2.375 , in the case of interest accruing based on an alternative base rate, in each case, without regard to a pricing grid, (iv) reduce advance rates with respect to the borrowing base (x) by 500 basis points upon the achievement of certain liquidity events, which may include a sale of equity interests or of assets (a Specified Event ), or, if such a Specified Event shall not have occurred, on May 31, 2023 (see discussion below) and (y) by an additional 500 basis points on September 29, 2023, (v) amend certain negative covenants and add certain additional covenants, (vi) amend the financial maintenance covenant to require Availability (as defined in the Credit Agreement) to be at all times greater than the greater of 10 of the Aggregate Loan Cap (as defined in the Credit Agreement) and 32.5 million and (vii) require repayment of the loans under the Credit Agreement upon a Specified Event. For additional information related to the Credit Agreement amendment, see the Company s Report on Form 8-K dated March 8, 2023 and filed with the SEC on March 9, 2023. 
 As noted above, the amendment requires the achievement of a Specified Event by no later than May 31, 2023 (as such date may be extended pursuant to the terms for the Credit Agreement). See Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for information related to the sale of our DSS segment on May 31, 2023 . 
 We paid a fee of 0.25 of the outstanding principal amount of the commitments under the Credit Agreement on the amendment closing date, and we will pay an additional fee of 1.00 of the outstanding principal amount of the commitments under the Credit Agreement on September 29, 2023. 
 On May 24, 2023, subsequent to quarter end, we further amended the Credit Agreement to (i) increase the applicable margin with respect to the interest rate under the Credit Agreement to 3.75 per annum, in the case of interest accruing based on SOFR, and 2.75 , in the case of interest accruing based on an alternative base rate, in each case, without regard to a pricing grid, (ii) defer the reduction of advance rates used to calculate our borrowing capacity by an amount equal to 500 basis points previously required on May 31, 2023 to September 1, 2023, (iii) require cash flow reporting and variance testing commencing June 3, 2023 and (iv) defer partial prepayment of the Term Loan from the DSS segment sale proceeds to September 1, 2023. For additional information related to the Credit Agreement amendment, see the Company s Report on Form 8-K dated May 24, 2023 and filed with the SEC on May 31, 2023. 
 On July 28, 2023, we amended our existing Credit Agreement to (i) extend the maturity date of the Credit Agreement to December 28, 2024, (ii) reduce advance rates with respect to the borrowing base by 1000 basis points on September 2, 2024 (in lieu of the reductions previously contemplated for September 2023), (iii) subject to the conditions set forth in such amendment, add a CARES Act tax refund claim to the borrowing base, from April 1, 2024 through July 31, 2024, (iv) amend the financial maintenance covenant to require Availability (as defined in the Credit Agreement) at all times greater than the greater of (x) 10 of the Aggregate Loan Cap (as defined in the Credit Agreement) and (y) (A) 32.5 million minus, subject to the conditions set forth in such amendment, (B) (a) 7.5 million for the period of April 1, 2024 through and including April 30, 2024, (b) 2.5 million for the period of May 1, 2024 through and including May 31, 2024 and (c) 0 at all other times, (v) add a minimum Consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the Credit Agreement) financial maintenance covenant, and (vi) amend certain negative and affirmative covenants and add certain additional covenants, all as more particularly set forth in such amendment. The amendment also requires that we appoint a Chief Restructuring Officer and that, by August 11, 2023, we (i) appoint two independent members to the board of directors of the Company from prospective candidates that have been previously disclosed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and (ii) appoint a committee of the board of directors of the Company to consist of three board members (two of whom will be the new independent directors). The committee s responsibilities will include, among other things, to explore, consider, solicit expressions of interest or proposals for, respond to any communications, inquiries or proposals regarding, and advise as to all strategic alternatives to effect a Specified Liquidity Transaction (as defined in the Credit Agreement). There can be no guarantee or assurances that any such transaction or transactions be consummated. We must pay (i) a fee of 0.50 of the outstanding principal amount of the commitments under the Credit Agreement March 2023 amendment (as defined in the Credit Agreement) on the closing date (in lieu of the deferred fee previously contemplated in connection with the March 2023 amendment (as defined in the Credit Agreement)) and (ii) a fee of 1.00 of the outstanding principal amount of the commitments under the Credit Agreement as of the closing date on the earlier to occur of September 2, 2024 and an Event of Default (as defined in the Credit Agreement). 
 As of April 29, 2023, and through the date of this filing, we were in compliance with all debt covenants under the Credit Agreement. 
 60 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 The Credit Facility is secured by substantially all of the inventory, accounts receivable and related assets of the borrowers under the Credit Facility. This is considered an all asset lien (inclusive of proceeds from tax refunds payable to the Company and a pledge of equity from subsidiaries, exclusive of real estate). 
 During the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023, we borrowed 590.3 million and repaid 631.8 million under the Credit Agreement, with 154.2 million of outstanding borrowings as of April 29, 2023, comprised entirely of borrowings under the Credit Facility and 0 under the FILO Facility, which was repaid on August 1, 2022. During the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022, we borrowed 632.2 million and repaid 584.1 million under the Credit Agreement, with 225.7 million of outstanding borrowings as of April 30, 2022, comprised of outstanding borrowings of 185.7 million and 40.0 million under the Credit Facility and FILO Facility, respectively. During the 52 weeks ended May 1, 2021, we borrowed 722.6 million and repaid 719.7 million under the Credit Agreement, with 177.6 million of outstanding borrowings as of May 1, 2021, comprised of outstanding borrowings of 127.6 million and 50.0 million under the Credit Facility and FILO Facility, respectively. As of both April 29, 2023 and April 30, 2022, we have issued 2.1 million and 4.8 million, respectively, in letters of credit under the Credit Facility. 
 During the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023, April 30, 2022, and May 1, 2021, we incurred debt issuance costs totaling 4.1 million, 0.3 million and 1.1 million, respectively, related to the Credit Facility. The debt issuance costs have been deferred and are presented as prepaid and other current assets and other noncurrent assets in the consolidated balance sheets, and subsequently amortized ratably over the term of the credit agreement. 
 Term Loan 
 On June 7, 2022, we entered into a Term Loan Credit Agreement (the Term Loan Credit Agreement with TopLids LendCo, LLC and Vital Fundco, LLC and we entered into an amendment to our existing Credit Agreement, which permitted us to incur the Term Loan Facility (as defined below). For additional information, see the Company s Report on Form 8-K dated June 7, 2022 and filed with the SEC on June 10, 2022. 
 The Term Loan Credit Agreement provides for term loans in an amount equal to 30,000 (the Term Loan Facility and, the loans thereunder, the Term Loans and matures on June 7, 2024. The proceeds of the Term Loans are being used to finance working capital, and to pay fees and expenses related to the Term Loan Facility. During the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023, we borrowed 30.0 million and repaid 0 under the Term Loan Credit Agreement, with 30.0 million of outstanding borrowings as of April 29, 2023. 
 On March 8, 2023, we amended the Term Loan Credit Agreement to (i) extend the maturity date of the Term Loan Credit Agreement by six months to December 7, 2024, (ii) permit the application of certain proceeds to the repayment of the loans under Credit Agreement and (iii) amend certain negative covenants and add certain additional covenants to conform to the Credit Agreement. In addition, the amendment requires the achievement of a Specified Event (as described above) by no later than May 31, 2023 (as such date may be extended under the Credit Agreement, but no later than August 31, 2023 without consent from lenders under the Term Loan Credit Agreement). We paid a fee of 0.05 million on the amendment closing date to the lenders under the Term Loan Credit Agreement. For additional information related to the Term Loan Agreement amendment, see the Company s Report on Form 8-K dated March 8, 2023 and filed with the SEC on March 9, 2023. 
 On July 28, 2023, we amended our Term Loan to (i) extend the maturity date of the Term Loan Agreement to April 7, 2025, (ii) allow for interest to be paid in kind until September 2, 2024, (iii) amend the 1.50 anniversary fee to recur on June 7 of each year that the Term Loan Agreement remains outstanding, with 2024 fee deferred to the earlier of September 2, 2024 and the Termination Date (as defined in the Term Loan Agreement) and (iv) amend certain negative and affirmative covenants and add certain additional covenants. We must pay a fee of 0.05 million to the lenders under the Term Loan Agreement on the earlier of September 2, 2024 and the Termination Date (as defined in the Term Loan Agreement). 
 During the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023, we incurred debt issuance costs totaling 3.2 million related to the Term Loan. The debt issuance costs have been deferred and are presented as a reduction to the long-term borrowing in the consolidated balance sheets, and subsequently amortized ratably over the term of the Term Loan Facility. 
 The Term Loans accrue interest at a rate equal to 11.25 , payable quarterly. We have the right, through December 31, 2022, to pay all or a portion of the interest on the Term Loans in kind. To date, all interest on the term loan has been paid in cash. The Term Loans do not amortize prior to maturity. Solely to the extent that any Term Loans remain outstanding on June 7, 2023, we paid a fee of 1.5 of the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans on such date. 
 The Term Loan Credit Agreement does not contain a financial covenant, but otherwise contains representations and warranties, covenants and events of default that are substantially the same as those in the Credit Agreement, including restrictions on the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to incur additional debt, incur or permit liens on assets, make investments and acquisitions, consolidate or merge with any other company, engage in asset sales and make dividends and distributions. The Term Loan Facility is secured by second-priority liens on all assets securing the obligations under the Credit 
 61 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 Agreement, which is all of the assets of the Company and the Guarantors, subject to customary exclusions and limitations set forth in the Term Loan Credit Agreement and the other loan documents executed in connection therewith. 
 The Credit Agreement amendment permitted us to incur the Term Loan Facility and also provides that, upon repayment of the Term Loan Credit Agreement (and, if applicable, any replacement credit facility thereof), we may incur second lien secured debt in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 75.0 million. 
 Income Tax Implications on Liquidity 
 For the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022, we filed an application to change our tax year from January to April under the automatic consent provisions. As a result of the tax year-end change, there is no longer a long-term tax payable associated with the LIFO reserve in other long-term liabilities. 
 We have filed our federal income tax returns for the tax year ended January 2021, as well claims for refunds for cash taxes paid in prior years. We received refunds of 7.8 million in Fiscal 2022 and 15.8 million in Fiscal 2023. We expect to receive additional refunds of approximately 10.0 million. 
 Share Repurchases 
 On December 14, 2015, our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program of up to 50 million, in the aggregate, of our outstanding common stock. The stock repurchase program is carried out at the direction of management (which may include a plan under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). The stock repurchase program may be suspended, terminated, or modified at any time. Any repurchased shares will be held as treasury stock and will be available for general corporate purposes. During Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021, and Fiscal 2020, we did not purchase shares under the stock repurchase program. As of April 29, 2023, approximately 26.7 million remains available under the stock repurchase program. 
 During Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022, and Fiscal 2021, we also repurchased 347,808 shares, 239,751 shares, and 414,174 shares, respectively, of our common stock in connection with employee tax withholding obligations for vested stock awards. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 The following table sets forth our contractual obligations (in millions): 
 Payments Due by Period Total Less Than 1 Year 1-3 Years 3-5 Years More Than 5 Years Credit Facility (a) 
 154.2 154.2 Term Loans (a) 
 30.0 30.0 Lease obligations (excluding imputed interest) (b) 
 321.0 111.9 94.9 55.0 59.2 Purchase obligations (c) 
 17.1 12.3 4.3 0.5 Other long-term liabilities reflected on the balance sheet under GAAP (d) 
 Total 522.3 124.2 283.4 55.5 59.2 
 (a) As of April 29, 2023, we had a total of 184.2 million of outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility and Term Loan. See Financing Arrangements discussion above. 
 (b) Our contracts for physical bookstores with colleges and universities are typically five years with renewal options, but can range from one to 15 years, and are typically cancelable by either party without penalty with 90 to 120 days' notice. Annual projections are based on current minimum guarantee amounts. In approximately 50 of our contracts with colleges and universities that include minimum guarantees, the minimum guaranteed amounts adjust annually to equal less than the prior year's commission earned. Excludes obligations under store leases for property insurance and real estate taxes, which totaled approximately 2.6 of the minimum rent payments under those leases. 
 (c) Includes information technology contracts. 
 (d) Other long-term liabilities excludes expected payments related to employee benefit plans. See Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 11. Employee Benefit Plans . 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions 
 See Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 10. Related Party Transactions . 
 62 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP applicable to a going concern. This presentation contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business and does not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from the outcome of the uncertainties described below. Pursuant to ASC 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern ASC 205-40 , management must evaluate whether there are conditions and events, considered in aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for one year after the date that these consolidated financial statements are issued. In accordance with ASC 205-40, management s analysis can only include the potential mitigating impact of management s plans that have not been fully implemented as of the issuance date of these consolidated financial statements if (a) it is probable that management s plans will be effectively implemented on a timely basis, and (b) it is probable that the plans, when implemented, will alleviate the relevant conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 
 In preparing our consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP, we are required to use judgment in making estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and related notes. In preparing these financial statements, management has made its best estimates and judgments with respect to certain amounts included in the financial statements, giving due consideration to materiality. We do not believe there is a great likelihood that materially different amounts would be reported related to the accounting policies described below. However, application of these accounting policies involves the exercise of judgment and use of assumptions as to future uncertainties and, as a result, actual results could differ from these estimates. 
 Revenue Recognition and Deferred Revenue 
 Product sales and rentals 
 The majority of our revenue is derived from the sale of products through our bookstore locations, including virtual bookstores, and our bookstore affiliated e-commerce websites, and contains a single performance obligation. Revenue from sales of our products is recognized at the point in time when control of the products is transferred to our customers in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for the products. For additional information, see Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 3. Revenue. 
 Retail product revenue is recognized when the customer takes physical possession of our products, which occurs either at the point of sale for products purchased at physical locations or upon receipt of our products by our customers for products ordered through our websites and virtual bookstores. Wholesale product revenue is recognized upon shipment of physical textbooks at which point title passes and risk of loss is transferred to the customer. Additional revenue is recognized for shipping charges billed to customers and shipping costs are accounted for as fulfillment costs within cost of goods sold. 
 Revenue from the sale of digital textbooks, which contains a single performance obligation, is recognized at the point of sale as product revenue in our consolidated financial statements. A software feature is embedded within the content of our digital textbooks, such that upon expiration of the term the customer is no longer able to access the content. While the sale of the digital textbook allows the customer to access digital content for a fixed period of time, once the digital content is delivered to the customer, our performance obligation is complete. 
 Revenue from the rental of physical textbooks, which contains a single performance obligation, is deferred and recognized over the rental period based on the passage of time commencing at the point of sale, when control of the product transfers to the customer. Rental periods are typically for a single semester and are always less than one year in duration. We offer a buyout option to allow the purchase of a rented physical textbook at the end of the rental period if the customer desires to do so. We record the buyout purchase when the customer exercises and pays the buyout option price which is determined at the time of the buyout. In these instances, we accelerate any remaining deferred rental revenue at the point of sale. 
 Revenue for our BNC First Day offerings are recognized consistent with our policies outlined above for product, digital and rental sales, net of an anticipated opt-out or return provision. Given the growth of BNC First Day programs, the timing of cash collection from our school partners may shift to periods subsequent to when the revenue is recognized. When a school adopts our BNC First Day equitable and inclusive access offerings, cash collection from the school generally occurs after the student drop/add dates, which is later in the working capital cycle, particularly in our third quarter given the timing of the Spring Term and our quarterly reporting period, as compared to direct-to-student point-of-sale transactions where cash is generally collected during the point-of-sale transaction or within a few days from the credit card processor. 
 We estimate returns based on an analysis of historical experience. A provision for anticipated merchandise returns is provided through a reduction of sales and cost of goods sold in the period that the related sales are recorded. 
 For sales and rentals involving third-party products, we evaluate whether we are acting as a principal or an agent. Our determination is based on our evaluation of whether we control the specified goods or services prior to transferring them to the customer. There are significant judgments involved in determining whether we control the specified goods or services prior to transferring them to the customer including whether we have the ability to direct the use of the good or service and obtain 
 63 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 substantially all of the remaining benefits from the good or service. For those transactions where we are the principal, we record revenue on a gross basis, and for those transactions where we are an agent to a third-party, we record revenue on a net basis. 
 Effective in April 2021, as contemplated by the F/L Partnership's merchandising agreement and e-commerce agreement, we began to transition the fulfillment of our logo general merchandise sales to Lids and Fanatics. The transition to Lids for campus stores was effective in April 2021, and the e-commerce websites transitioned to Fanatics throughout Fiscal 2022. As the logo general merchandise sales are fulfilled by Lids and Fanatics, we recognize commission revenue earned for these sales on a net basis in our consolidated financial statements, as compared to the recognition of logo general merchandise sales on a gross basis in the periods prior to the transition. 
 We do not have gift card or customer loyalty programs. We do not treat any promotional offers as expenses. Sales tax collected from our customers is excluded from reported revenues. Our payment terms are generally 30 days and do not extend beyond one year. 
 Service and other revenue 
 Service and other revenue is primarily derived from partnership marketing services which includes promotional activities and advertisements within our physical bookstores and web properties performed on behalf of third-party customers, shipping and handling, and revenue from other programs. 
 Partnership marketing agreements often include multiple performance obligations which are individually negotiated with our customers. For these arrangements that contain distinct performance obligations, we allocate the transaction price based on the relative standalone selling price method by comparing the standalone selling price SSP of each distinct performance obligation to the total value of the contract. The revenue is recognized as each performance obligation is satisfied, typically at a point in time for partnership marketing service and overtime for advertising efforts as measured based upon the passage of time for contracts that are based on a stated period of time or the number of impressions delivered for contracts with a fixed number of impressions. 
 Merchandise Inventories 
 Merchandise inventories, which consist of finished goods, are stated at the lower of cost or market. Market value of our inventory, which is all purchased finished goods, is determined based on its estimated net realizable value, which is generally the selling price less normally predictable costs of disposal and transportation. 
 Cost is determined primarily by the retail inventory method for our Retail Segment. Our textbook and trade book inventories, for Retail and Wholesale Segments, are valued using the LIFO method and the related reserve was not material to the recorded amount of our inventories. There were no LIFO adjustments in Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022, and Fiscal 2021. 
 Reserves for non-returnable inventory are based on our history of liquidating non-returnable inventory. Reserve calculations are sensitive to certain significant assumptions, including markdowns, sales below cost, inventory aging and expected demand. We do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions used to calculate the non-returnable inventory reserve. However, if assumptions based on our history of liquidating non-returnable inventory are incorrect, we may be exposed to losses or gains that could be material. A 10 change in actual non-returnable inventory would have affected pre-tax earnings by approximately 6.0 million in Fiscal 2023. 
 For our physical bookstores, we also estimate and accrue shortage for the period between the last physical count of inventory and the balance sheet date. Shortage rates are estimated and accrued based on historical rates and can be affected by changes in merchandise mix and changes in actual shortage trends. We do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions used to calculate shortage rates. However, if our estimates regarding shortage rates are incorrect, we may be exposed to losses or gains that could be material. A 10 basis point change in actual shortage rates would have affected pre-tax earnings by approximately 0.3 million in Fiscal 2023. 
 Textbook Rental Inventories 
 Physical textbooks out on rent are categorized as textbook rental inventories. At the time a rental transaction is consummated, the book is removed from merchandise inventories and moved to textbook rental inventories at cost. The cost of the book is amortized down to its estimated residual value over the rental period. The related amortization expense is included in cost of goods sold. At the end of the rental period, upon return, the book is removed from textbook rental inventories and recorded in merchandise inventories at its amortized cost. We do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions used to calculate rental cost of goods sold. However, if our estimates regarding residual value are incorrect, we may be exposed to losses or gains that could be material. A 10 change in rental cost of goods sold would have affected pre-tax earnings by approximately 3.3 million in Fiscal 2023. 
 Long-Term Incentive Compensation 
 The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of long-term incentive compensation payment awards represent management s best estimates, but these estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management s judgment. See Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 12. Long-Term Incentive Compensation Expense . 
 64 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 We are required to estimate the expected forfeiture rate, and only recognize expense for those shares expected to vest. If the actual forfeiture rate is materially different from their estimate, our long-term incentive compensation expense could be significantly different from what we recorded in the current period. For stock options granted with an "at market" exercise price, we determined the grant fair value using the Black-Scholes model and for stock options granted with "a premium" exercise price, we determined the grant date fair value using the Monte Carlo simulation model. The fair value models for stock options use assumptions that include the risk-free interest rate, expected volatility, expected dividend yield and expected term of the options. 
 Phantom shares will be settled in cash based on the fair market value of a share of common stock at each vesting date in an amount not to exceed a specific price per share. The fair value of the phantom shares was determined using the closing stock price on the date of the award less the fair value of the call option which was estimated using the Black-Scholes model. The fair value of the liability for the cash-settled phantom share unit awards is remeasured at the end of each reporting period through settlement to reflect current risk-free rate and volatility assumptions. 
 We do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions used to determine long-term incentive compensation expense. If actual results are not consistent with the assumptions used, the long-term incentive compensation expense reported in our financial statements may not be representative of the actual economic cost of the long-term incentive compensation. A 10 change in our long-term incentive compensation expense would have affected pre-tax earnings by approximately 0.5 million in Fiscal 2023. 
 Evaluation of Other Long-Lived Assets Impairment 
 As of April 29, 2023, our other long-lived assets include property and equipment, operating lease right-of-use assets, amortizable intangibles, and other noncurrent assets of 68.2 million, 247.0 million, 110.6 million, and 17.9 million, respectively, on our consolidated balance sheet. 
 We review our long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable and consider market participants in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 360-10, Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets . We evaluate the long-lived assets of the reporting units for impairment at the lowest asset group level for which individual cash flows can be identified. When evaluating long-lived assets for potential impairment, we first compared the carrying amount of the asset group to the estimated future undiscounted cash flows. The impairment loss calculation compares the carrying amount of the assets to the fair value based on estimated discounted future cash flows. If required, an impairment loss is recorded for that portion of the asset s carrying value in excess of fair value. 
 Our business has been significantly negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, as many schools adjusted their learning models and on-campus activities. Although most academic institutions have since reopened, some are providing alternatives to traditional in-person instruction, including online and hybrid learning options and significantly reduced classroom sizes. Enrollment trends have been negatively impacted overall by COVID-19 concerns at physical campuses. While many athletic conferences resumed their sport activities, other events, such as parent and alumni weekends and prospective student campus tour activities, some may still be curtailed or offer a virtual option. These combined events continue to impact the Company s course materials and general merchandise business. 
 During the third quarter of Fiscal 2023, we evaluated certain of our store-level long-lived assets in the Retail segment for impairment. Based on the results of the impairment tests, we recognized an impairment loss (non-cash) of 6.0 million (both pre-tax and after-tax), comprised of 0.7 million, 1.7 million, and 3.6 million of property and equipment, operating lease right-of-use assets, and amortizable intangibles, respectively, on the consolidated statement of operations. 
 During the third quarter of Fiscal 2022, we evaluated certain of our store-level long-lived assets in the Retail segment for impairment. Based on the results of the impairment tests, we recognized an impairment loss (non-cash) of 6.4 million (both pre-tax and after-tax), comprised of 0.7 million, 1.8 million, 3.7 million and 0.2 million of property and equipment, operating lease right-of-use assets, amortizable intangibles, and other noncurrent assets, respectively, on the consolidated statement of operations. 
 During the third quarter of Fiscal 2021, we evaluated certain of our store-level long-lived assets in the Retail segment for impairment. Based on the results of the impairment tests, we recognized an impairment loss (non-cash) of 27.6 million, 20.5 million after-tax, comprised of 5.1 million, 13.3 million, 6.3 million and 2.9 million of property and equipment, operating lease right-of-use assets, amortizable intangibles, and other noncurrent assets, respectively, on the consolidated statement of operations 
 The fair value of the impaired long-lived assets were determined using an income approach (Level 3 input), using the Company s best estimates of the amount and timing of future discounted cash flows, based on historical experience, market conditions, current trends and performance expectations. For additional information, see Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 6. Fair Value Measurements . 
 65 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 The impairment analysis process requires significant estimation to determine recoverability of each asset group and to determine the fair value of asset groups that were not recoverable, as well as the fair values of certain operating right-of-use assets included within the asset groups that were not recoverable. The significant assumptions used included annual revenue growth rates, gross margin rates and the estimated relationship of selling and administrative costs to revenue used to estimate the projected cash-flow directly related to the future operation of the stores as well as the weighted average cost of capital used to calculate the fair value. Significant assumptions used to determine the fair values of certain operating right-of-use assets included the current market rent and discount rate. These assumptions are subjective in nature and are affected by expectations about future market or economic conditions (including the effects of the global pandemic). 
 We do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions used to calculate long-lived asset impairment losses. However, if actual results are not consistent with estimates and assumptions used in estimating future cash flows and asset fair values, we may be exposed to losses that could be material. A 10 decrease in our estimated discounted cash flows would not have materially affected the results of our operations in Fiscal 2023. 
 Income Taxes 
 Deferred income tax balances reflect the effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax basis and are stated at enacted tax rates expected to be in effect when taxes are actually paid or recovered. FASB guidance on accounting for income taxes requires that deferred tax assets be evaluated for future realization and reduced by a valuation allowance to the extent we believe a portion will not be realized. We consider many factors when assessing the likelihood of future realization of our deferred tax assets, including our recent earnings experience and expectations of future taxable income by taxing jurisdiction, the carryforward periods available to us for tax reporting purposes and other relevant factors. The actual realization of deferred tax assets may differ significantly from the amounts we have recorded. 
 During the ordinary course of business, there are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Accounting for income taxes requires a two-step approach to recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if available evidence indicates it is more likely than not that the tax position will be fully sustained upon review by taxing authorities, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. The second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount with a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. For tax positions that are 50 percent or less likely of being sustained upon audit, we do not recognize any portion of that benefit in the financial statements. We consider many factors when evaluating and estimating our tax positions and tax benefits, which may require periodic adjustments and which may not accurately anticipate actual outcomes. Our actual results could differ materially from our current estimates. 
 
 66 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We generally limit our interest rate risk by investing certain of our excess cash balances in short-term, highly-liquid instruments with an original maturity of one year or less. During Fiscal 2023, we did not have any invested cash balances. We do not expect any material losses from our invested cash balances and we believe that our interest rate exposure is modest. As of April 29, 2023, our cash and cash equivalents totaled approximately 14.2 million. 
 We may from time to time borrow money under the Credit Facility at various interest rate options based on Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") depending upon certain financial tests. Accordingly, we may be exposed to interest rate risk on borrowings outstanding under the Credit Facility. We had 154.2 million of borrowings outstanding under Credit Facility as of April 29, 2023. A 25 basis point increase in interest rates or 25 basis point decrease in interest rates would affect interest expense by approximately less than 0.1 million in Fiscal 2023. 
 We recognize lease assets and lease liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet for all operating lease arrangements based on the present value of future lease payments. We used our incremental borrowing rates to determine the present value of fixed lease payments based on the information available at the lease commencement date, as the rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. We utilized an estimated collateralized incremental borrowing rate as of the effective date or the commencement date of the lease, whichever is later. A 25 basis point increase in the rate or 25 basis point decrease in the rate would not have materially affected the present value of future lease payments. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 We do not have any material foreign currency exposure as nearly all of our business is transacted in United States currency. 
 67 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT INDEX 
 Page No. Report of Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, on the consolidated financial statements of Barnes Noble Education, Inc. for the years ended April 29, 2023, April 30, 2022, and May 1, 2021 (PCAOB ID 
 69 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended April 29, 2023, April 30, 2022, and May 1, 2021 
 71 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of April 29, 2023 and April 30, 2022 
 72 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended April 29, 2023, April 30, 2022, and May 1, 2021 
 73 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended April 29, 2023, April 30, 2022, and May 1, 2021 
 75 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Note 1. 
 Organization 
 76 
 Note 2. 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 78 
 Note 3. 
 Revenue 
 87 
 Note 4. 
 Segment Reporting 
 88 
 Note 5. 
 Equity and Earnings Per Share 
 91 
 Note 6. 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 92 
 Note 7. 
 Debt 
 93 
 Note 8. 
 Leases 
 95 
 Note 9. 
 Supplementary Information 
 96 
 Note 10. 
 Related Party Transactions 
 97 
 Note 11. 
 Employees Benefit Plans 
 97 
 Note 12. 
 Long-Term Incentive Compensation Expense 
 98 
 Note 13. 
 Income Taxes 
 101 
 Note 14. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 103 
 Note 15. 
 Commitments and Contingencies 
 104 
 Note 16. 
 Selected Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited) 
 104 
 Note 17. 
 Subsequent Events 
 105 
 Financial Statement Schedule 
 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 107 

68 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Barnes Noble Education, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Barnes Noble Education, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of April 29, 2023 and April 30, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended April 29, 2023 and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at April 29, 2023 and April 30, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended April 29, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of April 29, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated July 31, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee of the Company s board of directors and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Non-Returnable Inventory Reserve Description of the Matter As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company reserves for non-returnable inventory based on its history of liquidating non-returnable inventory. 
 Auditing management s estimate of the reserves for non-returnable inventory involved especially subjective auditor judgment as such estimates are based on various factors that are affected by current and future market and economic conditions. In particular, the reserve calculations are sensitive to certain significant assumptions, including markdowns, sales below cost, inventory aging and expected demand. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company's inventory reserve process, including management s review controls over the determination of significant assumptions and the data underlying the calculations of the inventory reserves. 
 
 69 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 Our procedures included, among others, evaluating the significant assumptions, identified above, and testing the accuracy and completeness of the underlying data used in management s inventory reserve calculation. We recalculated the reserve using management s methodology and assumptions, and we evaluated the methodology and the significant assumptions for reasonableness by comparing them to the related actual historical activity and expected future market and economic conditions. We also analyzed the impact of reasonable changes to the significant assumptions on the recorded inventory reserves. 
 Long-Lived Asset Impairment Description of the Matter As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company tests its long-lived assets for impairment if an event occurs or circumstances change that would indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. If the carrying amount of a long-lived asset (group) exceeds its fair value, the asset (group) is written down to its fair value and an impairment charge is recognized. During the fiscal year 2023, the Company recognized an impairment charge of 6.0 million related to long-lived assets at certain of its stores. 
 Auditing the Company's impairment of store long-lived assets was complex and highly judgmental due to the significant estimation required to determine recoverability of each asset group and to determine the fair value of asset groups that were not recoverable, as well as the fair values of certain operating right-of-use assets included within the asset groups that were not recoverable. The significant assumptions used included annual revenue growth rates, gross margin rates and the estimated relationship of selling and administrative costs to revenue used to estimate the projected cash-flow directly related to the future operation of the stores as well as the weighted average cost of capital used to calculate the fair value. Significant assumptions used to determine the fair values of certain operating right-of-use assets included the current market rent and discount rate. These assumptions are subjective in nature and are affected by expectations about future market or economic conditions. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the store long-lived assets impairment process, including controls over the determination of the undiscounted projected cash flows of the stores with indicators of impairment, the fair values of the stores with carrying values that were not recoverable and the fair values of operating right-of-use assets within those stores. We also tested controls over management s review of the significant assumptions described above. 
 Our testing of the Company's impairment analysis included, among other procedures, evaluating the significant assumptions described above and the operating data used to calculate the estimated future cash flows of the stores and to determine fair values. We tested the completeness and accuracy of the data used by the Company in its analysis. We also compared the significant assumptions used to determine the projected cash flows to historical operating results of the stores, management s expectations related to recovery from the pandemic and published third-party information regarding overall college and university enrollment trends; and, we obtained an understanding of the business initiatives supporting the assumptions used to estimate the future cash flows through inquiries of management and inspection of internal and external communications. 
 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2015. 

July 31, 2023 

70 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 BARNES NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023 April 30, 2022 May 1, 2021 Sales: Product sales and other Rental income Total sales Cost of sales (exclusive of depreciation and amortization expense): Product and other cost of sales Rental cost of sales Total cost of sales Gross profit Selling and administrative expenses Depreciation and amortization expense Impairment loss (non-cash) Restructuring and other charges Operating loss ) ) ) Interest expense, net Loss from continuing operations before income taxes ) ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Loss from continuing operations, net of tax ) ) ) Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax of , , and ), respectively 
 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Loss per share of Common Stock Basic and Diluted Continuing operations Discontinued operations Total Basic and Diluted Earnings per share Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding - Basic and Diluted 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 71 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 BARNES NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 As of April 29, 2023 April 30, 2022 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Receivables, net Merchandise inventories, net Textbook rental inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Assets held for sale, current Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Intangible assets, net Deferred tax assets, net Other noncurrent assets Assets held for sale, noncurrent Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Current operating lease liabilities Short-term borrowings Liabilities held for sale Total current liabilities Long-term deferred taxes, net Long-term operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Long-term borrowings Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Stockholders' equity: Preferred stock, par value; authorized, shares; shares issued and shares outstanding 
 Common stock, par value; authorized, shares; issued, and shares, respectively; outstanding, and shares, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit 
 ) ) Treasury stock, at cost ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 72 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 BARNES NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (In thousands) 
 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023 April 30, 2022 May 1, 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) ) Less: Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax ) ) ) Loss from continuing operations, net of tax ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss from continuing operations to net cash flows from operating activities from continuing operations: Depreciation and amortization expense Impairment loss (non-cash) Merchandise inventory loss and write-off Content amortization expense Amortization of deferred financing costs Deferred taxes ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Changes in operating lease right-of-use assets and liabilities ) ) Changes in other long-term assets and liabilities and other, net ) Changes in other operating assets and liabilities, net: Receivables, net ) ) Merchandise inventories ) ) Textbook rental inventories ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) Changes in other operating assets and liabilities, net Net cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities from continuing operations ) Net cash flows provided by operating activities from discontinued operations Net cash flows provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Changes in other noncurrent assets and other Net cash flows used in investing activities from continuing operations ) ) ) Net cash flows used in investing activities from discontinued operations ) ) ) Net cash flows used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from borrowings Repayments of borrowings ) ) ) Payment of deferred financing costs ) ) ) Sale of treasury shares Purchase of treasury shares ) ) ) Proceeds from the exercise of stock options, net Net cash flows (used in) provided by financing activities from continuing operations ) Net cash flows provided by financing activities from discontinued operations Net cash flows (used in) provided by financing activities ) Net increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 73 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period Less: Cash and cash equivalents of discontinued operations at end of period ) ) ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash of continuing operations at end of period Supplemental cash flow information: Cash paid during the period for: Interest paid Income taxes paid (net of refunds) ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 74 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 BARNES NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 (In thousands) 
 
 Additional Common Stock Paid-In Accumulated Treasury Stock Total Shares Amount Capital Deficit Shares Amount Equity Balance at May 2, 2020 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense 
 Vested equity awards 
 ) Sale of treasury shares ) ) Shares repurchased for tax withholdings for vested stock awards 
 ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at May 1, 2021 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense 
 Vested equity awards ) Shares repurchased for tax withholdings for vested stock awards 
 ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Net loss 
 ) ) Balance at April 30, 2022 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense 
 Vested equity awards ) Shares repurchased for tax withholdings for vested stock awards 
 ) ) Net loss 
 ) ) Balance at April 29, 2023 ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

75 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 
 
 BARNES NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Thousands of dollars, except share and per share data) 

 Unless the context otherwise indicates, references in these Notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements to we, us, our and the Company refer to Barnes Noble Education, Inc., or BNED , a Delaware corporation. References to Barnes Noble College refer to our college bookstore business operated through our subsidiary Barnes Noble College Booksellers, LLC. References to MBS refer to our virtual bookstore and wholesale textbook distribution business operated through our subsidiary MBS Textbook Exchange, LLC. 
 
 physical, virtual, and custom bookstores and serve more than million students, delivering essential educational content, tools and general merchandise within a dynamic omnichannel retail environment. 
 The strengths of our business include our ability to compete by developing new products and solutions to meet market needs, our large operating footprint with direct access to students and faculty, our well-established, deep relationships with academic partners and stable, long-term contracts and our well-recognized brands. We provide product and service offerings designed to address the most pressing issues in higher education, including equitable access, enhanced convenience and improved affordability through innovative course material delivery models designed to drive improved student experiences and outcomes. We offer our BNC First Day equitable and inclusive access programs, consisting of First Day Complete and First Day , which provide faculty requested course materials on or before the first day of class at a discounted rate, as compared to the total retail price for the same course materials if purchased separately. The BNC First Day discounted price is offered as a course fee or included in tuition. 
 We expect to continue to introduce scalable and advanced solutions focused largely on the student and customer experience, expand our e-commerce capabilities and accelerate such capabilities through our merchandising partnership with Fanatics Retail Group Fulfillment, LLC, Inc. Fanatics and Fanatics Lids College, Inc. D/B/A "Lids" Lids (collectively referred to herein as the F/L Partnership ), win new accounts, and expand our strategic opportunities through acquisitions and partnerships. We expect gross general merchandise sales to continue to increase over the long term, as our product assortments continue to emphasize and reflect changing consumer trends, and we evolve our presentation concepts and merchandising of products in stores and online, which we expect to be further enhanced and accelerated through the F/L Partnership. Through this partnership, we receive unparalleled product assortment, e-commerce capabilities and powerful digital marketing tools to drive increased value for customers and accelerate growth of our logo general merchandise business. 
 The Barnes Noble brand (licensed from our former parent) along with our subsidiary brands, BNC and MBS, are synonymous with innovation in bookselling and campus retailing, and are widely recognized and respected brands in the United States. Our large college footprint, reputation, and credibility in the marketplace not only support our marketing efforts to universities, students, and faculty, but are also important to our relationship with leading publishers who rely on us as one of their primary distribution channels. 
 
 We have reportable segments: Retail and Wholesale. For additional information related to our strategies, operations and segments, see Part I - Item 1. Business and Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 4. Segment Reporting. 
 BNC First Day Equitable and Inclusive Access Programs 
 We provide product and service offerings designed to address the most pressing issues in higher education, including equitable access, enhanced convenience and improved affordability through innovative course material delivery models designed to drive improved student experiences and outcomes. We offer our BNC First Day equitable and inclusive access programs, consisting of First Day Complete and First Day , which provide faculty requested course materials on or before the 
 76 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 
 
 BARNES NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 
 (Thousands of dollars, except share and per share data) 

Partnership with Fanatics and Lids 
 In December 2020, we entered into the F/L Partnership. Through this partnership, we receive unparalleled product assortment, e-commerce capabilities and powerful digital marketing tools to drive increased value for customers and accelerate growth of our general merchandise business. Fanatics cutting-edge e-commerce and technology expertise offers our campus stores expanded product selection, a world-class online and mobile experience, and a progressive direct-to-consumer platform. Coupled with Lids, the leading standalone brick and mortar retailer focused exclusively on licensed fan and alumni products, our campus stores have improved access to trend and sales performance data on licensees, product styles, and design treatments. 
 We maintain our relationships with campus partners and remain responsible for staffing and managing the day-to-day operations of our campus bookstores. We also work closely with our campus partners to ensure that each campus store maintains unique aspects of in-store merchandising, including localized product assortments and specific styles and designs that reflect each campus s brand. We leverage Fanatics e-commerce technology and expertise for the operational management of the emblematic merchandise and gift sections of our campus store websites. Lids manages in-store assortment planning and merchandising of emblematic apparel, headwear, and gift products for our partner campus stores, and Lids owns the inventory it manages, relieving us of the obligation to finance inventory purchases from working capital. 
 COVID-19 Pandemic Business Impact 
 
 77 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 
 
 BARNES NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 
 (Thousands of dollars, except share and per share data) 

 of cash on hand, including of restricted cash related to segregated funds for commission due to Fanatics for logo merchandise sales as per the merchandising partnership agreement. 
 We incurred a Net Loss from Continuing Operations of ), ), and ), for the years ended April 29, 2023, April 30, 2022, and May 1, 2021, respectively, and Cash Flow Provided By (Used In) Operating Activities from Continuing Operations of , ), and , respectively. The tightening of our available credit commitments, including the elimination and repayment of our seasonal borrowing facility (FILO Facility) of , has had a significant impact on our liquidity during the year ended April 29, 2023, including our ability to make timely vendor payments and school commission payments resulting in a positive cash flow from operations offset by a use of cash for financing activities. 
 Our business was significantly negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic during the years ended April 30, 2022 and May 1, 2021, as many schools adjusted their learning models and on-campus activities. Although most academic institutions have since reopened after the COVID-19 pandemic, the lingering impacts of the pandemic have resulted in changes in customer behaviors, lower enrollments, and an evolving educational landscape which continued to impact our financial results during the year ended April 29, 2023. Some institutions are still providing alternatives to traditional in-person instruction, including online and hybrid learning options and significantly reduced classroom sizes. The impact of COVID-19 store closings, as well as lower earnings during the year ended April 29, 2023, resulted in the loss of cash flows and increased borrowings that we would not otherwise have expected to incur. 
 Our losses and projected cash needs, combined with our current liquidity level, initially raised substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. As discussed below, Management s plan to improve the Company s liquidity and 
 78 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 
 
 BARNES NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 
 (Thousands of dollars, except share and per share data) 

See Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 7. Debt and Note 17. Subsequent Events. 
 Operational restructuring plans 
 
 Management believes that the expected impact on our liquidity and cash flows resulting from the Debt amendments and the operational initiatives outlined above are sufficient to enable the Company to meet its obligations for at least twelve months from the issuance date of these consolidated financial statements and alleviate the conditions that initially raised substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. 
 See Part I - Risk Factors - We are dependent upon access to the capital markets, bank credit facilities, and short-term vendor financing for liquidity needs. 
 Seasonality 
 Our business is highly seasonal. Our quarterly results also may fluctuate depending on the timing of the start of the various schools' semesters, as well as shifts in our fiscal calendar dates. These shifts in timing may affect the comparability of our 
 79 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 
 
 BARNES NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 
 (Thousands of dollars, except share and per share data) 

Cost of sales (a) 
 Gross profit (a) 
 Selling and administrative expenses Depreciation and amortization Restructuring costs Transaction costs Operating loss ) ) ) Income tax expense ) Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax ) ) ) 
 (a) Cost of sales and Gross margin for the DSS Segment includes amortization expense (non-cash) related to content development costs of , , and for the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023, April 30, 2022, and May 1, 2021, respectively. 
 
 80 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 
 
 BARNES NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 
 (Thousands of dollars, except share and per share data) 

 Receivables, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Property and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Goodwill Deferred tax assets, net Other noncurrent assets Assets held for sale Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Other long-term liabilities Liabilities held for sale 
 , comprised of in prepaid and other current assets in the consolidated balance sheet related to segregated funds for commission due to Lids for logo merchandise sales as per the Lids Partnership's merchandising agreement and in other noncurrent assets in the consolidated balance sheet related to amounts held in trust for future distributions related to employee benefit plans. 
 As of April 30, 2022, we had restricted cash of , comprised of in prepaid and other current assets in the consolidated balance sheet related to segregated funds for commission due to Lids for logo merchandise sales as per the Lids Partnership's merchandising agreement and in other noncurrent assets in the consolidated balance sheet related to amounts held in trust for future distributions related to employee benefit plans. 
 
 Advances for book buybacks Credit/debit card receivables Other receivables Total receivables, net 
 Accounts receivable are presented on our consolidated balance sheets net of allowances. An allowance for doubtful accounts is determined through an analysis of the aging of accounts receivable and assessments of collectability based on 
 81 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 
 
 BARNES NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 
 (Thousands of dollars, except share and per share data) 

 , and as of April 29, 2023 and April 30, 2022, respectively. 
 of our merchandise purchased during the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023. For our Wholesale Segment, the four largest suppliers, excluding textbooks purchased from students at our Retail Segment's bookstores, accounted for approximately of merchandise purchases during the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023. 
 As contemplated by the F/L Partnership merchandising partnership agreement, we sold our logo and emblematic general merchandise inventory to Lids and received proceeds of , and recognized a merchandise inventory loss on the sale of in cost of goods sold in the consolidated statement of operations during the 52 weeks ended May 1, 2021 for the Retail Segment. The final inventory sale price was determined during the first quarter of Fiscal 2022, at which time, we received additional proceeds of , and recognized a merchandise inventory loss on the sale of in cost of goods sold in the consolidated statement of operations for the Retail Segment. For additional information, see Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 1. Organization. 
 Additionally, during the 52 weeks ended May 1, 2021, we also recognized a merchandise inventory write-off of in cost of goods sold in the statement of operations for the Retail Segment related to our initiative to exit certain product offerings and streamline/rationalize our overall non-logo general merchandise product assortment resulting from the centralization of our merchandising decision-making during the year. 
 
 Implementation costs incurred in cloud computing arrangements reflected in prepaid and other assets in the consolidated balance sheets were and as of April 29, 2023 and April 30, 2022, respectively. We had , , and of amortization of implementation costs in selling and administrative expense in the consolidated statement of operations, for the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023, April 30, 2022, and May 1, 2021, respectively. 
 82 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 
 
 BARNES NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 
 (Thousands of dollars, except share and per share data) 

 , , and , of depreciation expense in the consolidated statement of operations for the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023, April 30, 2022, and May 1, 2021, respectively. 
 Content development costs are primarily related to development of courseware. Content amortization is computed using the straight-line method over estimated useful lives. Amortization of content development costs is recorded to cost of goods sold. We had , , and , of content amortization expense in the consolidated statement of operations for the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023, April 30, 2022, and May 1, 2021, respectively. 
 Machinery, equipment and display fixtures - 
 Computer hardware and capitalized software costs (b) Office furniture and other - 
 Content development costs (c) 
 - 
 Construction in progress Total property and equipment Less accumulated depreciation and amortization Total property and equipment, net 
 (a) Leasehold improvements are capitalized and depreciated over the shorter of the lease term or the useful life of the improvements, ranging from - years. 
 (b) System costs are capitalized and amortized over their estimated useful lives, from the date the systems become operational. Purchased software is generally amortized over a period of between - years. 
 
 Intangible Assets 
 - 
 ) Technology 
 ) Other (a) 
 - 
 ) ) 
 As of April 30, 2022 Amortizable intangible assets Estimated Useful Life Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Total Customer relationships - 
 ) Technology 
 ) Other (a) 
 - 
 ) ) 
 (a) Other consists of recognized intangibles for non-compete agreements, trade names, and favorable leasehold interests. 
 83 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 
 
 BARNES NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 
 (Thousands of dollars, except share and per share data) 

 For the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022 For the 52 weeks ended May 1, 2021 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 After 2028 
 
 For additional information about intangible assets, see Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies . 
 Leases 
 We recognize lease assets and lease liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet for all operating lease arrangements based on the present value of future lease payments as required by FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 842, Leases (Topic 842). We do not recognize lease assets or lease liabilities for short-term leases (i.e., those with a term of twelve months or less). We recognize lease expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term for contracts with fixed lease payments, including those with fixed annual minimums, or over a rolling twelve-month period for leases where the annual guarantee resets at the start of each contract year, in order to best reflect the pattern of usage of the underlying leased asset. For additional information, see Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 8. Leases . 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 As of April 29, 2023, our other long-lived assets include property and equipment, operating lease right-of-use assets, amortizable intangibles, and other noncurrent assets of , , , and , respectively, on our consolidated balance sheet. As of April 30, 2022, our other long-lived assets include property and equipment, operating lease right-of-use assets, amortizable intangibles, and other noncurrent assets of , , , and , respectively, on our consolidated balance sheet. 
 These amortizable intangible assets relate primarily to our customer and bookstore relationships with our colleges and university clients, and technology acquired. For additional information related to amortizable intangibles, see Intangible Assets above. 
 We review our long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances, including but not limited to contractual changes, renewals or amendments are made to agreements with our college, university, or K-12 schools, indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable in accordance with 
 
 84 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 
 
 BARNES NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 
 (Thousands of dollars, except share and per share data) 

 (both pre-tax and after-tax), comprised of , , and of property and equipment, operating lease right-of-use assets, amortizable intangibles, and other noncurrent assets, respectively, on the consolidated statement of operations. 
 During the third quarter of Fiscal 2022, we evaluated certain of our store-level long-lived assets in the Retail segment for impairment. Based on the results of the impairment tests, we recognized an impairment loss (non-cash) of (both pre-tax and after-tax), comprised of , , and of property and equipment, operating lease right-of-use assets, amortizable intangibles, and other noncurrent assets, respectively, on the consolidated statement of operations. 
 During the third quarter of Fiscal 2021, we evaluated certain of our store-level long-lived assets in the Retail segment for impairment. Based on the results of the impairment tests, we recognized an impairment loss (non-cash) of , after-tax, comprised of , , and of property and equipment, operating lease right-of-use assets, amortizable intangibles, and other noncurrent assets, respectively, on the consolidated statement of operations. 
 
 85 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 
 
 BARNES NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 
 (Thousands of dollars, except share and per share data) 

 Long-Term Incentive Compensation 
 We have granted awards in accordance with the Barnes Noble Education Inc. Equity Incentive Plan (the Equity Incentive Plan ). Types of equity awards that can be granted under the Equity Incentive Plan include options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance shares, performance share units, and phantom share units. See Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 12. Long-Term Incentive Compensation Expense for additional information regarding expense recognition for each type of award. 
 
 , , and in the consolidated statement of operations for the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023, April 30, 2022, and May 1, 2021, respectively. 
 86 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 
 
 BARNES NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 
 (Thousands of dollars, except share and per share data) 

General Merchandise Product Sales (a) 
 Service and Other Revenue (b) 
 Retail Product and Other Sales sub-total Course Materials Rental Income Retail Total Sales Wholesale Sales Eliminations (c) 
 ) ) ) Total Sales 
 (a) Effective in April 2021, as contemplated by the F/L Partnership's merchandising agreement and e-commerce agreement, we began to transition the fulfillment of our logo general merchandise sales to Lids and Fanatics. The transition to Lids for campus stores was effective in April 2021, and the e-commerce websites transitioned to Fanatics throughout Fiscal 2022. As the logo general merchandise sales are fulfilled by Lids and Fanatics, we recognize commission revenue earned for these sales on a net basis in our consolidated financial statements, as compared to the recognition of logo general merchandise sales on a gross basis in the periods prior to the transition. 
 (b) Service and other revenue primarily relates to brand partnerships and other service revenues. 
 (c) The sales eliminations represent the elimination of Wholesale sales and fulfillment service fees to Retail and the elimination of Retail commissions earned from Wholesale. 
 Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities 
 Contract assets represent the sale of goods or services to a customer before we have the right to obtain consideration from the customer. Contract assets consist of unbilled amounts at the reporting date and are transferred to accounts receivable when the rights become unconditional. Contract assets (unbilled receivables) were as of both April 29, 2023 and April 30, 2022 on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 87 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 
 
 BARNES NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 
 (Thousands of dollars, except share and per share data) 

Additions to deferred revenue during the period Reductions to deferred revenue for revenue recognized during the period ) ) Deferred revenue balance at the end of period: Balance Sheet classification: Accrued liabilities Other long-term liabilities Deferred revenue balance at the end of period: 
 As of April 29, 2023, we expect to recognize of the deferred revenue balance within the next 12 months. 
 
 reportable segments: Retail and Wholesale. Additionally, unallocated shared-service costs, which include various corporate level expenses and other governance functions, are not allocated to any specific reporting segment and continue to be presented as Corporate Services . 
 We identify our segments in accordance with the way our business is managed (focusing on the financial information distributed) and the manner in which our chief operating decision maker allocates resources and assesses financial performance. The following summarizes the three segments. For additional information about this segments operations, see Part I - Item 1. Business. 
 Retail Segment 
 The Retail Segment operates college, university, and K-12 school bookstores, comprised of physical bookstores and virtual bookstores. Our bookstores typically operate under agreements with the college, university, or K-12 schools to be the official bookstore and the exclusive seller of course materials and supplies, including physical and digital products. The majority of the physical campus bookstores have school-branded e-commerce websites which we operate independently or along with our merchant partners, and which offer students access to affordable course materials and affinity products, including emblematic apparel and gifts. The Retail Segment offers our BNC First Day equitable and inclusive access programs, consisting of First Day Complete and First Day , which provide faculty requested course materials on or before the first day of class at a discounted rate, as compared to the total retail price for the same course materials if purchased separately. The BNC First Day discounted price is offered as a course fee or included in tuition. Additionally, the Retail Segment offers a suite of digital content and services to colleges and universities, including a variety of open educational resource-based courseware. 
 88 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 
 
 BARNES NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 
 (Thousands of dollars, except share and per share data) 

 physical bookstores (including our Retail Segment's physical bookstores) and sources and distributes new and used textbooks to our virtual bookstores. Additionally, the Wholesale Segment sells hardware and a software suite of applications that provides inventory management and point-of-sale solutions to approximately college bookstores. 
 Corporate Services 
 Corporate Services represents unallocated shared-service costs which include corporate level expenses and other governance functions, including executive functions, such as accounting, legal, treasury, information technology, and human resources. 
 Intercompany Eliminations 
 The eliminations are primarily related to the following intercompany activities: 
 The sales eliminations represent the elimination of Wholesale sales and fulfillment service fees to Retail and the elimination of Retail commissions earned from Wholesale, and 
 
 Our international operations are not material and the majority of the revenue and total assets are within the United States. 
 Wholesale Corporate Services Sub-Total Assets Held for Sale Total Assets 
 Wholesale Corporate Services Total Capital Expenditures 
 
 89 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 
 
 BARNES NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 
 (Thousands of dollars, except share and per share data) 

 Wholesale Eliminations ) ) ) Total Sales Gross Profit Retail (b) 
 Wholesale Eliminations ) Total Gross Profit Selling and Administrative Expenses Retail Wholesale Corporate Services Eliminations ) ) ) Total Selling and Administrative Expenses Depreciation and Amortization Retail Wholesale Corporate Services Total Depreciation and Amortization Impairment loss (non-cash) - Retail (c) 
 Restructuring and Other Charges (c) 
 Retail Wholesale ) ) Corporate Services Total Restructuring and Other Charges Operating Loss Retail ) ) ) Wholesale 
 ) Corporate Services ) ) ) Eliminations ) Total Operating Loss ) ) ) The following is a reconciliation of segment Operating Loss from Continuing Operations to consolidated Loss from Continuing Operations Before Income Taxes Total Operating Loss ) ) ) Interest Expense, net ) ) ) Total Loss from Continuing Operations Before Income Taxes ) ) ) 
 90 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 
 
 BARNES NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 
 (Thousands of dollars, except share and per share data) 

 and , respectively, in the Retail Segment. See Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Merchandise Inventories . 
 . 
 
 shares of common stock, par value per share, and shares of preferred stock, par value per share. As of April 29, 2023, shares and shares of our common stock were issued and outstanding, respectively, and shares of our preferred stock were both issued and outstanding. Our common stock trades on the NYSE under the symbol BNED . 
 The holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders. Holders of shares of our common stock do not have cumulative voting rights in the election of directors. The holders of our common stock will be entitled to share ratably in our assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders, subject to the prior distribution rights of preferred stock, if any, then outstanding. The holders of our common stock do not have preemptive rights or preferential rights to subscribe for shares of our capital stock. 
 
 , in the aggregate, of our outstanding common stock. The stock repurchase program is carried out at the direction of management (which may include a plan under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). The stock repurchase program may be suspended, terminated, or modified at any time. Any repurchased shares will be held as treasury stock and will be available for general corporate purposes. During the Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, we did not purchase shares under the stock repurchase program. As of April 29, 2023, approximately remains available under the stock repurchase program. 
 During the Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, we also repurchased , shares, and shares of our common stock in connection with employee tax withholding obligations for vested stock awards, respectively. 
 Sale of Treasury Shares 
 In December 2020 (Fiscal 2021), we entered into a new merchandising partnership with Fanatics and Lids which included a strategic equity investment in the Company. Fanatics, Inc. and Lids Holdings, Inc. jointly purchased an aggregate of our common shares (issued from treasury shares) for , representing a share price of per share. The premium price paid above the fair market value of our common stock at closing was approximately and was recorded as a contract liability which is recognized over the term of the merchandising contracts for Fanatics and Lids and , respectively, in accrued liabilities, and and , respectively, as of April 29, 2023 and April 30, 2022, in other long-term liabilities our consolidated balance sheet) which is expected to be recognized over the term of the merchandising contracts for Fanatics and Lids, as discussed in Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 1. Organization - Partnership with Fanatics and Lids . 
 91 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 
 
 BARNES NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 
 (Thousands of dollars, except share and per share data) 

 During the Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, average shares of , , and , respectively, were excluded from the diluted earnings per share calculation using the two-class method as their inclusion would have been antidilutive.) ) ) Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax ) ) ) Net loss available to common shareholders ) ) ) Denominator for basic and diluted earnings per share: Basic and diluted weighted average shares of Common Stock Loss per share of Common Stock: Basic and Diluted Continuing operations Discontinued operations Basic and diluted loss per share of Common Stock 

During the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023, April 30, 2022, and May 1, 2021, we evaluated certain of our store-level long-lived assets in the Retail segment for impairment, and we recognized an impairment loss (non-cash) of , , and after-tax), respectively, on the consolidated statement of operations. The fair value of the impaired long-lived assets were determined using an income approach (Level 3 input), using our best estimates of the amount and timing of future 
 92 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 
 
 BARNES NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 
 (Thousands of dollars, except share and per share data) 

Operating lease right-of-use assets Intangible assets, net Other noncurrent assets Total Non-Financial Liabilities 
 We granted phantom share units as long-term incentive awards which are settled in cash based on the fair market value of a share of common stock of the Company at each vesting date. The fair value of the liability for the cash-settled phantom share unit awards will be remeasured at the end of each reporting period through settlement to reflect current risk-free rate and volatility assumptions. As of April 29, 2023, we recorded a liability of (Level 2 input) which is reflected in accrued liabilities and other long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. As of April 30, 2022, we recorded a liability of (Level 2 input) which is reflected in accrued liabilities and other long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. For additional information, see Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 12. Long-Term Incentive Compensation Expense . 

FILO Facility Term Loan sub-total Less: Deferred financing costs ) Total debt Balance Sheet classification: Short-term borrowings Long-term borrowings Total debt 
 Credit Facility 
 We have a credit agreement (the Credit Agreement ), amended from time to time including on March 31, 2021 and March 1, 2019, under which the lenders committed to provide us with a year asset-backed revolving credit facility in an aggregate committed principal amount of (the Credit Facility effective from the March 1, 2019 amendment. We have the option to request an increase in commitments under the Credit Facility of up to , subject to certain restrictions. Proceeds from the Credit Facility are used for general corporate purposes, including seasonal working capital needs. The 
 93 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 
 
 BARNES NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 
 (Thousands of dollars, except share and per share data) 

 maintaining the maximum availability under the Credit Agreement at . As of July 31, 2022, the FILO Facility was repaid according to its terms and future commitments under the FILO Facility were reduced to . 
 On May 24, 2023 and July 28, 2023, subsequent to quarter end, we amended the Credit Agreement to extend the maturity date, as well as other changes as described in Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 17. Subsequent Events. 
 As of April 29, 2023, and through the date of this filing, we were in compliance with all debt covenants under the Credit Agreement. 
 The Credit Facility is secured by substantially all of the inventory, accounts receivable and related assets of the borrowers under the Credit Facility. This is considered an all asset lien (inclusive of proceeds from tax refunds payable to the Company and a pledge of equity from subsidiaries, exclusive of real estate). 
 During the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023, we borrowed and repaid under the Credit Agreement, and had outstanding borrowings of as of April 29, 2023, comprised entirely of borrowing under the Credit Facility and under the FILO Facility, which was repaid on August 1, 2022. During the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022, we borrowed and repaid under the Credit Agreement, and had outstanding borrowings of and under the Credit Facility and FILO Facility, respectively, as of April 30, 2022. During the 53 weeks ended May 1, 2021, we borrowed and repaid under the Credit Agreement, and had outstanding borrowings of and under the Credit Facility and FILO Facility, respectively, as of May 1, 2021. As of April 29, 2023 and April 30, 2022, we issued and , respectively, in letters of credit under the Credit Facility. 
 During the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023, April 30, 2022, and May 1, 2021 we incurred debt issuance costs totaling , , and , respectively. The debt issuance costs have been deferred and are presented as prepaid and other current assets and other noncurrent assets in the consolidated balance sheets, and subsequently amortized ratably over the term of the credit agreement. 
 Term Loan 
 On June 7, 2022, we entered into a Term Loan Credit Agreement (the Term Loan Credit Agreement with TopLids LendCo, LLC and Vital Fundco, LLC and we entered into an amendment to our existing Credit Agreement, which permitted us to incur the Term Loan Facility (as defined below). For additional information, see the Company s Report on Form 8-K dated June 7, 2022 and filed with the SEC on June 10, 2022. 
 94 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 
 
 BARNES NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 
 (Thousands of dollars, except share and per share data) 

 (the Term Loan Facility and, the loans thereunder, the Term Loans and matures on June 7, 2024. The proceeds of the Term Loans are being used to finance working capital, and to pay fees and expenses related to the Term Loan Facility. During the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023, we borrowed and repaid under the Term Loan Credit Agreement, with of outstanding borrowings as of April 29, 2023. 
 On May 24, 2023 and July 28, 2023, subsequent to quarter end, we amended the Term Loan Agreement to extend the maturity date, as well as other changes as described in Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 17. Subsequent Events. 
 . 
 
 95 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 
 
 BARNES NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 
 (Thousands of dollars, except share and per share data) 

 Operating lease expense Net lease expense 
 The increase in lease expense is primarily due to higher sales for contracts based on a percentage of revenue and the impact of the timing due to contract renewals, and the increase in minimum contractual guarantees which were temporarily eliminated in the prior years due to limited on campus store traffic resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2027 Fiscal 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Operating lease liabilities at period end 
 Future lease payment obligations related to leases that were entered into, but did not commence as of April 29, 2023, were not material. 
 years years years Weighted average discount rate Supplemental cash flow information: Cash payments for lease liabilities within operating activities ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities from initial recognition 
 
 (both pre-tax and after-tax), comprised of , , and of property and equipment, operating lease right-of-use assets, amortizable intangibles, and other noncurrent assets, respectively, on the consolidated statement of operations. 
 96 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 
 
 BARNES NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 
 (Thousands of dollars, except share and per share data) 

 (both pre-tax and after-tax), comprised of , , and of property and equipment, operating lease right-of-use assets, amortizable intangibles, and other noncurrent assets, respectively, on the consolidated statement of operations. 
 During the 52 weeks ended May 1, 2021, we recognized an impairment loss (non-cash) of , after-tax, in the Retail segment comprised of , , and of property and equipment, operating lease right-of-use assets, amortizable intangibles, and other noncurrent assets, respectively, on the consolidated statement of operations. 
 Restructuring and Other Charges 
 During the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023, we recognized restructuring and other charges totaling , comprised primarily of for severance and other employee termination and benefit costs associated with elimination of various positions as part of cost reduction objectives, is included in accrued liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet as of April 29, 2023), and for costs primarily associated with professional service costs for restructuring and process improvements. 
 During the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022, we recognized restructuring and other charges totaling , comprised primarily of for severance and other employee termination and benefit costs associated with elimination of various positions as part of cost reduction objectives is included in accrued liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet as of April 30, 2022) and for costs associated with professional service costs for restructuring, process improvements, development and integration associated with the F/L Partnership, shareholder activist activities, and liabilities for a facility closure, partially offset by a in an actuarial gain related to a frozen retirement benefit plan (non-cash). 
 , comprised primarily of for severance and other employee termination and benefit costs associated with elimination of various positions as part of cost reduction objectives, for professional service costs related to restructuring, process improvements, the financial advisor strategic review process, costs related to development and integration associated with the F/L Partnership and shareholder activist activities, and related to liabilities for a facility closure, partially offset by a in an actuarial gain related to a frozen retirement benefit plan (non-cash). 
 
 , and during the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023, April 30, 2022, and May 1, 2021, respectively. 

, , and , during the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023, April 30, 2022, and May 1, 2021, respectively. 
 Effective April 2020, due to the significant impact as a result of COVID-19 related campus store closures, we temporarily suspended employer matching contributions into our 401(k) plans. The matching contributions were reinstated effective July 25, 2021. 
 97 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 
 
 BARNES NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 
 (Thousands of dollars, except share and per share data) 

 shares of our common stock for future grants in accordance with the Barnes Noble Education Inc. Equity Incentive Plan. Types of equity awards that can be granted under the Equity Incentive Plan include options, restricted stock RS ), restricted stock units RSU ), performance shares PS ), performance share units PSU ), and stock options. 
 We recognize compensation expense for restricted stock awards and performance share awards ratably over the requisite service period of the award, which is generally three years. We recognize compensation expense for these awards based on the number of awards expected to vest, which includes an estimated average forfeiture rate. We calculate the fair value of these awards based on the closing stock price on the date the award was granted. For those awards with market conditions, we have determined the grant date fair value using the Monte Carlo simulation model and compensation expense is recognized ratably over the requisite service period regardless of whether the market condition is satisfied. 
 Restricted Stock Awards 
 A RS award is an award of common stock that is subject to certain restrictions during a specified period. Restricted stock awards are generally subject to forfeiture if employment terminates prior to the release of the restrictions. The grantee cannot transfer the shares before the restricted shares vest. Shares of unvested restricted stock have the same voting rights as common stock, are entitled to receive dividends and other distributions thereon (although payment may be deferred until the shares have vested) and are considered to be currently issued and outstanding. Restricted stock awards will have a minimum vesting period of one year. 
 A RSU is a grant valued in terms of our common stock, but no stock is issued at the time of grant. Each restricted stock unit may be redeemed for one share of our common stock once vested. Restricted stock units are generally subject to forfeiture if employment terminates prior to the release of the restrictions. The grantee cannot transfer the units except in very limited circumstances and with the consent of the compensation committee. Shares associated with unvested restricted stock units have no voting rights but are entitled to receive dividends and other distributions thereon (although payment may be deferred until the units have vested). Restricted stock units generally vest over a period of three years, but will have a minimum vesting period of one year. 
 Performance Share Awards 
 PS awards and PSU awards were granted to employees. Each PS and PSU may be redeemed for one share of our common stock once vested and are generally subject to forfeiture if employment terminates prior to the release of the restrictions. The grantee cannot transfer the PS or PSU awards except in very limited circumstances and with the consent of the compensation committee. Shares of unvested PSU awards have no voting rights but are entitled to receive dividends and other distributions thereon (although payment may be deferred until the shares or units, as the case may be, have vested). The PS and PSU awards will only vest based upon the achievement of pre-established performance goals related to Adjusted EBITDA, segment revenue, new business, and/or total shareholder return performance achieved over a period of time. The PS and PSU awards will vest based on company performance and/or market conditions during the subsequent two year period with one additional year of time-based vesting. The number of PS and PSU awards that will vest range from 0 -150 of the target award based on actual performance. 
 Phantom Shares 
 During Fiscal 2022, we granted phantom share units granted to employees. Each phantom share represents the economic equivalent to one share of the Company's common stock and will be settled in cash based on the fair market value of a share of common stock at each vesting date in an amount not to exceed per share. The phantom shares vest and will be settled in three equal installments commencing one year after the date of grant. The fair value of the phantom shares was determined using the closing stock price on the date of the award less the fair value of the call option which was estimated using the Black-Scholes model. The average fair value on the date of grant was per phantom share using risk-free rates ranging from for the three tranches and annual volatility ranging from for the three tranches. The fair value of the liability for the cash-settled phantom share unit awards will be remeasured at the end of each reporting period through settlement to reflect current risk-free rate and volatility assumptions. 
 As of April 29, 2023, we recorded a liability of (Level 2 input) related to phantom share units grants of which and is reflected in accrued liabilities and other long-term liabilities, respectively, on the consolidated balance sheet. As of April 30, 2022, we recorded a liability of (Level 2 input) related to phantom share units grants of which and 
 98 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 
 
 BARNES NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 
 (Thousands of dollars, except share and per share data) 

 is reflected in accrued liabilities and other long-term liabilities, respectively, on the consolidated balance sheet, respectively. 
 Stock Options 
 For stock options granted with an "at market" exercise price, we determined the grant fair value using the Black-Scholes model and for stock options granted with "a premium" exercise price, we determined the grant date fair value using the Monte Carlo simulation model. The fair value models for stock options use assumptions that include the risk-free interest rate, expected volatility, expected dividend yield and expected term of the options. 
 During Fiscal 2023, we granted stock options with an exercise price of per stock option, which was the fair market value on the date of grant (Stock Option Grant #1) and stock options with an exercise price of per stock option (Stock Option Grant #2) granted to employees. The stock options are exercisable in four equal annual installments commencing one year after the date of grant and have a ten year term. Holders are not entitled to receive dividends (if any) prior to vesting and exercise of the options. The following summarizes the stock option fair value assumptions: 
 Stock Option Grant #1 Stock Option Grant #2 Exercise Price Valuation method utilized Risk-free interest rate Expected option term years years Company volatility Dividend yield Grant date fair value per award 
 The risk-free interest rate is based on United States Treasury yields in effect at the date of grant for periods corresponding to the expected stock option term. For Stock Option Grant #1, we are permitted to use the simplified approach to estimate the expected term of the stock options, which typically assumes exercise occurs at the mid-point between the end of the vesting period and the expiration date. The simplified approach is not allowed for premium-priced options (Stock Option Grant #2), which were estimated using a stock price multiple, as there is no option exercise history which to base an early exercise option. The expected stock option term represents the weighted average period of time that stock options granted are expected to be outstanding, based on vesting schedules and the contractual term of the stock options. Volatility is based on the historical volatility of the Company s common stock over a period of time corresponding to the expected stock option term. 

99 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 
 
 BARNES NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 
 (Thousands of dollars, except share and per share data) 

 Granted Vested ) ) Forfeited ) Balance, April 29, 2023 Performance Share Units Phantom Shares Number of Shares Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Number of Shares Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Balance, April 30, 2022 Granted Vested ) ) Forfeited (a) 
 ) ) Balance, April 29, 2023 Stock Options Number of Shares Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Weighted Average Exercise Price Balance, April 30, 2022 Granted Exercised (b) 
 Forfeited ) Expired ) Balance, April 29, 2023 Exercisable, April 29, 2023 
 (a) The PSUs forfeitures reflect a cumulative adjustment to reflect changes to the expected level of achievement of the respective grants. 
 (b) During the period ended April 29, 2023, no options were exercised with a total intrinsic value of . 
 
 and , respectively. There were no stock options that vested during the 52 weeks ended May 1, 2021. 
 
 Total fair value of vested share awards during the periods ended April 29, 2023, April 30, 2022, and May 1, 2021 was , , and , respectively. 
 100 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 
 
 BARNES NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 
 (Thousands of dollars, except share and per share data) 

 Restricted stock units expense Performance share units expense (a) 
 Stock option expense Sub-total stock-based awards: Cash settled awards Phantom share units expense ) Total compensation expense for long-term incentive awards 
 (a) Long-term incentive compensation expense reflects cumulative adjustments to reflect changes to the expected level of achievement of the respective grants. 
 Total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested awards as of April 29, 2023 was and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 for the carryback of NOLs to higher tax rate years, recorded in Fiscal 2021. As of April 29, 2023, we recognized a current income tax receivable for NOL carrybacks in prepaid and other current assets on the consolidated balance sheet. We received a refund in Fiscal 2022, a refund in Fiscal 2023 and expect to receive additional refunds of approximately . 
 ) ) State ) International Total Current ) ) Deferred: Federal ) ) State ) International Total Deferred ) ) Total US tax provision ) ) 
 101 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 
 
 BARNES NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 
 (Thousands of dollars, except share and per share data) 

 State income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit Permanent book / tax differences ) ) ) CARES Act NOL Carryback Valuation allowance ) ) ) Other, net Effective income tax rate ) 
 The effective tax rate for Fiscal 2023 is significantly lower as compared to the prior year comparable period due to the valuation allowance benefit of changing the tax fiscal year in the prior year. 
 One percentage point on our Fiscal 2023 effective tax rate is approximately . The permanent book / tax differences are principally comprised of non-deductible officer's compensation, and non-deductible stock compensation. 
 We account for income taxes using the asset and liability method. Deferred taxes are recorded based on differences between the financial statement basis and tax basis of assets and liabilities and available tax loss and credit carryforwards. 
 Inventory Stock-based compensation Insurance liability Operating lease liabilities Tax credits Goodwill Net operating losses Interest carryforwards Other Gross deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Intangible asset amortization ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) LIFO inventory valuation ) ) Property and equipment ) ) Gross deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liability ) ) 
 
 102 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 
 
 BARNES NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 
 (Thousands of dollars, except share and per share data) 

 of unrecognized tax benefits. 
 Additions for tax positions of the current period Additions for tax positions of prior periods Reductions due to settlements Other reductions for tax positions of prior periods ) Balance at May 1, 2021 Additions for tax positions of the current period Additions for tax positions of prior periods Reductions due to settlements Other reductions for tax positions of prior periods Balance at April 30, 2022 Additions for tax positions of the current period Additions for tax positions of prior periods Reductions due to settlements Other reductions for tax positions of prior periods Balance at April 29, 2023 
 Our policy is to recognize interest and penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. As of both April 29, 2023 and April 30, 2022, we had accrued for net interest and penalties. 
 In assessing the realizability of the deferred tax assets, management considered whether it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets would be realized. In evaluating our ability to utilize our deferred tax assets, we considered all available evidence, both positive and negative, in determining future taxable income on a jurisdiction by jurisdiction basis. As of April 29, 2023, we recorded a valuation allowance of compared to as of April 30, 2022. 
 As of April 29, 2023, we had state net operating loss carryforwards NOLs of approximately which will begin to expire in 2026, state tax credit carryforwards totaling which will begin to expire in 2024, federal tax credit carryforward of which will begin to expire in 2040 and federal NOLs of approximately which have an indefinite carryforward period. 
 As of April 29, 2023, we recorded of foreign withholding tax related to repatriations of earnings from certain foreign subsidiaries. If additional earnings in these foreign subsidiaries were repatriated in the future, additional income and withholding tax expense would be incurred. Additional income and withholding tax expense on any future repatriated earnings is estimated to be less than . 

103 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 
 
 BARNES NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 
 (Thousands of dollars, except share and per share data) 

1-3 Years 3-5 Years Total 
 
 Gross profit (Loss) income from continuing operations, net of tax (b)(c)(d) 
 ) ) ) ) Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax ) ) ) ) ) Net (loss) income ) ) ) ) (Loss) earnings per common share: Basic and Diluted Continuing operations Discontinued operations Total Basic and Diluted Earnings per share Weighted average common shares outstanding - Basic: Weighted average common shares outstanding - Diluted: 
 (a) For information related to quarterly seasonality and other variance components, see Part II - Item 7. Management Discussion and Analysis - Results of Operations and Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Seasonality . 
 (b) (Loss) income from continuing operations includes , , , and of restructuring and other charges for the 13 weeks ended July 30, 2022, October 29, 2022, January 28, 2023 and April 29, 2023, respectively, and for the 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023. 
 (c) (Loss) income from continuing operations includes an impairment loss (non-cash) of for the 13 weeks ended January 28, 2023 and 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023. 
 (d) (Loss) income from continuing operations includes and of interest expense for the 13 and 52 weeks ended April 29, 2023, respectively. Interest expense increased by and primarily due to higher borrowings and higher interest rates compared to the prior year. 
 104 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 
 
 BARNES NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 
 (Thousands of dollars, except share and per share data) 

 Gross profit (Loss) income from continuing operations, net of tax (b)(c)(d) 
 ) ) ) ) Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax ) ) ) ) ) Net (loss) income 
 ) ) ) ) (Loss) earnings per common share: Basic Continuing operations ) ) ) ) Discontinued operations Total Basic Earnings per share ) ) ) ) Weighted average common shares outstanding - Basic: Diluted Continuing operations ) ) ) ) Discontinued operations ) ) ) ) ) Total Diluted Earnings per share ) ) ) ) Weighted average common shares outstanding - Diluted: 
 (a) For information related to quarterly seasonality and other variance components, see Part II - Item 7. Management Discussion and Analysis - Results of Operations and Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Seasonality . 
 (b) (Loss) income from continuing operations includes , , , and ) of restructuring and other charges for the 13 weeks ended July 31, 2021, October 30, 2021, January 29, 2022 and April 30, 2022, respectively, and for the 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022. 
 (c) (Loss) income from continuing operations also includes an impairment loss (non-cash) of for the 13 weeks ended January 29, 2022 and 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022.) and ) of an income tax benefit for the 13 and 52 weeks ended April 30, 2022, respectively. The income tax benefit was primarily due to the change in pre-tax loss and the change in the assessment of the realization of deferred tax assets, driven by a change in our tax year. 
 
 105 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 
 
 BARNES NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 
 (Thousands of dollars, except share and per share data) 

. 
 106 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 ) April 30, 2022 ) May 1, 2021 ) Balance at beginning of period Addition Charged to Costs Deductions Balance at end of period Sales Returns Reserves April 29, 2023 ) April 30, 2022 ) May 1, 2021 ) 
 
 All other schedules are omitted because the conditions requiring their filing do not exist, or because the required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto. 
 107 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 There were no disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure. 

Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Management of the Company established and maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that material information relating to the Company and its subsidiaries required to be disclosed in the reports that are filed or submitted under the Exchange Act are recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company s management conducted an evaluation (as required under Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) under the Exchange Act), under the supervision and with the participation of the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that it will detect or uncover failures within the Company to disclose material information otherwise required to be set forth in the Company s periodic reports. Based on management s evaluation, and considering the items noted below, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of April 29, 2023. 
 (b) Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. As defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f), internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the principal executive and principal financial officer and effected by the board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and (iii) that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iv) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO 2013 framework). Based upon the Company s evaluation under this framework, management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of April 29, 2023. 
 The effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting was audited by Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report included on page 111. 
 (c) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting, with the exception of the remediation of the material weakness previously identified, during the most recent quarter ended April 29, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 108 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 MANAGEMENT S RESPONSIBILITY FOR CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 The management of Barnes Noble Education, Inc. is responsible for the contents of the Consolidated Financial Statements, which are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The Consolidated Financial Statements necessarily include amounts based on judgments and estimates. Financial information elsewhere in the Annual Report is consistent with that in the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 The Company maintains a comprehensive accounting system, which includes controls designed to provide reasonable assurance as to the integrity and reliability of the financial records and the protection of assets. An internal audit staff is employed to regularly test and evaluate both internal accounting controls and operating procedures, including compliance with the Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, composed of directors who are not members of management, meets regularly with management, the independent registered public accountants and the internal auditors to ensure that their respective responsibilities are properly discharged. 
 Ernst Young LLP and the internal auditors have full and free independent access to the Audit Committee. The role of Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, is to provide an objective examination of the Consolidated Financial Statements and the underlying transactions in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. The report of Ernst Young LLP appears on page 111 of this report on Form 10-K for the year ended April 29, 2023. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 The Company has included the Section 302 certifications of the Chief Executive Officer and the Principal Financial Officer of the Company as Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2 to its Annual Report on Form 10-K for Fiscal 2023 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and the Company will submit to the New York Stock Exchange a certificate of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company certifying that he is not aware of any violation by the Company of New York Stock Exchange corporate governance listing standards. 
 
 109 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Barnes Noble Education, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Barnes Noble Education, Inc. and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting as of April 29, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Barnes Noble Education, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of April 29, 2023, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of April 29, 2023 and April 30, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended April 29, 2023, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)(2) and our report dated July 31, 2023 which expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 Iselin, New Jersey 
 July 31, 2023 
 110 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 

Item 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 None. 
 
 PART III 
 
 Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Information regarding our executive officers is incorporated by reference herein from the discussion under Part I - Item 1. Business - Executive Officers of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The remaining information with respect to directors, executive officers, the code of ethics and corporate governance of the Company is incorporated herein by reference to the Company s definitive Proxy Statement relating to the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the Company s fiscal year ended April 29, 2023 (the Proxy Statement ). 
 The information with respect to compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information with respect to executive compensation is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement. 
 The information with respect to compensation of directors is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The following table sets forth equity compensation plan information as of April 29, 2023: 
 Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities in column (a)) (a) (b) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 3,865,121 5.23 1,990,014 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 N/A N/A N/A Total 3,865,121 5.23 1,990,014 
 The information with respect to security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information with respect to certain relationships and related transactions and director independence is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement. 
 111 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information with respect to principal accountant fees and services is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement. 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this report: 
 1. Consolidated Financial Statements of Barnes Noble Education, Inc.: 
 Included in Part II of this Report: 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended April 29, 2023, April 30, 2022, and May 1, 2021 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of April 29, 2023 and April 30, 2022 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended April 29, 2023, April 30, 2022, and May 1, 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended April 29, 2023, April 30, 2022, and May 1, 2021 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, for the years ended April 29, 2023, April 30, 2022, and May 1, 2021 
 Report of Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, on the consolidated financial statements of Barnes Noble Education, Inc. for the years ended April 29, 2023, April 30, 2022, and May 1, 2021 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules of Barnes Noble Education, Inc.: 
 Included in Part II of this report: Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, not significant or not required, or because the required information is included in the financial statement notes thereto. 
 3. Exhibits: 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws. 3.1 
 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Barnes Noble Education, Inc., filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 25, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 3.2 
 Amended and Restated By-Laws, as Amended, Effective as of September 21, 2017, of Barnes Noble Education, Inc., filed as Exhibit 3.2 to Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 25, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 3.3 
 Certificate of Designation, Preferences, and Rights of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock of Barnes Noble Education, Inc., dated as of March 25, 2020, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 26, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 Instruments Defining the Rights of Securities; Description of Registrant s Securities. 4.1 
 Description of Capital Stock, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on June 30, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 Material contracts. 10.1 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of August 3, 2015, by and among Barnes Noble Education, Inc., as borrower, the lenders party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and the other agents party thereto, filed as Exhibit 10.5 to Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 3, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.2 
 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of February 27, 2017, by and among the Company, the Lenders and the Agent, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 28, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 112 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 10.3 
 Second Amendment, Waiver and Consent to Credit Agreement, dated as of March 1, 2019, among Barnes Noble Education, Inc., as the lead borrower, the other borrowers party thereto, the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent for the lenders, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of August 3, 2015, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 5, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.4 
 Third Amendment and Waiver to Credit Agreement and First Amendment to Security Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2021, among Barnes Noble Education, Inc., as the lead borrower, the other borrowers party thereto, the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent for the lenders, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of August 3, 2015, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 5, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.5 
 Fourth Amendment and Waiver to Credit Agreement dated as of March 7, 2022, among Barnes Noble Education, Inc., as the lead borrower, the other borrowers party thereto, the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent for the lenders, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of August 3, 2015, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on March 8, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.6 
 Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of June 7, 2022, among Barnes Noble Education, Inc., as borrower, the guarantors party thereto, TopLids LendCo, LLC and Vital Fundco, LLC, as lenders, and TopLids LendCo, LLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 10, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.7 
 Limited Waiver Agreement, dated as of June 28, 2022, among Barnes Noble Education, Inc., as borrower, the guarantors party thereto, TopLids LendCo, LLC and Vital Fundco, LLC, as lenders, and TopLids LendCo, LLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent for the lenders, to the Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of June 7, 2022. 
 10.8 
 Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of June 7, 2022, among Barnes Noble Education, Inc., as the lead borrower, the other borrowers party thereto, the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent for the lenders, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of August 3, 2015, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 10, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.9 
 Limited Waiver Agreement, dated as of June 28, 2022, among Barnes Noble Education, Inc., as the lead borrower, the other borrowers party thereto, the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent for the lenders, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of August 3, 2015. 
 10.10 
 Sixth Amendment, dated as of March 8, 2023, among the Company, as the lead borrower, the other borrowers party thereto, the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent for the lenders, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of August 3, 2015, referenced in the Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 9, 2023. 
 10.11 
 First Amendment, dated as of March 8, 2023, among the Company, as borrower, certain subsidiaries of the Company party thereto as guarantors, TopLids LendCo, LLC and Vital Fundco, LLC, as lenders, and TopLids LendCo, LLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent for the lenders, to the Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of June 7, 2022, referenced in the Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 9, 2023. 
 10.12 
 Seventh Amendment, dated as of May 24, 2023, among the Company, as the lead borrower, the other borrowers party thereto, the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent for the lenders, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of August 3, 2015, referenced in the Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 31, 2023. 
 10.13 
 Second Amendment, dated as of May 24, 2023, among the Company, as borrower, certain subsidiaries of the Company party thereto as guarantors, TopLids LendCo, LLC and Vital Fundco, LLC, as lenders, and TopLids LendCo, LLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent for the lenders, to the Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of June 7, 2022, referenced in the Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 31, 2023. 
 10.14 
 Eighth Amendment, dated as of July 28, 2023, among the Company, as the lead borrower, the other borrowers party thereto, the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent for the lenders, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of August 3, 2015, referenced in the Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 28, 2023. 
 10.15 
 Third Amendment, dated as of July 28, 2023, among the Company, as borrower, certain subsidiaries of the Company party thereto as guarantors, TopLids LendCo, LLC and Vital Fundco, LLC, as lenders, and TopLids LendCo, LLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent for the lenders, to the Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of June 7, 2022, referenced in the Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 28, 2023. 
 
 113 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 10.16 
 Trademark License Agreement, dated as of August 2, 2015, between Barnes Noble Education, Inc. and Barnes Noble, Inc., filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 3, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.17 
 Registration Statement on Form S-8 regarding the Barnes Noble Education, Inc. Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan as filed with the SEC on October 8, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.18 
 Barnes Noble Education, Inc. Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan, amended and restated as of September 23, 2021, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 11, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.19 
 Barnes Noble Education, Inc. Form of Performance Unit Award Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.5 to Report on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on June 29, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.20 
 Barnes Noble Education, Inc. Form of Performance-Based Stock Unit Award Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.6 to Report on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on June 29, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.21 
 Barnes Noble Education, Inc. Form of Performance-Based Stock Unit Award Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on December 4, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.22 
 Barnes Noble Education, Inc. Form of Performance Share Award Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on September 8, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.23 
 Barnes Noble Education, Inc. Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.7 to Report on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on June 29, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.24 
 Barnes Noble Education, Inc. Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on December 4, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.25 
 Barnes Noble Education, Inc. Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.8 to Report on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on June 29, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.26 
 Barnes Noble Education, Inc. Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on December 4, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.27 
 Barnes Noble Education, Inc. Form of Phantom Share Units Award Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.15 to Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on June 30, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.28 
 Barnes Noble Education, Inc. Form of Non-Qualified Stock Options Award Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.16 to Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on June 30, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.29 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated July 19, 2017, between Barnes Noble Education, Inc. and Michael P. Huseby filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 20, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.30 
 Letter Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2020 between the Company and Michael P. Huseby, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 2, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.31 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated September 24, 2020, with Michael P. Huseby, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 29, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.32 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated June 23, 2022, with Michael P. Huseby, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 24, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.33 
 Amended and Restated Employment Letter, effective as of June 19, 2019, between Barnes Noble Education Inc., Barnes Noble College Booksellers, LLC and Michael C. Miller, filed as Exhibit 10.24 to Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on June 25, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.34 
 Amended and Restated Employment Letter, effective as of June 19, 2019, between Barnes Noble Education, Inc. and Thomas D. Donohue, filed as Exhibit 10.26 to Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on June 25, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.35 
 Resignation Letter, dated as of April 12, 2023 between the Company and Thomas D. Donohue, referenced in the Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 13, 2023. 
 10.36 
 Amended and Restated Employment Letter, dated June 19, 2019, between MBS Textbook Exchange, LLC and Dave Henderson, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on September 2, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.37 
 Severance Letter Agreement and General Release and Waiver, dated as of May 3, 2023, between Barnes Noble Education, Inc. and David Henderson 
 
 114 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

 10.38 
 Amended and Restated Employment Letter, dated June 19, 2019, between B N Education, LLC, a subsidiary of Barnes Noble Education, Inc. and Jonathan Shar, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on September 2, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.39 
 Employment Letter, dated February 19, 2021, between BNED Digital Holdings, LLC and David Nenke. 
 10.40 
 Resignation Letter, dated as of December 1, 2022 between the Company and David W.B. Nenke, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 6, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.41 
 Form of Director and/or Officer Indemnification Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.14 to Report on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on June 29, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.42 
 Form of Retention Agreement, dated as of July 14, 2022, of Barnes Noble College Booksellers, LLC, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 18, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.43 
 Cooperation Agreement, dated July 25, 2022, by and among Barnes Noble Education, Inc. and Outerbridge Capital Management, LLC and certain of its affiliates signatory thereto, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 27, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.44 
 Form of Retention Agreement, dated as of April 25, 2023, of Barnes Noble College Booksellers, LLC, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 1 2023, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 Other. 21.1 
 List of subsidiaries of Barnes Noble Education, Inc. 
 23.1 
 Consent of Ernst Young LLP 
 31.1 
 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 17 CFR 240. 13a-14(a)/15(d)-14(a), under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Item 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 
 
 115 

Index to Form 10-K Index to FS 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Barnes Noble Education, Inc. has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 BARNES NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. (Registrant) By: /s/ Michael P. Huseby Michael P. Huseby Chief Executive Officer Date: July 31, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Name Title Date /s/ Michael P. Huseby Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) July 31, 2023 Michael P. Huseby /s/ Seema C. Paul Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) July 31, 2023 Seema C. Paul /s/ John R. Ryan Chairman and Director July 31, 2023 John R. Ryan /s/ Emily C. Chiu Director July 31, 2023 Emily C. Chiu /s/ Mario R. Dell'Aera, Jr. Director July 31, 2023 Mario R. Dell'Aera, Jr. /s/ Daniel A. DeMatteo Director July 31, 2023 Daniel A. DeMatteo /s/ David G. Golden Director July 31, 2023 David G. Golden /s/ Kathryn Eberle Walker Director July 31, 2023 Kathryn Eberle Walker /s/ Rory Wallace Director July 31, 2023 Rory Wallace /s/ Denise Warren Director July 31, 2023 Denise Warren 
 
 116 

<EX-10.10>
 2
 bned-ex1010abl6thamendment.htm
 EX-10.10 ABL 6TH AMENDMENT

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.10 
 
 EXECUTION VERSION 

SIXTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 
 This SIXTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT , dated as of March 8, 2023 (this Amendment ), is by and among Bank of America, N.A., in its capacity as administrative agent and collateral agent for the Lenders, pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement defined below (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ), the Lenders party hereto (which Lenders comprise all Lenders under the Existing Credit Agreement as of the date hereof), Barnes & Noble Education, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Lead Borrower ), the other borrowers party hereto (collectively with the Lead Borrower, the Borrowers and the other parties party hereto as Guarantors (collectively with the Borrowers, the Loan Parties ). References herein to a Lender shall be deemed to include each such Lender in its capacity as an LC Issuer and or the Swing Line Lender. 
 W I T N E S E T H 
 WHEREAS , the Administrative Agent, certain financial institutions from time to time party thereto as lenders (collectively, the Lenders and or as agents, the Borrowers and the Guarantors are parties to that certain Credit Agreement, dated August 3, 2015 (as amended by that certain First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of February 27, 2017, that certain Second Amendment, Waiver and Consent to Credit Agreement, dated as of March 1, 2019, that certain Third Amendment and Waiver to Credit Agreement and First Amendment to Security Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2021, that certain Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2022, that certain Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of June 7, 2022, and as further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or modified prior to the effectiveness of this Amendment, the Existing Credit Agreement capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Existing Credit Agreement, as modified by this Amendment (the Amended Credit Agreement ). 
 WHEREAS , the Borrowers have requested that the Existing Credit Agreement be amended to, among other things, (a) extend the Maturity Date and (b) make certain other amendments to the Existing Credit Agreement, as more specifically set forth herein. 
 WHEREAS , by this Amendment and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Borrowers desire and intend to evidence the aforementioned amendments to the Existing Credit Agreement. 
 NOW THEREFORE , in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual agreements and covenants contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 1. Amendments to Existing Credit Agreement . Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, including the conditions set forth in Section 2 of this Amendment, the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended as follows 
 (a) Credit Agreement . The Existing Credit Agreement (other than the annexes, schedules, and exhibits thereto, except as expressly otherwise provided herein) is hereby amended in its entirety to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example stricken text ), to add the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example double-underlined text ), and to move from its location the stricken text in green (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example moved from text and to move into its new location the double-underlined text in green (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example moved to text ), as set forth in the Amended Credit Agreement attached hereto as Annex I . 
 (b) Schedules to Credit Agreement . Schedule 1.04 (Existing Letters of Credit), Schedule 2.01 (Commitments and Applicable Percentages), Schedule 5.21(a) (DDAs) and Schedule 
 
 11271401 

5.21(b) (Credit Card Arrangements) to the Existing Credit Agreement are hereby deleted in their entirety and replaced with the corresponding Schedules attached hereto as Annex II. 
 (c) Exhibits to Credit Agreement . Exhibit D (Compliance Certificate) and Exhibit F (Borrowing Base Certificate) to the Existing Credit Agreement are hereby deleted in their entirety and replaced with the corresponding Exhibits attached hereto as Annex III . 
 2. Conditions Precedent . This Amendment shall only be effective upon the satisfaction or waiver by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders of each of the following conditions precedent (the date of such satisfaction or waiver, the Sixth Amendment Effective Date 
 (a) the Administrative Agent shall have received (unless otherwise specified) each of the following documents or instruments each of which shall be originals, facsimiles or other electronic transmission (in the case of facsimiles or other electronic transmission followed promptly by originals) unless otherwise specified, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent 
 (i) this Amendment, duly executed and delivered by the Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent and each Lender 
 (ii) that certain Sixth Amendment Fee Letter (the Sixth Amendment Fee Letter ), dated as of the date hereof, duly executed and delivered by the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent 
 (iii) that certain Confirmation, Ratification and Acknowledgement of Ancillary Loan Documents, dated as of the date hereof, duly executed and delivered by the Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent 
 (iv) that certain First Amendment to Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, duly executed and delivered by the Loan Parties, TopLids LendCo, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Term Agent ), and Vital FundCo, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 (v) that certain Mutual Consent and Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Term Agent and the Administrative Agent, and acknowledged by the Loan Parties 
 (vi) a favorable legal opinion of Paul Hastings LLP, counsel to the Loan Parties, addressed to the Administrative Agent and each Lender as to such matters concerning the Loan Parties, this Amendment, and any other Loan Documents delivered in connection herewith as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request 
 (vii) that certain letter agreement relating to Specified Events, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent 
 (viii) results of (i) searches of the UCC filings (or equivalent filings) and (ii) judgment, tax, and bankruptcy lien searches, made with respect to the Loan Parties in, with respect to searches in respect of clause (i), the states or other jurisdictions of formation of such Persons and, with respect to searches in respect of clause (ii), such other locations as are satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, together with copies of the financing statements (or, in the case of clause (ii), similar documents) disclosed by such searches 
 (ix) all documents and instruments, including Uniform Commercial Code financing statements, required by law or reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to be filed, registered or recorded to create or perfect the first priority Liens intended to be created under the Loan Documents 
 2 
 
 11271401 

(x) that certain Engagement Letter, dated as of August 26, 2022, duly executed and delivered by the Loan Parties and Houlihan Lokey Capital, Inc. (and as amended by that certain First Amendment to Engagement Letter, dated as of March 3, 2023), reflecting compliance with the requirements of Section 6.19(a) of the Amended Credit Agreement 
 (xi) a certificate from a Responsible Officer of each Loan Party, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and dated as of the Sixth Amendment Effective Date, certifying as being true, correct and complete, copies attached thereto (certified by a governmental official, where applicable) of (w) good standings in such entities jurisdiction of organization and primary place of business chief executive office, (x) current, certified charters or certificates of formation and bylaws, limited liability company agreements or other applicable organizational documents, (y) resolutions or other corporate action with respect to the Sixth Amendment Transactions and (z) incumbency certificates and or other certificates of Responsible Officers of each Loan Party as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer thereof authorized to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with the Amendment 
 (xii) a certificate from the chief financial officer of the Lead Borrower, satisfactory in form and substance to the Administrative Agent, attesting to the Solvency of the Loan Parties on a consolidated basis as of the Sixth Amendment Effective Date after giving effect to the transactions contemplated hereby and 
 (b) the Lead Borrower shall have paid all invoiced and accrued fees and reasonable and documented expenses of the Administrative Agent in respect of this Amendment (including but not limited to (i) the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of counsel for the Administrative Agent in respect of this Amendment and (ii) the fees described in the Sixth Amendment Fee Letter) 
 (c) the Lead Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders all fees and expenses due and payable on or before the Sixth Amendment Effective Date (including but not limited to those fees contained in the Sixth Amendment Fee Letter and all expenses in connection with this Amendment required to be reimbursed in accordance with Section 10.04 of the Amended Credit Agreement) 
 (d) no order, injunction or judgment has been entered into prohibiting the closing of the Amendment 
 (e) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred or be continuing and 
 (f) all representations and warranties contained in this Amendment (including those made in Section 3 hereof) are true and correct on and as of the Sixth Amendment Effective Date. 
 For purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 2 , each Lender that has signed this Amendment shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required hereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received written notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Sixth Amendment Effective Date specifying its objection thereto. 
 3. Representations and Warranties . In order to induce the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to enter into this Amendment, each Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby represents to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders as of the date hereof as follows 
 (a) Such Loan Party is duly authorized to execute and deliver this Amendment and is duly authorized to perform its obligations under the Amended Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party. 
 (b) The execution and delivery of this Amendment by such Loan Party does not and will not (i) contravene the terms of the Organization Documents of such Loan Party (ii) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of any Lien under (x) any Contractual Obligation 
 3 
 
 11271401 

to which such Loan Party is a party (other than Liens created under the Loan Documents in favor of the Administrative Agent for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties (as defined in the Security Agreement) or (y) any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which such Loan Party or its property is subject or (iii) violate any applicable Law. 
 (c) This Amendment is a legal, valid, and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar Laws relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors or by general equitable principles. 
 (d) As of the Sixth Amendment Effective Date and after giving effect to this Amendment, the representations and warranties of the Lead Borrower and each other Loan Party contained in Article V of the Amended Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection herewith or therewith, (i) which are qualified by materiality shall be true and correct, and (ii) which are not qualified by materiality shall be true and correct in all material respects, in each case, on and as of the Sixth Amendment Effective Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct, or true and correct in all material respects, as the case may be, as of such earlier date, and except that the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 of the Amended Credit Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the most recent consolidated statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b), respectively, of Section 6.01 of the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 (e) As of the Sixth Amendment Effective Date and after giving effect to this Amendment, each Loan Party has complied with and is in compliance with all of the covenants set forth in the Amended Credit Agreement, including those set forth in Article VI and Article VII of the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 (f) As of the Sixth Amendment Effective Date, both immediately before and after giving effect to this Amendment, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result herefrom. 
 4. Conditions Subsequent. 
 (a) No later than thirty (30) days after the Sixth Amendment Effective Date (or such later date as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), the Administrative Agent shall have received an inventory appraisal, the results of which are satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and which contains assumptions and appraisal methods that are satisfactory to Administrative Agent. Any failure of the Administrative Agent to receive such inventory appraisal thirty (30) days after the Sixth Amendment Effective Date (or such later date as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) shall constitute an immediate Event of Default under the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 (b) No later than thirty (30) days after the Sixth Amendment Effective Date (or such later date as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), the Loan Parties shall amend the limited liability company agreement of B&N Education, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, to explicitly provide for the ability of such Loan Party to pledge its Equity Interests (such amended terms to be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent). Any failure of the Administrative Agent to receive evidence of such amendment to the limited liability company agreement of B&N Education, LLC thirty (30) days after the Sixth Amendment Effective Date (or such later date as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) shall constitute an immediate Event of Default under the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 5. GOVERNING LAW . THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (EXCEPT FOR THE CONFLICT OF LAWS RULES THEREOF, BUT INCLUDING GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402). 
 4 
 
 11271401 

6. Binding Effect . This Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of each of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 
 7. Acknowledgement of Loan Parties . 
 (a) Each Loan Party hereby consents to the amendments and modifications to the Existing Credit Agreement effected hereby, and confirms and agrees that, notwithstanding the effectiveness of this Amendment, each Loan Document to which such Loan Party is a party is, and the obligations of such Loan Party contained in the Existing Credit Agreement, as amended and modified hereby, or in any other Loan Documents to which it is a party are, and shall continue to be, in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects, in each case as amended and modified by this Amendment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the execution of this Amendment shall not constitute a novation. 
 (b) The Loan Parties hereby reaffirm, acknowledge and agree that the Administrative Agent is entitled to engage and retain (directly or indirectly) one or more consultants or advisors from time to time in connection with the performance of its duties and obligations under the Loan Documents (including, at any time on or following the Sixth Amendment Effective Date), and the Loan Parties shall and shall cause its Subsidiaries to cooperate with such advisors and consultants in performing the scope of their respectful engagements. 
 (c) Without limiting the Administrative Agent s rights to implement other Reserves in accordance with the Credit Agreement, the Loan Parties specifically acknowledge and agree that the Administrative Agent may from time to time , in its Permitted Discretion, implement Availability Reserves to reflect claims and liabilities (including costs and expenses) that may need to be satisfied in connection with the realization upon the Collateral (including all such claims and liabilities (including costs and expenses) that may be incurred in connection with any insolvency or restructuring proceeding). 
 8. Reference to and Effect on the Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents . 
 (a) On and after the effectiveness of this Amendment, each reference in the Existing Credit Agreement to this Agreement , hereunder , hereof or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, and each reference in the Notes and each of the other Loan Documents to the Credit Agreement , thereunder , thereof or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, shall mean and be a reference to the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 (b) The Credit Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents, as specifically amended and modified by this Amendment, are and shall continue to be in full force and effect and are hereby in all respects ratified and confirmed. 
 (c) The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not, except as expressly provided herein, operate as a waiver or novation of any right, power or remedy of any Lender, any L C Issuer, any Swing Line Lender, the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent under any of the Loan Documents, nor constitute a waiver or novation of any provision of any of the Loan Documents. 
 (d) The Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Loan Parties agree that this Amendment shall be a Loan Document. 
 9. Waiver, Modification, Etc . No provision or term of this Amendment may be modified, altered, waived, discharged or terminated orally, but only by an instrument in writing executed by the party against whom such modification, alteration, waiver, discharge or termination is sought to be enforced. 
 10. Headings . The headings listed herein are for convenience only and do not constitute matters to be construed in interpreting this Amendment. 
 5 
 
 11271401 

11. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract, and shall become effective as to each party hereto. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by facsimile or other electronic imaging means e.g. , via electronic mail in .pdf form) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Amendment and or any document to be signed in connection with this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be. 
 12. Further Assurances . Each of the parties to this Amendment agrees that at any time and from time to time upon the written request of any other party, it will execute and deliver such further documents and do such further acts and things as such other party may reasonably request in order to effect the purposes of this Amendment. 
 13. Release . In consideration of the agreements of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, each Loan Party, on behalf of itself and its successors, assigns, and other legal representatives (each Loan Party and all such other Persons being hereinafter referred to collectively as the Releasors and individually as a Releasor ), hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably releases, remises and forever discharges the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and their successors and assigns, and their present and former shareholders, affiliates, subsidiaries, divisions, predecessors, directors, officers, attorneys, consultants, advisors, employees, agents and other representatives (the Administrative Agent and each other Lender and all such other Persons being hereinafter referred to collectively as the Releasees and individually as a Releasee ), of and from all demands, actions, causes of action, suits, controversies, reckonings, damages and any and all other claims, counterclaims, defenses, rights of set-off, demands and liabilities whatsoever (individually, a Claim and collectively, Claims of every name and nature, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, both at law and in equity, which any Releasor may now own, hold, have or claim to have against the Releasees or any of them for, upon, or by reason of any circumstance, action, cause or thing whatsoever which arises at any time on or prior to the day and date of this Agreement, in any way related to or in connection with the Existing Credit Agreement, Amended Credit Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or transactions thereunder or related thereto. Each Loan Party understands, acknowledges and agrees that the release set forth above may be pleaded as a full and complete defense and may be used as a basis for an injunction against any action, suit or other proceeding which may be instituted, prosecuted or attempted in breach of the provisions of such release. Each Loan Party agrees that no fact, event, circumstance, evidence or transaction which could now be asserted or which may hereafter be discovered shall affect in any manner the final, absolute and unconditional nature of the release set forth above. 
 REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 
 6 
 
 11271401 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. , as Administrative Agent 

By s Stephen T. Szymanski 
 Name Stephen T. Szymanski 
 Title Director 

Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 
 
 11271401 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. , as a Revolving Lender and as the Swing Line Lender 

By s Stephen T. Szymanski 
 Name Stephen T. Szymanski 
 Title Director 
 
 Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 
 
 11271401 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. , as a Revolving Lender 

By s Hai Nguyen 
 Name Hai Nguyen 
 Title Authorized Officer 

Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 
 
 11271401 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as a Revolving Lender 
 
 By s Katelyn Murray 
 Name Katelyn Murray 
 Title Assistant Vice President 
 
 Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 
 
 11271401 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 TRUIST BANK, as successor by merger to SUNTRUST BANK , as a Revolving Lender 

By s Mark Bohntinsky 
 Name Mark Bohntinsky 
 Title Managing Director 
 
 Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 
 
 11271401 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 CITIZENS BANK, N.A. , as a Revolving Lender 

By s William Boyle 
 Name William Boyle 
 Title AVP 
 
 Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 
 
 11271401 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 REGIONS BANK , as a Revolving Lender 

By s Bruce Kasper 
 Name Bruce Kasper 
 Title Managing Director 
 
 Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 
 
 11271401 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as successor to CAPITAL ONE BUSINESS CREDIT CORP., as a Revolving Lender 

By s Robert Johnson 
 Name Robert Johnson 
 Title Duly Authorized Signatory 
 
 Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 
 
 11271401 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , 
 as a Revolving Lender 

By s Paul L. Starman 
 Name Paul L. Starman 
 Title Vice President 
 
 Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 
 
 11271401 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , 
 as a Revolving Lender 

By s Stephen Santini 
 Name Stephen Santini 
 Title Vice President 

Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 
 
 11271401 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 LEAD BORROWER 
 
 BARNES & NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. , a Delaware corporation 
 By s Thomas D. Donohue 
 Name Thomas D. Donohue 
 Title Executive Vice President and 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 
 
 11271401 

BORROWERS 
 
 B&N EDUCATION, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 BARNES & NOBLE COLLEGE BOOKSELLERS, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 BNED DIGITAL HOLDINGS, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 BNED LOUDCLOUD, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 BNED MBS HOLDINGS, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company (f k a Morocco Holdings, LLC) 
 EDUCATE AHORA LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 ETUDIER FACILE LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 MBS AUTOMATION LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 MBS DIRECT, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 MBS INTERNET, LL C, a Delaware limited liability company 
 MBS SERVICE COMPANY LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 MBS TEXTBOOK EXCHANGE, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 PAPERRATER, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 STUDENT BRANDS, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 STUDY MODE LLC , a California limited liability company 
 TEXTBOOKCENTER LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 
 
 11271401 

TRABALHOS FEITOS, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 TXTB.COM, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 WORLDWIDE KNOWLEDGE LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 CRAM LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 By s Thomas D. Donohue 
 Name Thomas D. Donohue 
 Title Executive Vice President and 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 
 
 11271401 

ANNEX I 
 
 Conformed Copy of Credit Agreement 
 
 See attached. 
 
 11271401 

Annex A to 
 Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement 

CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 Dated as of August 3, 2015 
 as amended by the First Amendment as of February 27, 2017 and 
 as further amended by the Second Amendment as of March 1, 2019 and 
 as further amended by the Third Amendment as of March 31, 2021 and 
 as further amended by the Fourth Amendment as of March 7, 2022 and 
 as further amended by the Fifth Amendment as of June 7, 2022 and 
 as further amended by the Sixth Amendment as of March 8, 2023 
 
 among 
 
 BARNES & NOBLE EDUCATION, INC., 
 as the Lead Borrower, 
 
 The Other Borrowers From Time to Time Party Hereto, 
 The Guarantors From Time to Time Party Hereto, 
 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. , 
 as Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent and 
 Swing Line Lender, 
 The Other Lenders From Time to Time Party Hereto, 
 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
 WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION and 
 TRUIST BANK 
 as Co-Syndication Agents, 
 
 CITIZENS BANK, N.A. and 
 REGIONS BANK, 
 as Co-Documentation Agents, 
 
 BofA SECURITIES, INC BANK OF AMERICA, N.A ., 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. , 
 WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, and 
 TRUIST SECURITIES 
 as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Book Runners 

11238955v2 11238955v21 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Section Page 

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 1 
 1.01 Defined Terms 1 
 1.02 Other Interpretive Provisions 47 51 
 1.03 Accounting Terms 47 51 
 1.04 Rounding 48 52 
 1.05 Times of Day Interest Rates 48 52 
 1.06 Letter of Credit Amounts 48 52 
 1.07 Ratio Adjustments for Acquisitions and Dispositions 48 53 
 1.08 Intentionally Omitted. 49 53 
 1.09 Notices Generally 49 53 
 ARTICLE II THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 49 53 
 2.01 Revolving Loans Reserves 49 53 
 2.02 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Committed Loans 50 54 
 2.03 Letters of Credit 52 56 
 2.04 Swing Line Loans 61 64 
 2.05 Prepayments 64 66 
 2.06 Termination or Reduction of Commitments 66 69 
 2.07 Repayment of Loans 66 69 
 2.08 Interest 67 69 
 2.09 Fees 67 70 
 2.10 Computation of Interest and Fees 68 71 
 2.11 Evidence of Debt 68 71 
 2.12 Payments Generally Administrative Agent s Clawback 69 71 
 2.13 Sharing of Payments by Lenders 70 73 
 2.14 Settlement Among Lenders 71 74 
 2.15 Increase in Revolving Credit Facility Commitments 72 75 
 2.16 Cash Collateral 74 76 
 11238955v2 11238955v21 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Section Page 

 2.17 Defaulting Lenders 75 77 
 2.18 FILO Facility 77 79 
 ARTICLE III TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY APPOINTMENT OF LEAD BORROWER 78 80 
 3.01 Taxes 78 80 
 3.02 Illegality 82 84 
 3.03 Inability to Determine Rates 83 84 
 3.04 Increased Costs 84 86 
 3.05 Compensation for Losses 85 87 
 3.06 Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders 86 88 
 3.07 Survival 86 88 
 3.08 Designation of Lead Borrower as Borrowers Agent 86 88 
 ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS 87 89 
 4.01 Conditions of Initial Credit Extension 87 89 
 4.02 Conditions to all Credit Extensions 89 91 
 ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 90 92 
 5.01 Existence, Qualification and Power 90 92 
 5.02 Authorization No Contravention 90 92 
 5.03 Governmental Authorization Other Consents 90 92 
 5.04 Binding Effect 90 92 
 5.05 Financial Statements No Material Adverse Effect 91 93 
 5.06 Litigation 91 93 
 5.07 No Default 91 93 
 5.08 Ownership of Property Liens 92 93 
 5.09 Intentionally Omitted . 92 94 
 5.10 Insurance 92 94 
 5.11 Taxes 92 94 
 5.12 ERISA Compliance 92 94 
 11238955v2 11238955v21 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Section Page 

 5.13 Subsidiaries Equity Interests 93 95 
 5.14 Margin Regulations Investment Company Act 93 95 
 5.15 Disclosure 93 95 
 5.16 Compliance with Laws 94 95 
 5.17 Intellectual Property Licenses, Etc 94 95 
 5.18 Labor Matters 94 95 
 5.19 Security Documents 94 96 
 5.20 Solvency 95 96 
 5.21 Deposit and Securities Accounts Credit Card Arrangements 95 96 
 5.22 Brokers 95 97 
 5.23 Customer and Trade Relations 95 97 
 5.24 Storage Locations 95 97 
 5.25 OFAC 95 97 
 5.26 Anti-Corruption Laws 96 97 
 5.27 Affected Financial Institutions 96 97 
 5.28 Covered Entity 97 
 ARTICLE VI AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 96 97 
 6.01 Financial Statements 96 97 
 6.02 Certificates Other Information 97 98 
 6.03 Notices 99 101 
 6.04 Payment of Obligations 100 102 
 6.05 Preservation of Existence, Etc 100 102 
 6.06 Maintenance of Properties 101 102 
 6.07 Maintenance of Insurance 101 102 
 6.08 Compliance with Laws 102 104 
 6.09 Books and Records Accountants Corporate Separateness 102 104 
 6.10 Inspection Rights Consultants 103 104 
 6.11 Use of Proceeds 103 105 
 11238955v2 11238955v21 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Section Page 

 6.12 Additional Loan Parties Additional Collateral Further Assurances 103 106 
 6.13 Cash Management 105 107 
 6.14 Information Regarding the Collateral 107 110 
 6.15 Physical Inventories 108 110 
 6.16 Licensed Merchandise Account 110 
 6.17 Intentionally Omitted. 108 
 6.18 Intentionally Omitted. 108 
 6.19 6.17 Compliance with ERISA 108 111 
 6.20 Intentionally Omitted. 108 
 6.21 6.18 Anti-Corruption Laws Sanctions 108 111 
 6.19 Specified Event Refinancing 111 
 ARTICLE VII NEGATIVE COVENANTS 108 112 
 7.01 Liens 108 112 
 7.02 Investments 111 115 
 7.03 Indebtedness Disqualified Stock 112 116 
 7.04 Fundamental Changes 114 117 
 7.05 Dispositions 114 118 
 7.06 Restricted Payments 115 119 
 7.07 Prepayments of Indebtedness 115 120 
 7.08 Change in Nature of Business 116 120 
 7.09 Transactions with Affiliates 116 120 
 7.10 Burdensome Agreements 116 120 
 7.11 Use of Proceeds 117 121 
 7.12 Amendment of Organizational Documents or , Material Indebtedness 117 or Certain Contracts 121 
 7.13 Corporate Name Fiscal Year 117 121 
 7.14 Deposit Accounts Credit Card Processors 117 121 
 11238955v2 11238955v21 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Section Page 

 7.15 Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio 117 Financial Covenants 122 
 7.16 Intentionally Omitted 117 Variance Covenant 122 
 7.17 Sanctions 117 122 
 7.18 Anti-Corruption Laws 118 122 
 ARTICLE VIII EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 118 122 
 8.01 Events of Default 118 122 
 8.02 Remedies Upon Event of Default 120 124 
 8.03 Application of Funds Proceeds 120 125 
 ARTICLE IX ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 122 127 
 9.01 Appointment and Authority 122 127 
 9.02 Rights as a Lender 123 127 
 9.03 Exculpatory Provisions 123 127 
 9.04 Reliance by Agents 124 128 
 9.05 Delegation of Duties 124 129 
 9.06 Resignation of Agents 125 129 
 9.07 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders 126 130 
 9.08 No Other Duties, Etc 126 131 
 9.09 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim 126 131 
 9.10 Collateral and Guaranty Matters 127 131 
 9.11 Notice of Transfer 128 132 
 9.12 Reports and Financial Statements 128 132 
 9.13 Agency for Perfection 129 133 
 9.14 Indemnification of Agents 129 133 
 9.15 Relation among Lenders 129 133 
 9.16 Recovery of Erroneous Payments 133 
 9.17 Certain ERISA Matters 134 
 9.18 Appointment for Perfection 134 
 11238955v2 11238955v21 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Section Page 

 ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS 129 135 
 10.01 Amendments, Etc 129 135 
 10.02 Notices Effectiveness Electronic Communications 131 137 
 10.03 No Waiver Cumulative Remedies Enforcement 133 138 
 10.04 Expenses Indemnity Damage Waiver 134 139 
 10.05 Payments Set Aside 136 140 
 10.06 Successors and Assigns 136 141 
 10.07 Treatment of Certain Information Confidentiality 140 145 
 10.08 Right of Setoff 141 145 
 10.09 Interest Rate Limitation 142 146 
 10.10 Counterparts Integration Effectiveness 142 Electronic Signatures 146 
 10.11 Survival 142 147 
 10.12 Severability 143 147 
 10.13 Replacement of Lenders 143 148 
 10.14 Governing Law Jurisdiction Etc 144 148 
 10.15 Waiver of Jury Trial 144 149 
 10.16 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 145 149 
 10.17 USA PATRIOT Act Notice 145 150 
 10.18 Foreign Assets Control Regulations 146 150 
 10.19 Time of the Essence 146 150 
 10.20 Press Releases 146 150 
 10.21 Additional Waivers Keepwell 146 151 
 10.22 No Strict Construction 148 152 
 10.23 Attachments 148 152 
 10.24 Copies and Facsimiles 148 153 
 10.25 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions 149 153 
 ARTICLE XI GUARANTY 149 153 
 11238955v2 11238955v21 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Section Page 

 11.01 Guaranty 149 153 
 11.02 Guaranty of Payment 149 153 
 11.03 No Discharge or Diminishment of Facility Guaranty 149 154 
 11.04 Defenses Waived 150 154 
 11.05 Rights of Subrogation 150 154 
 11.06 Reinstatement Stay of Acceleration 150 155 
 11.07 Information 151 155 
 11.08 Intentionally Omitted . 151 155 
 11.09 Maximum Liability 151 155 
 11.10 Contribution 151 155 
 11.11 Liability Cumulative 152 156 
 11.12 Release of Guarantors and Borrowers 152 156 
 11.13 Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 156 
 11.14 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 157 
 
 11238955v2 11238955v21 

SCHEDULES 
 1.01 Borrowers 
 1.03 Immaterial Subsidiaries 
 1.04 Existing Letters of Credit 
 2.01 Commitments and Applicable Percentages 
 5.01 Loan Parties Organizational Information 
 5.06 Litigation 
 5.10 Insurance 
 5.12 ERISA Events 
 5.13 Subsidiaries Equity Interests 
 5.18 Collective Bargaining Agreements 
 5.21(a) DDAs 
 5.21(b) Credit Card Arrangements 
 5.21(c) Securities Accounts 
 7.01 Other Permitted Liens 
 7.02 Other Permitted Investments 
 7.03 Other Permitted Indebtedness 
 10.02 Administrative Agent s Office Certain Addresses for Notices 
 
 EXHIBITS Form of 
 A-1 Committed Loan Notice 
 A-2 Reserved 
 A-3 Committed Loan Notice (FILO Facility) 
 B Swing Line Loan Notice 
 C-1 Committed Loan Note 
 C-2 Swing Line Note 
 C-3 FILO Note 
 D Compliance Certificate 
 11238955v2 11238955v21 

E Assignment and Assumption 
 F Borrowing Base Certificate 
 G Security Agreement 
 H Collateral Access Agreement 
 I Joinder Agreement 
 J DDA Notification 
 K Credit Card Notification 
 L Blocked Account Agreement 
 M General Notice 
 N-1-4 Tax Compliance Certificates 
 11238955v2 11238955v21 

CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 This CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Agreement is entered into as of August 3, 2015, among BARNES & NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. , a Delaware corporation (the Lead Borrower ), the Persons signatory hereto as borrowers and named on Schedule 1.01 hereto (collectively, together with the Lead Borrower and such other Persons as may be joined as a borrower from time to time in accordance herewith, the Borrowers ), each lender from time to time party hereto (collectively, the Lenders ), BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. , as Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent and Swing Line Lender, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , and TRUIST BANK, as Co-Syndication Agents, and CITIZENS BANK, N.A. and REGIONS BANK , as Co-Documentation Agents. 
 The Borrowers have requested that the Lenders provide a revolving credit facility, and the Lenders have indicated their willingness to lend and the LC Issuers have indicated their willingness to issue Letters of Credit, in each case on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows 
 ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 
 11.01 Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below 
 Accommodation Payment as defined in Section 10.21(d) . 
 Account means accounts as defined in the UCC, and also means, without limitation, a right to payment of a monetary obligation, whether or not earned by performance, (a) for property that has been or is to be sold, leased, licensed, assigned, or otherwise disposed of, (b) for services rendered or to be rendered, or (c) arising out of the use of a credit, debit or charge card or information contained on or for use with the card, including all payment intangibles (as defined in the UCC) consisting of amounts owing from credit card and debit card issuers and processors and all rights under contracts relating to the creation or collection of such payment intangibles. 
 Accounts Receivable Advance Rate means, with respect to the Borrowing Base, eighty-five percent (85.0 (the Initial Accounts Receivable Advance Rate ), provided that the Initial Accounts Receivable Advance Rate shall be immediately and automatically reduced by (i) 250 basis points upon the occurrence of each Specified Event Closing Date (if any) that is not a Specified Event Advance Rate Reduction Date (which reduction in the Initial Accounts Receivable Advance Rate pursuant to this clause (i) shall be in addition to any prior reduction thereof pursuant to this clause (i) or clause (iii) below), (ii) (A) 500 basis points upon any Specified Event Advance Rate Reduction Date (if any) if no Specified Event Closing Date has occurred prior to such Specified Event Advance Rate Reduction Date or (B) 250 basis points upon any Specified Event Advance Rate Reduction Date if any Specified Event Closing Date that was not a Specified Event Advance Rate Reduction Date has previously occurred (which reduction in the Initial Accounts Receivable Advance Rate pursuant to this clause (ii) shall be in addition to any prior reduction thereof pursuant to the foregoing clause (i) or clause (iii) below provided, however, that in no event shall the aggregate reductions to the Initial Accounts Receivable Advance Rate pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) of this definition exceed 500 basis points), and (iii) 500 basis points on September 29, 2023 (which reduction in the Initial Receivable Advance Rate pursuant to this clause (iii) shall be in addition to any prior reduction thereof pursuant to the preceding clauses (i) and (ii)). 
 ACH means automated clearing house transfers. 
 Acquired Companies means MBS Textbook Exchange, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, MBS Direct, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, TXTB.COM LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, TextbookCenter LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, MBS Internet, 
 11238955v2 11238955v21 

LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, MBS Automation LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and MBS Service Company LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Acquisition means, with respect to any Person (a) the purchase of a Controlling interest in the Equity Interests of any other Person, (b) a purchase or other acquisition of all or substantially all of the assets or properties of another Person or of any business unit or line of business of another Person (other than acquisitions or openings of new stores in the ordinary course of business), (c) any Material Store Acquisition or (d) any merger or consolidation of such Person with any other Person or other transaction or series of transactions resulting in the acquisition of all or substantially all of the assets, or a Controlling interest in the Equity Interests, of any Person. 
 Actual Cash Receipts means the amount of all cash proceeds from ordinary course operations actually received by the Loan Parties during the relevant period of determination, as determined in a manner consistent with the Approved Budget, excluding proceeds of any Indebtedness. 
 Actual Disbursement Amounts means the amount of all disbursements actually paid by the Loan Parties during the relevant period of determination, as determined in a manner consistent with the Approved Budget. 
 Actual Inventory Receipts means the sum of all inventory receipts actually received by the Loan Parties during the relevant period of determination, as determined in a manner consistent with the Approved Budget. 
 Actual Net Cash Flow means the actual net cash flow of the Loan Parties as of the relevant date of determination which corresponds to the budgeted net cash flow of the Loan Parties during the relevant period of determination, as determined in a manner consistent with the Approved Budget. 
 Additional Commitment Lender shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.15(c) . 
 Adjustment Date means, prior to the Third Amendment Effective Date, the first calendar day of each January, April, July and October of the Lead Borrower commencing with the first such day occurring after the Closing Date, and on after the Third Amendment Effective Date, the first calendar day occurring immediately after the last day of each Fiscal Quarter of the Lead Borrower. 
 Administrative Agent means Bank of America in its capacity as administrative agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor administrative agent. 
 Administrative Agent Consultant has the meaning specified in Section 6.10(d). 
 Administrative Agent s Office means the Administrative Agent s address and, as appropriate, account as set forth on Schedule 10.02 , or such other address or account as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify the Lead Borrower and the Lenders. 
 Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire for each Lender in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 
 Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. 
 Agent(s) means, individually, the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, and collectively means both of them. 
 Agent Parties shall have the meaning specified in Section 10.02(c) . 
 11238955v2 
 2 
 11238955v21 

Aggregate Commitments means for all purposes under the Loan Documents, the Commitments of all the Revolving Lenders. The Aggregate Commitments as of the Second Sixth Amendment Effective Date, total 400,000,000 380,000,000 . 
 Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments means the aggregate amount of all FILO Facility Commitments of all the FILO Lenders. The Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments as of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date total 40,000,000. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, unless otherwise earlier terminated in accordance herewith, the Aggregate FILO Commitments for the period (a) from the Second Amendment Effective Date through July 31, 2019, shall not exceed 100,000,000, (b) from August 1, 2019, through July 31, 2020, shall not exceed 75,000,000, (c) from August 1, 2020, through July 31, 2021, shall not exceed 50,000,000, (e) from and after August 1, 2021, through July 31, 2022, shall not exceed 40,000,000, and (f) thereafter, shall not exceed 0. 
 Aggregate Loan Cap means, at any time of determination, an amount equal to the lesser of (a) the Aggregate Commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility at such time plus the Aggregate FILO Commitments at such time and (b) the Borrowing Base plus the Total Outstandings under the FILO Facility at such time. 
 Agreement means this Credit Agreement. 
 Allocable Amount has the meaning specified in Section 10.21(d) . 
 Applicable Commitment Fee Percentage means (a) with respect to the FILO Facility, at all times that no FILO Draw Period is in effect, 0.375 per annum, and (b) with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility, the applicable percentage set forth in the grid below determined on the Closing Date and, thereafter, on the first calendar day of each January, April, July and October of each year, in each case based upon the Average Usage for the most recently completed prior Fiscal Quarter 
 Commitments 
 Average Usage 
 Applicable Commitment Fee Percentage 
 Less than 50.0 of the Aggregate Commitments 
 0.375 
 Equal to or greater than 50.0 of the Aggregate Commitments 
 0.250 

Applicable FILO Availability Threshold means (a) with respect to any FILO Draw Period commencing in or prior to 2019, 100,000,000, (b) with respect to any FILO Draw Period commencing in 2020, 90,000,000, (c) with respect to any FILO Draw Period commencing in 2021, 100,000,000, and (d) with respect to any FILO Draw Period commencing in or after 2022, 110,000,000. 
 Applicable Margin means, (a) with respect to Credit Extensions under the Revolving Credit Facility, (i) from and after the Third Amendment Effective Date until the first Adjustment Date thereafter, the Applicable Margin shall be set at the percentages set forth in Level II of the applicable pricing grid below (ii) from and after the first Adjustment Date occurring after the Third Amendment Effective Date (and each subsequent Adjustment Date) until the next Adjustment Date, the Applicable Margin shall be determined from the following applicable pricing grid based upon the Average Daily Availability for the Fiscal Quarter ending the day immediately preceding such starting Adjustment Date provided , however , that notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, upon the occurrence of an Event of Default or the Termination Date, the Administrative Agent shall, at the direction of the 
 11238955v2 
 3 
 11238955v21 

Required Lenders, immediately increase the Applicable Margin to that set forth in Level I of the applicable pricing grid (even if the Average Daily Availability requirements for a different Level have been met) provided , further , that if the information set forth in any Borrowing Base Certificate or any other certificate provided by the Loan Parties that is applicable to the calculation of the Applicable Margin otherwise proves to be false or incorrect such that the Applicable Margin would have been higher than was otherwise in effect during any period, without constituting a waiver of any Default arising as a result thereof, interest due under this Agreement shall be immediately recalculated at such higher rate for any applicable periods and shall be due and payable on demand and Sixth Amendment Effective Date (i) in the case of any Term SOFR Loan, 3.375 per annum and (ii) in the case of any Base Rate Loan, 2.375 per annum and (b) with respect to Credit Extensions under the FILO Facility on or after the Third Amendment Effective Date, means (x) with respect to a Term SOFR Loan, 3.750 per annum and (y) with respect to a Base Rate Loan, 2.750 per annum. (if any), the percentages per annum as may be agreed from time to time by the Borrowers and the Lenders providing such FILO Facility. 
 Credit Extensions Applicable Margin Level Average Daily Availability Term SOFR 
 Margin 
 Base Rate 
 Margin 
 I 33.0 of the Loan Cap 2.000 1.000 II 33.0 of the Loan Cap but 66.0 of the Loan Cap 
 1.750 0.750 III 66.0 of the Loan Cap 1.500 0.500 
 
 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Applicable Margin with respect to any period preceding the Second Amendment Effective Date, the Third Amendment Effective Date or , the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, or the Sixth Amendment Effective Date shall be the Applicable Rate as in effect immediately prior to giving effect to the Second Amendment Effective Date , the Third Amendment or Effective Date, the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, or the Sixth Amendment Effective Date , as applicable. 
 Applicable Percentage means with respect to any Lender at any time, the percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) of the Aggregate Commitments or Aggregate FILO Commitments, as the context may require, represented by such Lender s Commitment at such time, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2.17 . If the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and the obligation of the LC Issuers to make LC Credit Extensions have been terminated pursuant to Section 8.02 or if the Aggregate Commitments or Aggregate FILO Commitments have expired, then the Applicable Percentage of each such Lender shall be determined based on the Applicable Percentage of such Lender most recently in effect, giving effect to any subsequent assignments. The Applicable Percentage of each Lender as of the Second Sixth Amendment Effective Date is set forth opposite the name of such Lender on Schedule 2.01 to the Second Sixth Amendment or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable. 
 Applicable Rate means, at any time of calculation, a per annum rate equal to the Applicable Margin for any Loans which are Term SOFR Loans with respect to Credit Extensions. 
 11238955v2 
 4 
 11238955v21 

Appraisal Percentage means, with respect to the Borrowing Base, ninety percent (90.0 . (the Initial Appraisal Percentage ), provided that the Initial Appraisal Percentage shall be immediately and automatically reduced by (i) 250 basis points upon the occurrence of each Specified Event Closing Date (if any) that is not a Specified Event Advance Rate Reduction Date (which reduction in the Initial Appraisal Percentage pursuant to this clause (i) shall be in addition to any prior reduction thereof pursuant to this clause (i) or clause (iii) below), (ii) (A) 500 basis points upon any Specified Event Advance Rate Reduction Date (if any) if no Specified Event Closing Date has occurred prior to such Specified Event Advance Rate Reduction Date or (B) 250 basis points upon any Specified Event Advance Rate Reduction Date if any Specified Event Closing Date that was not a Specified Event Advance Rate Reduction Date has previously occurred (which reduction in the Initial Appraisal Percentage pursuant to this clause (ii) shall be in addition to any prior reduction thereof pursuant to the foregoing clause (i) or clause (iii) below provided, however, that in no event shall the aggregate reductions to the Initial Appraisal Percentage pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) of this definition exceed 500 basis points), and (iii) 500 basis points on September 29, 2023 (which reduction in the Initial Receivable Advance Rate pursuant to this clause (iii) shall be in addition to any prior reduction thereof pursuant to the preceding clauses (i) and (ii)). 
 Approved Budget shall initially mean the Sixth Amendment Cash Flow Forecast and thereafter shall mean, as of any date of determination, the most recently delivered Approved Budget Update. 
 Approved Budget Update means an update to the Approved Budget then in effect pursuant to Section 6.02(b) for the 13-week period commencing as of the Saturday of such week, which (i) shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, (ii) shall roll forward the most recent Approved Budget, which may re-forecast any prospective periods (it being understood that historical periods shall not be re-forecasted for purposes of the applicable Approved Budget Variance Report) (such forecasting to be prepared in good faith upon assumptions believed by the Lead Borrowers to be reasonable in light of circumstances and (iii) if a Specified Event has not occurred on or prior to May 31, 2023 (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree in its sole discretion, unless the Required Lenders otherwise direct the Administrative Agent in writing), shall not be effective until approved by the Administrative Agent in its discretion. 
 Approved Budget Variance Report means a weekly report, prepared by the Lead Borrower (after consultation with the Borrower Consultant) and provided by the Lead Borrower to the Administrative Agent, and as certified by Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower as being true, correct and complete in all material respects (a) showing by line item Actual Cash Receipts, Actual Disbursement Amounts, Actual Inventory Receipts, and Actual Net Cash Flow as of the last day of the Cumulative Four-Week Period then ended, noting therein all variances, on a line-item basis, from amounts set forth for such period in the Approved Budget for such Cumulative Four-Week Period, and shall include explanations for all material variances, together with back-up schedules and supporting information as reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent and (b) reflecting the variance percentages and amounts to determine compliance with Section 7.16 hereof, if applicable. The Approved Budget Variance Report shall be in a form, and shall contain supporting information, reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 Arranger(s) means, individually, Bank of America, N.A. (or any other registered broker-dealer wholly-owned by Bank of America Corporation to which all or substantially all of Bank of America Corporation s or any of its subsidiaries investment banking, commercial lending services or related businesses may be transferred following the date of this Agreement), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, and Truist Bank Securities , and collectively, all of them, in each case, in their capacity as Joint Lead Arrangers. 
 Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 10.06(b)) , and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit E or any other form (including electronic documentation generated by use of an electronic platform) approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Attributable Indebtedness means, on any date, (a) in respect of any Capital Lease Obligation of any Person, the capitalized amount thereof that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared 
 11238955v2 
 5 
 11238955v21 

as of such date in accordance with GAAP, and (b) in respect of any Synthetic Lease Obligation, the capitalized amount of the remaining lease or similar payments under the relevant lease or other applicable agreement or instrument that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP if such lease, agreement or instrument were accounted for as a capital lease. 
 Audited Financial Statements means (i) the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended May 2, 2015, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, Shareholders Equity and cash flows for such fiscal year of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including the notes thereto, and (ii) the audited financial statements delivered to the Administrative Agent from time to time pursuant to Section 6.01(a) . 
 Auto-Extension Letter of Credit shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.03(b)(iii) . 
 Availability means as of any date of determination an amount equal to (a) with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility, the greater of (i)(A) the Loan Cap as of such date minus (B) Total Outstandings under the Revolving Credit Facility as of such date and (ii) zero, and (b) with respect to both Facilities, the greater of (i)(A) the Aggregate Loan Cap as of such date minus (B) Total Outstandings under both Facilities as of such date and (ii) zero. 
 Availability Event means the failure of the Borrowers to maintain Availability at least equal to the greater of (a) twelve and one half one-half percent (12.50 of the Loan Cap or (b) 35,000,000 and such failure shall continue for a period of five (5) or more consecutive Business Days. 
 Availability Period means the period from and including the Closing Date to the earliest of (a) the Maturity Date, (b) the date of termination of the Aggregate Commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility in full pursuant to Section 2.06 , and (c) the date of termination of the Commitment of each Lender to make Loans and of the obligation of the LC Issuers to make LC Credit Extensions pursuant to Section 8.02 . 
 Availability Reserves means, without duplication of any other Reserves or items that are otherwise addressed or excluded through eligibility criteria, such reserves as the Administrative Agent from time to time determines in its Permitted Discretion as being appropriate (a) to reflect the impediments to the Agents ability to realize upon the Collateral, (b) to reflect claims and liabilities that the Administrative Agent determines in its Permitted Discretion will need to be satisfied in connection with the realization upon the Collateral (which, for the avoidance of any doubt, include the amount of all such claims and liabilities (including costs, expenses and professional fees and expenses) that may be incurred in connection with any insolvency or restructuring proceeding relating to the Loan Parties (as reasonably estimated by the Agents in their Permitted Discretion)) or (c) to reflect criteria, events, conditions, contingencies or risks which adversely affect any component of the Borrowing Base. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Availability Reserves may include, in the Administrative Agent s Permitted Discretion, (but are not limited to) reserves based on (i) rent (ii) customs duties, and other costs to release Inventory that is (A) included in the Borrowing Base and (B) being imported into the United States (iii) outstanding Taxes and other governmental charges, including, without limitation, ad valorem, real estate, personal property, sales, and other Taxes, in each case which may have priority over the interests of the Collateral Agent in the Collateral (iv) salaries, wages and benefits due to employees of any Borrower, (v) Customer Credit Liabilities, (vi) warehousemen s or bailee s charges and other Permitted Encumbrances which may have priority over the interests of the Collateral Agent in the Collateral (other than Excluded Assets), (vii) Cash Management Reserves, and (viii) Bank Products Reserves. 
 Average Daily Availability means, as of any date of determination, the average daily Availability for the immediately preceding Fiscal Quarter. 
 Average Usage means, as of any date of determination, the average daily balance of all Credit Extensions (excluding Swing Line Loans and FILO Loans) in the immediately preceding Fiscal Quarter. 
 B&N Parties means Barnes & Noble and all of its Subsidiaries immediately after giving effect to the Spin-Off (which, for the avoidance of doubt, excludes the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries). 
 11238955v2 
 6 
 11238955v21 

Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 Bail-In Legislation means, (a)with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014 59 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, rule, regulation or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 Bank of America means Bank of America, N.A. and its successors. 
 Bank Products means any Swap Contracts provided to any Loan Party by a Lender or any of its Affiliates. 
 Bank Products Reserves means such reserves as the Administrative Agent from time to time determines in its Permitted Discretion as being appropriate to reflect the liabilities and obligations of the Loan Parties with respect to Bank Products then provided or outstanding. 
 Barnes & Noble means Barnes & Noble, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 Base Rate means for any day a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus 1 2 of 1.00 , (b) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by Bank of America as its prime rate, (c) Term SOFR plus 1.00 and (d) 1.00 . The prime rate is a rate set by Bank of America based upon various factors including Bank of America s costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate. Any change in such prime rate announced by Bank of America shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of such change. If the Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 3.03 hereof, then the Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a), (b) and (d) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. 
 Base Rate Loan means a Loan that bears interest based on the Base Rate. 
 Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning specified in Section 11.14(b) . 
 Blocked Account has the meaning provided in Section 6.13(a)(iv) . 
 Blocked Account Agreement means with respect to an account established by a Loan Party, an agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit L hereto or otherwise in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, establishing Control (as defined in the Security Agreement) of such account by the Collateral Agent and whereby the bank maintaining such account agrees, during any Cash Dominion Trigger Period, to comply only with the instructions originated by the Collateral Agent without the further consent of any Loan Party. 
 Blocked Account Bank means each bank with whom deposit accounts are maintained in which any funds of any of the Loan Parties from one or more DDAs are concentrated and with whom a Blocked Account Agreement has been, or is required to be, executed in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 Borrower and Borrowers have the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. 
 11238955v2 
 7 
 11238955v21 

Borrower Consultant has the meaning specified in Section 6.10(c). 
 Borrower Materials has the meaning specified in Section 6.02 . 
 Borrowing means a Committed Borrowing or a Swing Line Borrowing, as the context may require. 
 Borrowing Base means, at any time of calculation, an amount equal to 
 (a) the face amount of Eligible Credit Card Receivables multiplied by ninety percent (90.0 the Credit Card Receivables Advance Rate 
 plus 
 (b) the face amount of Eligible Accounts Receivables (net of Receivables Reserves applicable thereto) multiplied by eighty-five percent (85.0 the Accounts Receivable Advance Rate 
 plus 
 (c) the Net Orderly Liquidation Value of the Borrower s Eligible Inventory, net of Inventory Reserves not already reflected in Net Orderly Liquidation Value, multiplied by the Appraisal Percentage, including the Net Orderly Liquidation Value of Eligible Rental Inventory provided , that Availability generated by Eligible Rental Inventory as of any date of calculation of the Borrowing Base shall not exceed the greater of (i) the lesser of (A) 75,000,000 50,000,000 and (B) thirty percent (30.0 of the Borrowing Base as of such time, and (ii) twenty-five fifteen percent 25.0 15.0 of the Borrowing Base at such time 
 minus 
 (d) without duplication of any Reserves applied in clauses (a) (c) above, any FILO Reserve and all other then existing then-existing Availability Reserves. 
 The Borrowing Base at any time shall be determined by reference to the most recent Borrowing Base Certificate delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 6.02(b), and adjusted to give effect to any Reserves implemented or modified following such delivery and or any reductions in advance rates following such delivery. 
 Borrowing Base Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F hereto (with such changes therein as may be reasonably required by the Administrative Agent to reflect the components of and reserves against the Borrowing Base as provided for hereunder from time to time), executed and certified as accurate and complete by a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower which shall include appropriate exhibits, schedules, supporting documentation, and additional reports as reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent. 
 Bridge Loan Period means the period from June 7, 2022 until (i) if no Qualifying Refinancing Transaction has occurred, the date that the Subordinated Term Loan Obligations are paid in full or (ii) if the Subordinated Term Loan Agreement is refinanced pursuant to a Qualifying Refinancing Transaction, the later of (x) the date that the Subordinated Term Loan Obligations are paid in full and (y) if elected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion based upon the terms and conditions of such refinancing facility, the date that the Indebtedness under such refinancing facility is paid in full. 
 Bridge Loan Period means the period from June 7, 2022 until the date that all Secured Obligations are Fully Satisfied. 
 11238955v2 
 8 
 11238955v21 

Budgeted Disbursement Amounts means the line items contained in the Approved Budget under the heading Total Operating Disbursements (or words of similar import) during the relevant period of determination as set forth in the Approved Budget. 
 Business means any and all business engaged in by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof on the date hereof and any other business reasonably related, incidental or complimentary thereto. 
 Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the Laws of, or are in fact closed in, the state where the Administrative Agent s Office is located or in New York, New York. 
 Buy-Back Standstill Period means, with respect to any Loan Party, the period during which (a) a the Cash Dominion Trigger Period has occurred and is continuing, (b) the Borrowers have maintained Availability equal to or greater than twelve and one half percent (12.5 of the Aggregate Loan Cap at all times and (c) such Loan Party is engaged in Permitted Buy-Back Programs provided, however, notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, a Buy-Back Standstill Period shall not be in effect at any time from and after the Sixth Amendment Effective Date . 
 Buy-Back Trigger Period means any portion of a Cash Dominion Trigger Period that is not a Buy-Back Standstill Period all times from and after the Sixth Amendment Effective Date . For the avoidance of doubt, the existence of a Buy-Back Trigger Period (other than as a result of an Event of Default) shall not, in and of itself, impair the right of the Borrowers to borrow Committed Loans in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof. 
 Buy-Back Trigger Period Accounts has the meaning specified in Section 6.13(e) . 
 Capital Expenditures means, with respect to any Person for any period, (a) all expenditures made (whether made in the form of cash or other property) or costs incurred for the acquisition or improvement of fixed or capital assets of such Person (excluding normal replacements and maintenance which are properly charged to current operations), in each case that are (or should be) set forth as capital expenditures in a consolidated statement of cash flows of such Person for such period, in each case prepared in accordance with GAAP, and (b) Capital Lease Obligations incurred by a Person during such period, provided , however , that Capital Expenditures for the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall not include 
 (i) expenditures to the extent they are made with proceeds of the issuance of Equity Interests of the Lead Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, 
 (ii) expenditures with proceeds of insurance settlements, condemnation awards and other settlements in respect of lost, destroyed, damaged or condemned assets, equipment or other property to the extent such proceeds are not otherwise used or required to be used to prepay the Obligations or Cash Collateralize the outstanding LC Obligations pursuant to the terms hereunder, 
 (iii) expenditures that are accounted for as capital expenditures of the Lead Borrower or any Subsidiary that are actually paid for by other third party, including tenant allowances under leases and other amounts paid by landlords, and for which neither the Lead Borrower nor any Subsidiary has provided or is required to provide or incur, directly or indirectly, any consideration or obligation to such third party or any other Person (whether before, during or after such period), 
 (iv) the book value of any asset owned by the Lead Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries prior to or during such period to the extent that such book value is included as a capital expenditure during such period as a result of the Lead Borrower or such Subsidiary reusing or beginning to reuse such asset during such period without a corresponding expenditure actually having been made in such period, and 
 (v) the purchase price of equipment purchased during such period to the extent the consideration therefor consists of any combination of (i) used or surplus equipment traded in at 
 11238955v2 
 9 
 11238955v21 

the time of such purchase and (ii) the proceeds of a concurrent sale of used or surplus equipment, in each case, in the ordinary course of business, to the extent such proceeds are not otherwise used or required to be used to prepay the Obligations or Cash Collateralize the outstanding LC Obligations pursuant to the terms hereunder. 
 Capital Lease Obligations means, with respect to any Person for any period, the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as liabilities on a consolidated balance sheet of such Person under GAAP and the amount of which obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 Cash Collateralize means to pledge and deposit with or deliver to the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of one or more of the Credit Parties, as collateral for LC Obligations or obligations of the Lenders to fund participations in respect of LC Obligations or as security for any other payment of the Secured Obligations and pursuant to documentation in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, in an amount equal to the Minimum Collateral Amount. Cash Collateralization and Cash Collateral have a correlative meaning. 
 Cash Dominion Trigger Event means (a) the occurrence of an Event of Default or , (b) the occurrence of an Availability Event or (c) the occurrence of the Sixth Amendment Effective Date . 
 Cash Dominion Trigger Period means the period beginning upon the occurrence of a Cash Dominion Trigger Event and ending on (a) if such Cash Dominion Trigger Event arises as a result of an Event of Default, the date such Event of Default is waived in accordance with this Agreement, or (b) if such Cash Dominion Trigger Event arises as a result of an Availability Event, the date Availability has equaled or exceeded the greater of (i) twelve and one half percent (12.5 of the Loan Cap or (ii) 35,000,000 for a period of thirty (30) consecutive calendar days , or (c) if such Cash Dominion Trigger Event arises as a result of the occurrence of the Sixth Amendment Effective Date, the date that all Secured Obligations are Fully Satisfied provided , however , that if any Cash Dominion Trigger Event shall have occurred and the resulting Cash Dominion Trigger Period ended for any reason hereunder on five (5) occasions, the Cash Dominion Trigger Period for any subsequent (sixth) Cash Dominion Trigger Event shall be unlimited in duration and such Cash Dominion Trigger Period shall continue for the remainder of the term of this Agreement. 
 Cash Management Reserves means such reserves as the Administrative Agent, from time to time, determines in its Permitted Discretion as being appropriate to reflect the reasonably anticipated liabilities and obligations of the Loan Parties with respect to Cash Management Services then provided or outstanding. 
 Cash Management Services means any one or more of the following types or services or facilities provided to any Loan Party by a Lender or any of its Affiliates (a) ACH transactions, (b) cash management services, including, without limitation, controlled disbursement services (including e-payables), treasury, depository, overdraft, and electronic funds transfer services, (c) foreign exchange facilities, (d) supply chain finance and (e) credit cards, debit cards, payroll cards, store value cards and purchasing cards (including purchasing cards provided pursuant to agreements entered into from time to time between the Lead Borrower and any Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender) and related processing services. 
 CFC means a Person that is a controlled foreign corporation under Section 957 of the Code. 
 Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority provided , that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in the 
 11238955v2 
 10 
 11238955v21 

implementation thereof and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law , regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. 
 Change of Control means an event or series of events by which 
 (a) any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, but excluding any employee benefit plan of such person or its subsidiaries, and any person or entity acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan) (other than Leonard Riggio, his spouse, his lineal descendants, and trusts for the exclusive benefit of any such individuals or the executor or administrator of the estate or the legal representative of any of such individuals or any entity controlled by them) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except that a person or group shall be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such person or group has the right to acquire, whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time (such right, an option right )), directly or indirectly, of 40.0 or more of the Equity Interests of the Lead Borrower entitled to vote for members of the board of directors or equivalent governing body of the Lead Borrower on a fully-diluted basis (including taking into account all such Equity Interests that such person or group has the right to acquire pursuant to any option right) or 
 (b) any change in control or similar event as defined in any document governing the Permitted Senior Debt or 
 (c) the Lead Borrower ceases to own, directly or indirectly, 100 of the Equity Interests of any Loan Party, except where such failure is as a result of a transaction expressly permitted, or otherwise not prohibited, by the Loan Documents. 
 Closing Date means the first date all the conditions precedent in Section 4.01 are satisfied or waived in accordance with Section 10.01 . 
 CME means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited. 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and the regulations promulgated thereunder, as amended and in effect. 
 Co-Documentation Agent means each of the co-documentation agents identified on the cover page of this Agreement. 
 Collateral means any and all Collateral as defined in any applicable Security Document and all other property that is or is intended under the terms of the Security Documents to be subject to Liens in favor of the Collateral Agent. 
 Collateral Access Agreement means an agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit H hereto or such other form as agreed to by the Collateral Agent in its Permitted Discretion and in each case otherwise reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Agents executed by (a) a bailee or other Person in possession of Collateral, and (b) a landlord of Real Estate leased by any Loan Party, in each case, including provisions pursuant to which such Person (i) acknowledges the Collateral Agent s Lien on the Collateral, (ii) releases or subordinates such Person s Liens, if any, in the Collateral held by such Person or located on such Real Estate, and (iii) as to any landlord, provides the Collateral Agent with access to the Collateral located in or on such Real Estate and a reasonable time to sell and dispose of the Collateral from such Real Estate. 
 Collateral Agent means Bank of America, acting in such capacity for its own benefit and the ratable benefit of the other Credit Parties. 
 11238955v2 
 11 
 11238955v21 

Collateral License has the meaning provided for such term in the Security Agreement. 
 Commercial Letter of Credit means any letter of credit or similar instrument (excluding bankers acceptances) issued for the purpose of providing the primary payment mechanism in connection with the purchase of any materials, goods or services by the Lead Borrower or any other Loan Party in the ordinary course of business of such Person. 
 Commitment means, as to each Lender, its obligation to (a) make Committed Loans to the Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.01(a) , (b) purchase participations in LC Obligations, (c) make FILO Loans to the Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.18 , and or (d) purchase participations in Swing Line Loans, in each case to the extent applicable to such Lender, in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 2.01 or in any Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. 
 Commitment Increase shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.15(d) . 
 Committed Borrowing means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Committed Loans of the same Type and, in the case of Term SOFR Loans, having the same Interest Period made by each of the Revolving Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01(a) or by each of the FILO Lenders pursuant to Section 2.18 , as the case may be. 
 Committed Loan means the collective reference to FILO Loans and Revolving Loans, or any of them, as the context may require. 
 Committed Loan Notice means a notice of a (a) Committed Borrowing, (b) a conversion of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, or (c) a continuation of Term SOFR Loans, pursuant to Section 2.02(a) or Section 2.18 which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A-1 or Exhibit A-3 , or such other form as may be approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. 
 Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq .), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. 
 Communication has the meaning specified in Section 10.10 . 
 Compliance Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit D . 
 Concentration Account has the meaning provided in Section 6.13(c) . 
 Confirmation Agreement means that certain Confirmation, Ratification and Acknowledgement of Ancillary Loan Documents, dated as of the Sixth Amendment Effective Date, among the Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent. 
 Conforming Changes means, with respect to the use, administration of or any conventions associated with SOFR or any proposed Successor Rate or Term SOFR, as applicable, any conforming changes to the definitions of Base Rate , SOFR , Term SOFR and Interest Period , timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other technical, administrative or operational matters (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the definitions of Business Day and U.S. Government Securities Business Day , timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices and length of lookback periods) as may be appropriate, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, to reflect the adoption and implementation of such applicable rate(s) and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or that no market practice for the administration of such rate exists, in such 
 11238955v2 
 12 
 11238955v21 

other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent determines is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and any other Loan Document). 
 Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
 Consent means actual consent given by a Lender from whom such consent is sought. 
 Consolidated means, when used to modify a financial term, test, statement, or report of a Person, the application or preparation of such term, test, statement or report (as applicable) based upon the consolidation, in accordance with GAAP, of the financial condition or operating results of such Person and its Subsidiaries. 
 Consolidated Adjusted Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio means, at any date of determination for the purpose of determining whether a particular Restricted Payment or prepayment of Indebtedness (each a Subject Transaction may be consummated pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, the ratio of (a) Consolidated EBITDA for such period minus (i) Capital Expenditures (other than in connection with Permitted Acquisitions) made during such period minus (ii) the aggregate amount of Federal, state, local and foreign income taxes paid in cash or required to be paid in cash during such period to (b) the sum of (i) Debt Service Charges other than including the prepayments of principal in the Subject Transaction) plus (ii) the aggregate amount of all Restricted Payments made in cash other than including those made in the Subject Transaction and, if the Subject Transaction is a repurchase of equity interests, all repurchases related to such Subject Transaction that have previously been made as part of a single stock repurchase plan approved by the board of directors of the Lead Borrower, if any), in each case, of or by the Lead Borrower and the other Loan Parties for the most recently completed Measurement Period, all as determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 
 Consolidated EBITDA means, at any date of determination, an amount equal to Consolidated Net Income of the Lead Borrower and the other Loan Parties on a consolidated basis for the most recently completed Measurement Period, plus (a) the following to the extent deducted in calculating such Consolidated Net Income (i) Consolidated Interest Charges, (ii) the provision for Federal, state, local and foreign income Taxes (net of any tax credits), (iii) depreciation and amortization expense, (iv) other expenses or losses reducing such Consolidated Net Income which do not represent a cash item in such period (including LIFO reserves) or any future period, and (v) expenses deducted in such period resulting from the issuance of Equity Interests permitted hereunder, provided, that such expenses are and will be non-cash items in the period when taken and in all later fiscal periods, (vi) fees and expenses incurred on or prior to the First Amendment Effective Date arising from the First Amendment Acquisition and the First Amendment, (vii) costs incurred after the First Amendment Effective Date but prior to the second anniversary of the First Amendment Effective Date associated with the implementation of public company compliance procedures of the Acquired Companies, and (viii) one time charges with respect to restructuring expenses (including, without limitation, employee retirement expenses) incurred at any time from the Closing Date through and including the first anniversary of the Second Amendment Effective Date, in an aggregate amount not to exceed 12,500,000, minus (b) all non-cash gains increasing Consolidated Net Income (in each case of or by the Lead Borrower and the other Loan Parties for such Measurement Period), all as determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP provided, that Consolidated EBITDA shall be calculated to exclude (1) the effects of purchase accounting and transaction bonuses, to the extent such bonuses offset the purchase price of the First Amendment Acquisition and (2) all gains or income arising from the Disposition of any capital asset, subsidiary, division, business or line of business . 
 Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio means, at any date of determination, the ratio of (a) Consolidated EBITDA for such period minus (i) Capital Expenditures (other than in connection with Permitted Acquisitions) made during such period minus (ii) the aggregate amount of Federal, state, local and foreign income taxes paid in cash or required to be paid in cash during such period to (b) the sum of (i) Debt Service Charges plus (ii) the aggregate amount of all Restricted Payments made in cash, in each case, of or by the Lead Borrower and the other Loan Parties for the most recently completed Measurement Period, all as determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 
 11238955v2 
 13 
 11238955v21 

Consolidated Interest Charges means, for any Measurement Period, the sum of (a) all interest, premium payments, debt discount, fees, charges and related expenses in connection with borrowed money (including capitalized interest) or in connection with the deferred purchase price of assets, in each case to the extent treated as interest in accordance with GAAP, including, without limitation, all commissions, discounts and other fees and charges owed with respect to letters of credit and bankers acceptance financing and net costs under Swap Contracts, but excluding any non-cash or deferred interest financing costs, and (b) the portion of rent expense with respect to such period under Capital Lease Obligations or Synthetic Lease Obligations that is treated as interest in accordance with GAAP, in each case of or by the Lead Borrower and the other Loan Parties for the most recently completed Measurement Period, all as determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 
 Consolidated Net Income means, as of any date of determination, the net income of the Lead Borrower and the other Loan Parties for the most recently completed Measurement Period, all as determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, provided , however, that there shall be excluded (a) extraordinary gains (or extraordinary losses) for such Measurement Period, (b) the income (or loss) of any Subsidiary during such Measurement Period in which any other Person has a joint interest, except to the extent of the amount of cash dividends or other distributions actually paid in cash by such Subsidiary during such period, (c) the income (or loss) of any Person during such Measurement Period and accrued prior to the date it becomes a Loan Party or is merged into or consolidated with a Loan Party or such Person s assets are acquired by a Loan Party, and (d) the income of any Loan Party to the extent that the declaration or payment of dividends or similar distributions by that Loan Party of that income is not at the time permitted by operation of the terms of its Organization Documents or any agreement, instrument, judgment, decree, order, statute, rule or governmental regulation applicable to that Loan Party. 
 Contractual Obligation means, as to any Person, any provision of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. 
 Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 
 Covered Party has the meaning specified in Section 11.14(a) . 
 Cost means the lower of cost or market value of Inventory, based upon the Borrowers accounting practices, known to the Administrative Agent, which practices are in effect on the Closing Date as such calculated cost is determined from invoices received by the Borrowers and reported on the Borrowers stock ledger. Cost may include freight charges inbound either to the Borrowers distribution centers or by direct shipments to Stores in amounts consistent with reporting on the Borrowers stock ledgers but shall not include inventory capitalization costs or other non-purchase price charges (such as freight charges outbound from the Borrowers distributions centers) used in the Borrowers calculation of cost of goods sold. 
 Co-Syndication Agent means each of the co-syndication agents identified on the cover page of this Agreement. 
 Covered Entity means any of the following (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b) (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b) or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 
 Covered Party has the meaning specified in Section 11.14(a). 
 Credit Card Notifications has the meaning provided in Section 6.13(a)(ii) . 
 Credit Card Receivables means each Account (as defined in the UCC) and Payment Intangible (as defined in the UCC) consisting of amounts owing from credit card and debit card issuers and processors, together with all income, payments and proceeds thereof, owed by a major credit card 
 11238955v2 
 14 
 11238955v21 

issuer (including, but not limited to, Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover and Pay Pal and such other issuers or credit card or bank account backed payment systems, as the case may be, approved by the Administrative Agent) to a Loan Party, and all rights under contracts relating to the creation or collection of such payment intangibles, resulting from charges by a customer of a Loan Party on credit cards or similar instruments issued by such issuer or payment system manager in connection with the sale of goods by a Loan Party, or services performed by a Loan Party, in each case in the ordinary course of its business. 
 Credit Card Receivables Advance Rate means, with respect the Borrowing Base, ninety percent (90.0 (the Initial Credit Card Receivables Advance Rate ), provided that the Initial Credit Card Receivables Advance Rate shall be immediately and automatically reduced by (i) 250 basis points upon the occurrence of each Specified Event Closing Date (if any) that is not a Specified Event Advance Rate Reduction Date (which reduction in the Initial Credit Card Receivables Advance Rate pursuant to this clause (i) shall be in addition to any prior reduction thereof pursuant to this clause (i) or clause (iii) below), (ii) (A) 500 basis points upon any Specified Event Advance Rate Reduction Date (if any) if no Specified Event Closing Date has occurred prior to such Specified Event Advance Rate Reduction Date or (B) 250 basis points upon any Specified Event Advance Rate Reduction Date if any Specified Event Closing Date that was not a Specified Event Advance Rate Reduction Date has previously occurred (which reduction in the Initial Credit Card Receivables Advance Rate pursuant to this clause (ii) shall be in addition to any prior reduction thereof pursuant to the foregoing clause (i) or clause (iii) below provided, however, that in no event shall the aggregate reductions to the Initial Credit Card Receivables Advance Rate pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) of this definition exceed 500 basis points), and (iii) 500 basis points on September 29, 2023 (which reduction in the Initial Receivable Advance Rate pursuant to this clause (iii) shall be in addition to any prior reduction thereof pursuant to the preceding clauses (i) and (ii)). 
 Credit Extensions mean each of the following (a) a Borrowing and (b) an LC Credit Extension. 
 Credit Party or Credit Parties means (a) individually, (i) each Lender, (ii) each Lender and or any of its Affiliate Affiliates in its capacity as a provider of any Bank Products or Cash Management Services, (iii) each Agent, (iv) each LC Issuer, (v) any other Person to whom Secured Obligations under this Agreement and other Loan Documents are owing, and (vi) the permitted successors and assigns of each of the foregoing, and (b) collectively, all of the foregoing. 
 Credit Party Expenses means, without limitation, (a) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Agents and their respective Affiliates, in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including without limitation (i) the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of (A) counsel for the Agents, (B) outside consultants for the Agents, (including, without limitation, the Administrative Agent Consultant), (C) appraisers, (D) commercial finance examiners, and (E) without duplication of any amounts reimbursed pursuant to the foregoing subclauses (i) (A) (D), all such reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of the Secured Obligations, (ii) in connection with (A) the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein, (B) the administration and management of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or the preparation, negotiation, execution and delivery of the Loan Documents or of any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated thereby shall be consummated), (C) the enforcement or protection of their rights in connection with this Agreement or the Loan Documents or efforts to preserve, protect, collect, or enforce the Collateral or in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws, or (D) without duplication of any amounts reimbursed pursuant to the foregoing subclause (ii)(C), any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of any Secured Obligations, and (b) with respect to any LC Issuer, and its Affiliates, all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder and (c) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Credit Parties who are not the Agents, an LC Issuer or any Affiliate of any of them, after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, including, without limitation, in connection with any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of the Secured Obligations, or enforcement or protection of their rights or efforts to preserve, protect, collect, or enforce the Collateral or in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws, provided , that such Credit Parties shall be entitled to reimbursement for no more than one counsel 
 11238955v2 
 15 
 11238955v21 

representing all such Credit Parties (absent a conflict of interest in which case the Credit Parties may engage and be reimbursed for additional counsel). All Credit Party Expenses shall be payable on written demand therefor accompanied by reasonable documentation with respect to any reimbursement, indemnification or other amount requested. 
 Cumulative Four-Week Period means the four-week period up to and through the most recent week then ended. 
 Customary Dispositions has the meaning specified in Section 7.05(c) . 
 Customer Credit Liabilities means at any time, the aggregate remaining value at such time of (a) outstanding merchandise credits, gift certificates and gift cards of the Borrowers entitling the holder thereof to use all or a portion of the credit, certificate or gift card to pay all or a portion of the purchase price for any Inventory, and (b) outstanding customer deposits of the Borrowers. 
 Daily Simple SOFR with respect to any applicable determination date means the SOFR published on such date on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York s website (or any successor source). 
 DDA means each checking, savings or other demand deposit account maintained by any of the Loan Parties. All funds in each DDA shall be presumed to be Collateral and proceeds of Collateral and the Agents and the Lenders shall have no duty to inquire as to the source of the amounts on deposit in any DDA, except to the extent otherwise expressly provided in any intercreditor agreement entered into in accordance herewith with respect to Permitted Senior Debt. 
 DDA Notification has the meaning provided therefor in Section 6.13(a)(i) . 
 Debt Service Charges means for any Measurement Period, the sum of (a) Consolidated Interest Charges paid in cash or required to be paid in cash for such Measurement Period, plus (b) principal payments, other than Permitted Refinancings, made or required to be made on account of Indebtedness (excluding the Obligations but including, without limitation, Capital Lease Obligations) for such Measurement Period, in each case determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 
 Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally. 
 Default means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default. 
 Default Rate means (a) when used with respect to Obligations other than Letter of Credit Fees, an interest rate equal to (i) the Base Rate plus (ii) the Applicable Margin, if any, applicable to Base Rate Loans, plus (iii) two percent (2.0 per annum provided , however , that with respect to a Term SOFR Loan, the Default Rate shall be an interest rate equal to the interest rate (including any Applicable Margin) otherwise applicable to such Loan plus two percent (2.0 per annum, and (b) when used with respect to Letter of Credit Fees, a rate equal to the Applicable Rate for Letters of Credit, plus two percent (2.0 per annum. 
 Defaulting Lender means, subject to Section 2.17(d) , any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Loans within two Business Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s good faith determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or (ii) pay to the Administrative Agent, any LC Issuer, the Swing Line Lender or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder (including in respect of its participation in Letters of Credit or Swing Line Loans) within two Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Lead Borrower, the Administrative Agent, any LC Issuer or the Swing Line Lender in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding 
 11238955v2 
 16 
 11238955v21 

obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender s obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Lead Borrower, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder provided , that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower), or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity or (iii) become the subject of a Bail-In Action provided , that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Equity Interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above, and of the effective date of such status, shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.17(b) as of the date established therefor by the Administrative Agent in a written notice of such determination, which shall be delivered by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower, the LC Issuers, the Swing Line Lender and each other Lender promptly following such determination. 
 Default Right has the meaning specified in Section 11.14(b) . 
 Designated Jurisdiction means any country or territory to the extent that such country or territory itself is the subject of any comprehensive Sanction. 
 Diligence Trigger Event means (a) the occurrence of an Event of Default or (b) the failure of the Borrowers to maintain Availability at least equal to twenty-five percent (25.0 of the Aggregate Loan Cap, and such failure shall continue for a period of five (5) or more consecutive Business Days. 
 Diligence Trigger Period means the period beginning upon the occurrence of a Diligence Trigger Event and ending on (a) if such Diligence Trigger Event arises as a result of an Event of Default, the date such Event of Default is waived in accordance with this Agreement, or (b) if such Diligence Trigger Event arises as a result of an event described in clause (b) of the definition of Diligence Trigger Event, the date Availability has equaled or exceeded twenty-five percent (25.0 of the Aggregate Loan Cap for a period of thirty (30) consecutive calendar days. 
 Disposition or Dispose means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition (including any sale and leaseback transaction and any sale, transfer, license or other disposition of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions and whether effect pursuant to a Division or otherwise) of any property (including, without limitation, any sale of any Equity Interests in another Person) by any Person (or the granting of any option or other right to do any of the foregoing), including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith. 
 Disqualified Stock means any Equity Interest that, by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible, or for which it is exchangeable, in each case at the option of the holder thereof), or upon the happening of any event, matures or is mandatorily redeemable, pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, or redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part, on or prior to the date that is one hundred twenty (120) days after the Maturity Date provided , however , that (i) only the portion of such Equity Interests which so matures or is mandatorily redeemable, is so convertible or exchangeable or is so redeemable at the option of the holder thereof prior to such date shall be deemed 
 11238955v2 
 17 
 11238955v21 

to be Disqualified Stock and (ii) with respect to any Equity Interests issued to any employee or to any plan for the benefit of employees of the Lead Borrower or any other Loan Party or by any such plan to such employees, such Equity Interest shall not constitute Disqualified Stock solely because it may be required to be repurchased by the Lead Borrower or any other Loan Party in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations or as a result of such employee s termination, resignation, death or disability and (iii) if any class of Equity Interest of such Person that by its terms authorizes such Person to satisfy its obligations thereunder by delivery of an Equity Interest that is not Disqualified Stock, such Equity Interests shall not be deemed to be Disqualified Stock. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, any Equity Interest that would constitute Disqualified Stock solely because the holders thereof have the right to require a Loan Party to repurchase such Equity Interest upon the occurrence of a change of control or an asset sale shall not constitute Disqualified Stock. The amount of Disqualified Stock deemed to be outstanding at any time for purposes of this Agreement will be the maximum amount that the Lead Borrower and the other Loan Parties may become obligated to pay upon maturity of, or pursuant to any mandatory redemption provisions of, such Disqualified Stock or portion thereof, plus accrued dividends. 
 Dividing Person has the meaning assigned to it in the definition of Division. 
 Division means the division of the assets, liabilities and or obligations of a Person (the Dividing Person among two or more Persons (whether pursuant to a plan of division or similar arrangement), which may or may not include the Dividing Person and pursuant to which the Dividing Person may or may not survive. 
 Dollars and mean lawful money of the United States. 
 Domestic Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of any political subdivision of the United States. 
 E-Commerce Agreement means that certain E-Commerce Agreement, dated as of December 20, 2020, among Lead Borrower, Barnes & Noble College Booksellers, LLC, and MBS Textbook Exchange, LLC, and Fanatics, as in effect on the Third Amendment Effective Date and as it may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance herewith. 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a Subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 Electronic Copy has the meaning specified in Section 10.10 . 
 Eligible Assignee means (a) a Credit Party or any of its Affiliates engaged in the ordinary course of its business in extending commercial loans (b) a bank, insurance company, or company engaged in the business of making commercial loans, which Person, together with its Affiliates, has a combined capital and surplus in excess of 500,000,000.00 (c) any Person to whom a Credit Party assigns its rights and obligations under this Agreement as part of an assignment and transfer of such Credit Party s rights in and to a material portion of such Credit Party s portfolio of asset based credit facilities, and (d) any other Person approved by (i) the Administrative Agent, the LC Issuer and the Swing Line Lender, and (ii) unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Lead Borrower (each such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) provided , that notwithstanding the foregoing, Eligible Assignee 
 11238955v2 
 18 
 11238955v21 

shall not include (x) a Loan Party or any of the Loan Parties Affiliates or Subsidiaries or (y) a natural person. 
 Eligible Accounts Receivables means Accounts arising from the sale of a Borrower s Inventory (other than those consisting of Credit Card Receivables) or the rendition of services that satisfies the following criteria at the time of creation and continues to meet the same at the time of such determination such Account (i) has been earned by full performance and represents the bona fide amounts due to a Borrower from an account debtor, and in each case originated in the ordinary course of business of such Borrower, and (ii) is not ineligible for inclusion in the calculation of the Borrowing Base pursuant to any of clauses (a) through (r) below. Without limiting the foregoing, to qualify as an Eligible Accounts Receivable, an Account shall indicate no Person other than a Borrower as payee or remittance party. In determining the amount to be so included, the face amount of an Account shall be reduced by, without duplication, to the extent not reflected in such face amount, (i) the amount of all accrued and actual discounts, claims, credits or credits pending, promotional program allowances, price adjustments, finance charges or other allowances (including any amount that a Borrower may be obligated to rebate to a customer pursuant to the terms of any written agreement or understanding), and (ii) the aggregate amount of all cash received in respect of such Account but not yet applied by the Borrowers to reduce the amount of such Eligible Account Receivable. Any Accounts meeting the foregoing criteria shall be deemed Eligible Accounts Receivables but only as long as such Account is not included within any of the following categories, in which case such Account shall not constitute an Eligible Account Receivable 
 (a) Accounts that are not evidenced by an invoice 
 (b) Accounts that have been outstanding for more than ninety (90) days from the invoice date or more than sixty (60) days past the due date 
 (c) Accounts due from any account debtor for which more than 50.0 of the Accounts owing from such account debtor and its Affiliates are ineligible under clause (b) above. 
 (d) Accounts with respect to which a Borrower does not have good, valid and marketable title thereto, free and clear of any Lien (other than Liens granted to the Collateral Agent pursuant to the Security Documents and other Permitted Encumbrances) or which are not subject to a first priority security interest in favor of the Collateral Agent 
 (e) Accounts which are disputed or with respect to which a claim, counterclaim, offset or chargeback has been asserted, but only to the extent of such dispute, counterclaim, offset or chargeback 
 (f) Accounts which arise out of any sale made not in the ordinary course of business, made on a basis other than upon credit terms usual to the business of the Borrowers or are not payable in Dollars 
 (g) Accounts which do not conform in all material respects to all representations, warranties or other provisions in the Loan Documents relating to Accounts 
 (h) Accounts which are owed by any Affiliate of a Loan Party or Accounts in excess of 500,000 owed by any employee of a Loan Party 
 (i) Accounts due from an account debtor which is the subject of any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, has had a trustee or receiver appointed for all or a substantial part of its property, has made an assignment for the benefit of creditors or has suspended its business 
 (j) Accounts due from any Governmental Authority other than (i) Accounts for which all consents, approvals or authorizations of, or registrations or declarations with, any Governmental Authority required to be obtained, effected or given in connection with the performance of such Account by the account debtor or in connection with the enforcement of such Account by the Agent, in each case, have been duly obtained, effected or given or are in full force and effect and (ii) Eligible State University Accounts 
 11238955v2 
 19 
 11238955v21 

(k) Accounts (i) owing from any Person that is also a supplier to or creditor of a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries unless such Person has waived any right of setoff in a manner reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, (ii) representing any manufacturer s or supplier s credits, discounts, incentive plans or similar arrangements entitling a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries to discounts on future purchase therefrom or (iii) representing a progress billing 
 (l) Accounts arising out of sales on a bill-and-hold, guaranteed sale, sale-or-return, sale on approval or consignment basis or subject to any right of return, setoff or charge back 
 (m) Accounts arising out of sales to account debtors outside the United States unless such Accounts are fully backed by an irrevocable letter of credit on terms, and issued by a financial institution, reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion 
 (n) Accounts evidenced by a promissory note or other instrument 
 (o) Accounts consisting of amounts due from vendors as rebates or allowances 
 (p) Accounts which are in excess of the credit limit for such account debtor established by the Loan Parties in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practices 
 (q) Accounts which include extended payment terms (datings) beyond those generally furnished to other account debtors in the ordinary course of business without the consent of the Administrative Agent or 
 (r) Accounts which the Administrative Agent determines in its Permitted Discretion to be unacceptable for inclusion in the Borrowing Base. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, Eligible Accounts Receivables shall include the Accounts of MBS Textbook Exchange, LLC, subject to the foregoing exclusions and to the extent such Accounts otherwise constitute Eligible Accounts Receivables. 
 Eligible Assignee means (a) a Credit Party or any of its Affiliates engaged in the ordinary course of its business in extending commercial loans (b) a bank, insurance company, or company engaged in the business of making commercial loans, which Person, together with its Affiliates, has a combined capital and surplus in excess of 500,000,000 (c) any Person to whom a Credit Party assigns its rights and obligations under this Agreement as part of an assignment and transfer of such Credit Party s rights in and to a material portion of such Credit Party s portfolio of asset based credit facilities, and (d) any other Person approved by (i) the Administrative Agent, the LC Issuer and the Swing Line Lender and (ii) unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Lead Borrower (each such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) provided, that notwithstanding the foregoing, Eligible Assignee shall not include (x) a Loan Party or any of the Loan Parties Affiliates or Subsidiaries or (y) a natural person. 
 Eligible Credit Card Receivables means at the time of any determination thereof, each Credit Card Receivable that satisfies the following criteria at the time of creation and continues to meet the same at the time of such determination such Credit Card Receivable (i) has been earned by performance and represents the bona fide amounts due to a Borrower from a credit card payment processor and or credit card issuer, and in each case originated in the ordinary course of business of such Borrower, and (ii) is not ineligible for inclusion in the calculation of the Borrowing Base pursuant to any of clauses (a) through (k) below. Without limiting the foregoing, to qualify as an Eligible Credit Card Receivable, an Account shall indicate no Person other than a Borrower as payee or remittance party. In determining the amount to be so included, the face amount of an Account shall be reduced by, without duplication, to the extent not reflected in such face amount, (i) the amount of all accrued and actual discounts, claims, credits or credits pending, promotional program allowances, price adjustments, finance charges or other allowances (including any amount that a Borrower may be obligated to rebate to a customer, a credit card payment 
 11238955v2 
 20 
 11238955v21 

processor, or credit card issuer pursuant to the terms of any agreement or understanding (written or oral)) and (ii) the aggregate amount of all cash received in respect of such Account but not yet applied by the Loan Parties to reduce the amount of such Credit Card Receivable. Any Credit Card Receivables meeting the foregoing criteria shall be deemed Eligible Credit Card Receivables but only as long as such Credit Card Receivable is not included within any of the following categories, in which case such Credit Card Receivable shall not constitute an Eligible Credit Card Receivable 
 (a) Credit Card Receivables which do not constitute an Account or Payment Intangible (each as defined in the UCC) 
 (b) Credit Card Receivables that have been outstanding for more than five (5) Business Days from the date of sale 
 (c) Credit Card Receivables with respect to which a Borrower does not have good, valid and marketable title, free and clear of any Lien (other than Liens granted to the Collateral Agent pursuant to the Security Documents and other Permitted Encumbrances) 
 (d) Credit Card Receivables that are not subject to a first priority security interest in favor of the Collateral Agent (it being the intent that chargebacks in the ordinary course by such processors shall not be deemed violative of this clause) 
 (e) Credit Card Receivables which are disputed, are with recourse, or with respect to which a claim, counterclaim, offset or chargeback has been asserted (to the extent of such claim, counterclaim, offset or chargeback) by any Person 
 (f) Credit Card Receivables as to which the processor has the right under certain circumstances to require a Loan Party to repurchase the Accounts from such credit card processor 
 (g) Credit Card Receivables due from an issuer or payment processor of the applicable credit card which is the subject of any bankruptcy, insolvency or similar proceedings 
 (h) Credit Card Receivables which are not a valid, legally enforceable obligation of the applicable issuer with respect thereto 
 (i) Credit Card Receivables which do not conform in all material respects to all representations, warranties or other provisions in the Loan Documents relating to Credit Card Receivables 
 (j) Credit Card Receivables which are evidenced by chattel paper or an instrument of any kind unless such chattel paper or instrument is in the possession of the Collateral Agent, and to the extent necessary or appropriate, endorsed to the Collateral Agent 
 (k) Credit Card Receivables that include the purchase of any Licensed Merchandise pursuant to which any amount is payable to FLC or Fanatics in accordance with any Merchandising Documents Agreement , the amount of such Credit Card Receivables excluding amounts payable to FLC or Fanatics in accordance with any Merchandising Documents Agreement as determined by the Lead Borrower in its reasonable discretion and approved by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion or 
 (l) Credit Card Receivables which the Administrative Agent determines in its Permitted Discretion to be uncertain of collection. 
 Eligible Inventory means, as of the date of determination thereof, without duplication, items of Inventory of a Borrower that are finished goods, merchantable and readily saleable to the public in the ordinary course that, in each case, complies with each of the representations and warranties expressly respecting Inventory made by the Borrowers in the Loan Documents, and that is not excluded as 
 11238955v2 
 21 
 11238955v21 

ineligible by virtue of one or more of the criteria set forth below. The following items of Inventory shall not be included in Eligible Inventory 
 (a) Inventory that is not solely owned by a Borrower or a Borrower does not have good and valid title thereto 
 (b) Inventory that is leased by or is on consignment to a Borrower, or which is consigned by a Borrower to a Person that is not a Loan Party 
 (c) Inventory that is not located in the United States of America (excluding territories or possessions of the United States) 
 (d) Inventory at a location that is owned or leased by a Borrower, except to the extent that the Borrowers have furnished the Administrative Agent with (i) any UCC financing statements or other documents that the Administrative Agent may reasonably determine to be necessary to perfect its security interest in such Inventory at such location, and (ii) with respect to any Material Storage Location, a Collateral Access Agreement executed by the Person owning any such Material Storage Location on terms reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (other than Collateral Access Agreements not obtained to the extent permitted by Section 6.12( b a 
 (e) Inventory that is comprised of goods which (i) are damaged, defective, seconds, or otherwise unmerchantable, (ii) that have been or are in the process of being returned to the vendor, (iii) are obsolete or slow moving, or custom items, work-in-process, raw materials, or that constitute spare parts, promotional, marketing, packaging and shipping materials or supplies used or consumed in a Borrower s business, (iv) are seasonal in nature and which have been packed away for sale in the subsequent season, (v) are not in compliance in all material respects with all standards imposed by any Governmental Authority having regulatory authority over such Inventory, its use or sale, (vi) are bill and hold goods or (vii) are in-transit 
 (f) Inventory that is not subject to a perfected first-priority security interest in favor of the Collateral Agent, subject in priority only to any interest, title or lien of a landlord, lessor or other property owner under a Lease or applicable Laws provided , that for the avoidance of doubt, no provisions with respect to the subordination of Liens or other landlord rights in any Collateral Access Agreement shall be deemed to violate this clause (f)) 
 (g) Inventory that consists of samples, labels, bags, packaging, and other similar non-merchandise categories 
 (h) Inventory that is not insured in compliance with the provisions of Section 6.07 hereof 
 (i) Inventory that has been sold but not yet delivered or as to which a Borrower has accepted a deposit 
 (j) Inventory that is subject to any licensing, patent, royalty, trademark, trade name or copyright agreement with any third party which has expired or has been terminated or with respect to which any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries has received notice of a dispute in respect of any such agreement 
 (k) Inventory acquired in a Permitted Acquisition, unless and until the Collateral Agent has completed or received (A) an appraisal of such Inventory from appraisers reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, and, if applicable, has established an advance rate and or Inventory Reserves therefor, and (B) such other due diligence as the Agents may require, all of the results of the foregoing to be reasonably satisfactory to the Agents 
 11238955v2 
 22 
 11238955v21 

(l) Inventory subject to any lease, rental agreement or similar arrangement (i) if a default has occurred and is continuing under such lease, rental agreement or similar arrangement, (ii) at the time such lease, rental or similar agreement is entered into, the lessee fails to provide a valid credit card, debit card or similar credit support for all payment obligations under such agreement for the life of the agreement, or (iii) any Inventory subject to such lease, rental agreement or similar arrangement is unreturned at the end of such lease or rental period 
 (m) Licensed Merchandise, regardless whether FLC, Fanatics or any Borrower is or is deemed to be the owner thereof or 
 (n) Inventory which the Administrative Agent determines in its Permitted Discretion to be unacceptable for inclusion in the Borrowing Base. 
 Eligible Rental Inventory means rental inventory outstanding of the Loan Parties that satisfies the eligibility requirements of Eligible Inventory . 
 Eligible State University Accounts means Accounts that otherwise satisfy the eligibility requirements of Eligible Accounts Receivable and that are owing from colleges or universities that are agencies or political subdivisions of state or local Governmental Authorities and that arise in the ordinary course of business of the Borrowers from management agreements, textbook or course pack sales, trade or general merchandise sales, guarantees of payments due from students or otherwise. 
 Environmental Laws means any and all Federal, state, local, and foreign statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders, decrees, permits, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses, agreements or governmental restrictions relating to pollution and the protection of the environment or the release of any hazardous materials into the environment, including those related to hazardous substances or hazardous wastes, air emissions and discharges to waste or public systems. 
 Environmental Liability means any liability, obligation, damage, loss, claim, action, suit, judgment, order, fine, penalty, fee, expense, or cost, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of any Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Subsidiaries directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal or presence of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 
 Equity Interests means, with respect to any Person, all of the shares of capital stock of (or membership or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of shares of capital stock of (or membership or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person or warrants, rights or options for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of such shares (or such membership or other interests), and all of the other ownership or profit interests in such Person (including partnership, member or trust interests therein), whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such shares, warrants, options, rights or other interests are outstanding on any date of determination. 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. 
 ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control with a Loan Party within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code for purposes of provisions relating to Section 412 of the Code). 
 ERISA Event means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan (b) a withdrawal by a Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer (as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA) or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA (c) a complete or partial 
 11238955v2 
 23 
 11238955v21 

withdrawal by a Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan or notification to a Loan Party that a Multiemployer Plan is in reorganization (d) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate, the treatment of a Plan amendment as a termination under Sections 4041 or 4041A of ERISA, or the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan (e) an event or condition which constitutes grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan (f) the determination that any Pension Plan is considered an at-risk plan or a plan in endangered or critical status within the meaning of Sections 430, 431 and 432 of the Code or Sections 303, 304 and 305 of ERISA or (g) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon a Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate. 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 
 Event of Default has the meaning specified in Section 8.01 . An Event of Default shall be deemed to be continuing unless and until that Event of Default has been duly waived or otherwise cured as provided in Section 10.01 hereof. 
 Excess Cash means, on any Business Day, the amount of cash and Cash Equivalents cash equivalents of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries calculated on a consolidated basis, other than Excluded Cash, in excess of 50,000,000 1,500,000 . 
 Excess Cash Prepayment has the meaning provided for such term in Section 2.05(c)( iv iii . 
 Excluded Accounts shall mean (a) payroll accounts, (b) health savings accounts, worker s compensation accounts and other employee benefits accounts, (c) payroll withholding tax accounts and other tax (including sales tax) remittance accounts and (d) any other account that is used solely as an escrow account or as a fiduciary or trust account and not otherwise prohibited under this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 Excluded Assets has the meaning provided for such term in the Security Agreement. 
 Excluded Cash means, as of any date, (a) any cash set aside (including proceeds of a Credit Extension borrowed) to pay obligations of the Loan Parties that either (i) are then due and owing to third parties and for which the Loan Parties have issued checks or have initiated wires or ACH transfers in order to pay such amounts or (ii) will be paid on or within one (1) Business Day of such date, (b) amounts on deposit in the Licensed Merchandise Account from time to time in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time 100 of the Revenue Share (as defined in the Merchandising Agreement) amounts reasonably expected to be due and payable to FLC in accordance with Section 6.2 of the Merchandising Agreement (the Monthly FLC Revenue Share Amount as of the next occurring Merchandising Agreement Monthly Settlement Date plus any Surplus permitted to be maintained therein under and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Licensed Merchandise Side Letter and , (c) petty cash maintained for local Store operations including cash on deposit in Store operating accounts (not to exceed 3,000,000 in the aggregate for all Store locations), (d) cash on deposit in any Specified Store Collection Accounts (in an amount not to exceed 500,000 in the aggregate at any time for all such Specified Store Collection Accounts), (e) cash on deposit in any Specified DSS Collection Accounts (in an amount not to exceed 500,000 in the aggregate at any time for all such Specified DSS Collection Accounts) and (f) any cash constituting an Excluded Asset. 
 Excluded Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Borrower or any Guarantor, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the Guarantee by any Borrower contained in Section 10.21 (or otherwise in the Loan Documents) or the Facility Guaranty of such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Borrower or Guarantor of a security interest to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any Guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Borrower or Guarantor s failure for any reason to constitute an eligible contract participant as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act (determined after giving effect to Section 10.21(f) of this Agreement and any other keepwell, support or other agreement for the benefit 
 11238955v2 
 24 
 11238955v21 

of such Borrower or Guarantor and any and all guarantees of such Borrower or Guarantor s Swap Obligations by other Loan Parties) at the time the Guarantee of such Borrower or Guarantor, or a grant by such Borrower or Guarantor of a security interest, becomes effective with respect to such Swap Obligation. If a Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to swaps for which such Guarantee or security interest is or becomes excluded in accordance with the first sentence of this definition. 
 Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to any Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its Lending Office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 10.13 or (ii) such Lender changes its Lending Office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 3.01(a)(ii), (a)(iii) or (c) , amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its Lending Office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 3.01(e) and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed pursuant to FATCA. 
 Executive Order has the meaning set forth in Section 10.18 . 
 Existing Credit Agreement means that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of April 29, 2011 among Barnes & Noble, the Lead Borrower, certain other borrowers party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as agent, the other agents party thereto and a syndicate of lenders. 
 Existing Letters of Credit means the letters of credit described on Schedule 1.04 hereto. 
 Facilities means the collective reference to the Revolving Credit Facility and the FILO Facility, or either of them, as the context may require. 
 Facility Guaranty means any Guarantee made by the Guarantors in favor of the Credit Parties, including as set forth in Article XI hereto or in any guaranty agreement in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 Fanatics means Fanatics Retail Group Fulfillment, LLC, and its permitted successors and assigns under the E-Commerce Agreement. 
 FASB ASC means the Accounting Standards Codification of the Financial Accounting Standards Board. 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471 (b) (1) of the Code, any intergovernmental agreements entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or official practices adopted pursuant to any such intergovernmental agreements. 
 Federal Funds Rate means, for any day, the rate per annum calculated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York based on such day s federal funds transactions by depository institutions (as determined in such manner as the Federal Reserve Bank of New York shall set forth on its public website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as the federal funds effective rate provided that if the Federal Funds Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 11238955v2 
 25 
 11238955v21 

Fee Letters means , collectively, each fee letter relating to the credit facilities provided hereunder between the Lead Borrower and any Lead Lender or any Agent . 
 FILO Borrowing Conditions has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.03(j) . 
 FILO Draw Period means, with respect to any calendar year, each period commencing on April 1 of such year and ending on July 31 of such year provided, that no FILO Draw Period shall commence after the date that the Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments are reduced to zero. 
 FILO Facility means the credit facility described in Section 2.18 hereof. 
 FILO Facility Commitment means, as to each FILO Lender, its obligation to make FILO Loans to the Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.18 , in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such FILO Lender s name with respect to the FILO Facility on Schedule 2.01 or in any Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such FILO Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. 
 FILO Facility Payment Date means July 31 of each FILO Draw Period. 
 FILO Lender means each Lender indicated on Schedule 2.01 as a FILO Lender of FILO Loans and any other Person that becomes a FILO Lender pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption Agreement. 
 FILO Facility Required Lenders means, as of any date of determination, FILO Lenders holding more than 50.0 of the Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments or, if the commitment of each FILO Lender to make FILO Loans have been terminated pursuant to Section 8.02 , FILO Lenders holding in the aggregate more than 50.0 of the Total Outstandings under the FILO Facility provided , that the Commitment of, and the portion of the Total Outstandings held or deemed held by, any Defaulting Lender under the FILO Facility shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of FILO Facility Required Lenders. 
 FILO Loans means each loan made by a FILO Lender to the Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.18 . 
 FILO Reserve means, if as of any date that a FILO Loan is outstanding (a) an amount equal to (i) the outstanding principal amount of the FILO Loans as of such date plus (ii) the Borrowing Base (excluding the FILO Reserve amount as of such date) is greater than (b) 105 of the total of the following as of such date (i) 100 of Eligible Credit Card Receivables plus (ii) 100 of Eligible Account Receivables plus (iii) 100 of the Net Orderly Liquidation Value of the Borrower s Eligible Inventory minus (iv) applicable Reserves (excluding any FILO Reserve), a reserve equal to the amount by which the amount in clause (a) exceeds the amount in clause (b). 
 FILO Settlement Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(a). 
 First Amendment means that certain First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of February 27, 2017, among the Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto. 
 First Amendment Acquisition means the acquisition by the Lead Borrower of all the Equity Interests in the Acquired Companies on or immediately after the First Amendment Effective Date in accordance with the First Amendment. 
 First Amendment Effective Date means the Effective Date as defined in the First Amendment. 
 Fiscal Month means any fiscal month of any Fiscal Year determined in accordance with the fiscal accounting calendar of the Loan Parties. 
 11238955v2 
 26 
 11238955v21 

Fiscal Quarter means any fiscal quarter of any Fiscal Year determined in accordance with the fiscal accounting calendar of the Loan Parties. 
 Fiscal Year means any period of twelve (12) consecutive months ending on the Saturday that is closest to the last day of April of any calendar year. 
 FLC means Fanatics Lids College, Inc., together with its permitted successors and assigns under the Merchandising Agreement. 
 Foreign Assets Control Regulations has the meaning set forth in Section 10.18 . 
 Foreign Lender means (a) if any Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender that is not a U.S. Person, and (b) if any Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a Lender that is resident or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which such Borrower is resident for tax purposes. For purposes of this definition, the United States, each State thereof and the District of Columbia shall be deemed to constitute a single jurisdiction. 
 Foreign Subsidiary means any Subsidiary organized under the laws of a political subdivision outside of the United States. 
 Fourth Amendment means that certain Fourth Amendment and Waiver to Credit Agreement, dated as March 7, 2022, among the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto. 
 Fourth Amendment Effective Date means the date that the Fourth Amendment Effective Date and the Successor Rate Effective Date under and as each is defined in the Fourth Amendment has occurred. 
 FRB means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States. 
 Fronting Exposure means, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender that is a Revolving Lender , (a) with respect to any LC Issuer, such Defaulting Lender s Applicable Percentage of the outstanding LC Obligations other than LC Obligations as to which such Defaulting Lender s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof, and (b) with respect to the Swing Line Lender, such Defaulting Lender s Applicable Percentage of Swing Line Loans other than Swing Line Loans as to which such Defaulting Lender s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 Fronting Fee has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.03(j) . 
 FSHCO means any Domestic Subsidiary substantially all of the assets of which constitute Equity Interests or Indebtedness of CFCs. 
 Fully Satisfied means (a) with respect to any Secured Obligations or Obligations, as applicable, the full cash payment thereof, including all principal, interest and fees with respect thereto and any interest, fees and other charges accruing during a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law (whether or not such amounts are allowed or allowable in whole or in part in such proceeding), but shall not include any roll up of any Secured Obligations or Obligations in any debtor in possession financing during any such proceeding and (b) with respect to LC Obligations, Other Liabilities or Obligations that are inchoate or contingent in nature, the Cash Collateralization thereof (or delivery of a standby letter of credit acceptable to the applicable Credit Party in its reasonable discretion, in the amount of required Cash Collateral). No Loans shall be deemed to have been Fully Satisfied until all Commitments related to such Loans have expired or been terminated. For the avoidance of doubt, any requirement that a Secured Obligation or Obligation be Fully Satisfied or paid in full or similar provisions shall be deemed to refer only to Secured Obligations or Obligations that may be satisfied by cash payment (including cash collateral and similar arrangements) thereof. 
 11238955v2 
 27 
 11238955v21 

Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or such other principles as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession in the United States, that are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination, consistently applied. 
 Governmental Authority means the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 
 Guarantee means, as to any Person, any (a) any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such Person guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation payable or performable by another Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of such Person, direct or indirect, (i) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation, (ii) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance of such Indebtedness or other obligation, (iii) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity or level of income or cash flow of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation, or (iv) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part), or (b) any Lien on any assets of such Person securing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person, whether or not such Indebtedness or other obligation is assumed by such Person (or any right, contingent or otherwise, of any holder of such Indebtedness to obtain any such Lien), but excluding in all cases endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business. The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith. The term Guarantee as a verb has a corresponding meaning. 
 Guaranteed Obligations has the meaning specified in Section 11.01 . 
 Guarantor means each wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower (other than any Borrower, any CFC, any Subsidiary of a CFC, any FSHCO or any Immaterial Subsidiary) and each other Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower that is not a Borrower and that is required to execute and deliver a Facility Guaranty pursuant to pursuant to Section 6.12 provided , that (i) any Guarantors shall only cease to be a Guarantor as a result of such Guarantor ceasing to be a wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower only if (A) at the time such Guarantor ceases to be a wholly-owned Subsidiary, the primary purpose of such transaction was for a bona fide business purpose (and, for the avoidance of doubt, any transaction the primary purpose of which is to evade the guarantee or collateral requirements pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be deemed not to be a bona fide business purpose for all purposes hereunder), (B) the Lead Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower certifying that any such transaction has been consummated in compliance with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and that such release is not prohibited hereby, and (C) no Overadvance would result from the consummation of such transaction or the ceasing of such Guarantor to be a wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower and a Guarantor hereunder , and D) such Guarantor that ceases to be a wholly-owned Subsidiary shall not own any Material IP, ii) any Subsidiary that is or becomes a guarantor of the Subordinated Term Loan Obligations shall also be required to be joined as a Guarantor and (iii) no Loan Party as of the Sixth Amendment Effective Date shall at any time constitute an Immaterial Subsidiary . 
 11238955v2 
 28 
 11238955v21 

Hazardous Materials means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law. 
 Honor Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(c)(i) . 
 Immaterial Subsidiary means each Foreign Subsidiary and each other Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower that has, in accordance with Section 6.02(a) hereof, been designated by the Lead Borrower in its certificate to the Administrative Agent as an Immaterial Subsidiary for purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, provided , that (a) for purposes of this Agreement, at no time shall (i) the total assets of all Immaterial Subsidiaries, as of the end of the most recent Fiscal Quarter for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or Section 6.01(b) hereof, equal or exceed five percent (5.0 of the Consolidated total assets of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries, or (ii) any Immaterial Subsidiary own any assets included in the Borrowing Base or any Material IP , or (iii) the gross revenues of all Immaterial Subsidiaries for any Measurement Period equal or exceed five percent (5.0 of the Consolidated gross revenues of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such Measurement Period, in each case as determined in accordance with GAAP, and (b) no Subsidiary that has been designated or otherwise constitutes an Immaterial Subsidiary may be re-designated a Subsidiary or be treated under the Loan Documents as a Loan Party without the written approval of the Administrative Agent which approval will not be unreasonably withheld. As of the Second Amendment Effective Date, the Subsidiaries specified on Schedule 1.03 hereto are the only Subsidiaries designated by the Lead Borrower as Immaterial Subsidiaries for purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Increase Effective Date shall have the meaning provided therefor in Section 2.15(d) . 
 Increased Commitment Lender shall have the meaning provide in Section 2.15(b) . 
 Indebtedness means, as to any Person at a particular time, without duplication, all of the following, whether or not included as indebtedness or liabilities in accordance with GAAP 
 (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money and all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements or other similar instruments 
 (b) all direct or contingent obligations of such Person arising under letters of credit (including standby and commercial), bankers acceptances, bank guaranties, surety bonds and similar instruments 
 (c) net obligations of such Person under any Swap Contract 
 (d) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade accounts payable and corporate and purchasing card obligations in the ordinary course of business and, in each case, paid in accordance with the payment terms thereof and otherwise not past due for more than 90 days) 
 (e) indebtedness (excluding prepaid interest thereon) secured by a Lien on property owned by such Person (including indebtedness arising under conditional sales or other title retention agreements), whether or not such indebtedness shall have been assumed by such Person or is limited in recourse 
 (f) all Attributable Indebtedness of such Person 
 (g) (i) all Disqualified Stock and (ii) subject to the penultimate sentence of the definition of Disqualified Stock, all other obligations of such Person to purchase, redeem, retire, defease or otherwise make any cash payment, in each case under this clause (ii), on or prior to the date that is one hundred twenty (120) days after the Maturity Date, in respect of any Equity 
 11238955v2 
 29 
 11238955v21 

Interest in such Person or any other Person, valued, in the case of a redeemable preferred interest, at the greater of its voluntary or involuntary liquidation preference plus accrued and unpaid dividends and 
 (h) all Guarantees of such Person in respect of any of the foregoing. 
 For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint venture that is itself a corporation or limited liability company) in which such Person is a general partner or a joint venturer, unless such Indebtedness is expressly made non-recourse to such Person. The amount of any net obligation under any Swap Contract on any date shall be deemed to be the Swap Termination Value thereof as of such date. 
 Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in (a), Other Taxes. 
 Indemnitee has the meaning specified in Section 10.04(b) . 
 Information has the meaning specified in Section 10.07 . 
 Initial Accounts Receivable Advance Rate has the meaning set forth in the definition of Accounts Receivable Advance Rate . 
 Initial Appraisal Percentage has the meaning set forth in the definition of Appraisal Percentage . 
 Initial Credit Card Receivables Advance Rate has the meaning set forth in the definition of Credit Card Receivables Advance Rate . 
 Initial Cap Table means (a) if the Closing Date occurs on or prior to July 31, 2015, the column titled Pro Forma Capitalization (July 2015) in the table titled Pro Forma Capitalization and under the heading B&N Education posted on SyndTrak for review by the Lenders on June 30, 2015 and (b) if the Closing Date occurs thereafter, the column titled Pro Forma Capitalization (August 2015) and under the heading B&N Education in such table. 
 Intellectual Property means all present and future trade secrets, know-how and other proprietary information trademarks, trademark applications, internet domain names, service marks, trade dress, trade names, business names, designs, logos, slogans (and all translations, adaptations, derivations and combinations of the foregoing) indicia and other source and or business identifiers, and all registrations or applications for registrations which have heretofore been or may hereafter be issued thereon throughout the world copyrights and copyright applications (including copyrights for computer programs) and all tangible and intangible property embodying the copyrights, unpatented inventions (whether or not patentable) patents and patent applications industrial design applications and registered industrial designs license agreements related to any of the foregoing books, records, writings, computer tapes or disks, flow diagrams, specification sheets, computer software, source codes, object codes, executable code, data, databases and other physical manifestations, embodiments or incorporations of any of the foregoing all other intellectual property and all common law and other rights throughout the world in and to all of the foregoing. 
 Intercreditor Agreement means that certain Subordination and Intercreditor Agreement, dated on or about June 7, 2022, by and among the Administrative Agent, TopLids LendCo, LLC in its capacity as administrative agent and collateral agent under the Subordinated Term Loan Agreement and the Loan Parties , (as amended, supplemented, or otherwise modified (including pursuant to the Mutual Consent)) which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall constitute a Loan Document. 
 Interest Payment Date means, (a) as to any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to such Loan and the Maturity Date provided , however , that if any 
 11238955v2 
 30 
 11238955v21 

Interest Period for a Term SOFR Loan exceeds three months, the respective dates that fall every three months after the beginning of such Interest Period shall also be Interest Payment Dates (b) as to any Base Rate Loan (including a Swing Line Loan), the first day of each calendar month and the Maturity Date and (c) as to any FILO Loan, each FILO Facility Payment Date. 
 Interest Period means, as to each Term SOFR Loan, the period commencing on the date such Term SOFR Loan is disbursed or converted to or continued as a Term SOFR Loan and ending on the date one, three or six months thereafter, as selected by the Borrower in its Committed Loan Notice provided that 
 (i) any Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless, in the case of a Term SOFR Loan, such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day 
 (ii) any Interest Period pertaining to a Term SOFR Loan that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period and 
 (iii) no Interest Period shall extend beyond the Maturity Date. 
 Internal Control Event means (a) with respect to the Lead Borrower, a determination by management or the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Lead Borrower or by the Lead Borrower s Public Accountants that (i) a material weakness in internal controls over financial reporting, as described in PCAOB Auditing Standard No. 5, exists in the Lead Borrower s internal control over financial reporting, or (ii) a member of the senior management of the Lead Borrower has committed a material act of fraud, and (b) with respect to the any Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower, a determination by management or the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Lead Borrower or by the Lead Borrower s Public Accountants that (i) a material weakness in internal controls over financial reporting, as described in PCAOB Auditing Standard No. 5, exists in such Subsidiary s internal control over financial reporting, or (ii) a member of the senior management of such Subsidiary has committed an act of fraud, in either case under this clause (b) that could reasonably be expected to result in an Material Adverse Effect. 
 Inventory has the meaning given to that term in the UCC, and shall also include, without limitation, all (a) goods which (i) are leased by a Person as lessor, (ii) are held by a Person for sale or lease or to be furnished under a contract of service, (iii) are furnished by a Person under a contract of service, or (iv) consist of raw materials, work in process, or materials used or consumed in a business (b) goods of said description in transit (c) goods of said description which are returned, repossessed or rejected and (d) packaging, advertising, and shipping materials related to any of the foregoing. 
 Inventory Reserves means such reserves as may be established from time to time by the Administrative Agent in the Administrative Agent s Permitted Discretion with respect to the determination of the saleability, at retail, of the Eligible Inventory or which reflect such other factors as may adversely affect the market value of the Eligible Inventory. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Inventory Reserves may, in the Administrative Agent s Permitted Discretion, include (but are not limited to) reserves based on 
 (a) obsolescence 
 (b) seasonality 
 (c) Shrink 
 (d) imbalance 
 11238955v2 
 31 
 11238955v21 

(e) change in Inventory character 
 (f) change in Inventory composition 
 (g) change in Inventory mix 
 (h) mark-downs (both permanent and point of sale) 
 (i) retail mark-ons and mark-ups inconsistent with prior period practice and performance, industry standards, current business plans or advertising calendar and planned advertising events 
 (j) reasonably anticipated changes in appraised value of Inventory between appraisals and 
 (k) out-of-date and or expired Inventory. 
 Investment means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect acquisition or investment by such Person, whether by means of (a) the purchase or other acquisition of Equity Interests of another Person, (b) a loan, advance or capital contribution to, Guarantee or assumption of debt of, or purchase or other acquisition of any other debt or equity participation or interest in, another Person, including any partnership or joint venture interest in such other Person and any arrangement pursuant to which the investor Guarantees Indebtedness of such other Person, or (c) any Acquisition provided , however , that any amount payable by a vendor to any Loan Party with respect to the return of inventory or supplies by such Loan Party to such vendor in the ordinary course of business shall not constitute an Investment hereunder so long as (i) such amount has not been outstanding for more than 150 days and (ii) such inventory is not then included in the Borrowing Base. For purposes of covenant compliance, the amount of any Investment shall be the amount actually invested, without adjustment for subsequent increases or decreases in the value of such Investment. 
 Investment Bank means, collectively, Houlihan Lokey and its Affiliates (or any substitute or replacement investment banker acceptable to the Administrative Agent). 
 IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
 ISP means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the International Standby Practices 1998 published by the Institute of International Banking Law & Practice (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance). 
 Issuer Documents means with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Letter of Credit Application, and any other document, agreement and instrument entered into by the LC Issuer and any Borrower or in favor the LC Issuer and relating to any such Letter of Credit. 
 Joinder Agreement means an agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit I hereto and otherwise in form satisfactory to the Administrative Agent pursuant to which, among other things, a Person becomes a party to, and bound by the terms of, this Agreement and or the other Loan Documents in the same capacity and to the same extent as either a Borrower or a Guarantor, as the Administrative Agent may determine. 
 Laws means each international, foreign, federal, state and local statute, treaty, rule, guideline, regulation, ordinance, code and administrative or judicial precedent or authority, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and each applicable administrative order, directed duty, request, license, authorization and permit of, and agreement with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law, including, without limitation, all Environmental Laws. 
 11238955v2 
 32 
 11238955v21 

LC Advance means, with respect to each Revolving Lender, such Revolving Lender s funding of its participation in any LC Borrowing in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. 
 LC Borrowing means an extension of credit resulting from a drawing under any Letter of Credit which has not been reimbursed on the date when made or refinanced as a Committed Borrowing. 
 LC Credit Extension means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the issuance thereof or extension of the expiry date thereof, or the increase of the amount thereof. 
 LC Issuer means (a) Bank of America and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., each in its capacity as issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, or any successor issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder and (b) with respect to the Existing Letters of Credit and until such Existing Letters of Credit expire or are returned undrawn, Bank of America provided that JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. will not have any obligation to issue Letters of Credit in an aggregate amount outstanding at any time in excess of 7,500,000. The LC Issuer may, in its discretion and with the consent of the Lead Borrower which shall not be unreasonably withheld, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by Affiliates of the LC Issuer, in which case the term LC Issuer shall include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate. All singular references to the LC Issuer shall mean any LC Issuer, the LC Issuer that has issued the applicable Letter of Credit or all LC Issuers, as the context may require. 
 LC Obligations mean, as at any date of determination, the aggregate amount available to be drawn under all outstanding Letters of Credit plus the aggregate of all Unreimbursed Amounts, including all LC Borrowings. For purposes of computing the amounts available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.06 . For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Rule 3.14 of the ISP, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding in the amount so remaining available to be drawn. 
 Lead Lender means each of Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and Truist Bank. 
 Lease means any agreement, whether written or oral, no matter how styled or structured, pursuant to which a Loan Party is entitled to the use or occupancy of any real property for any period of time. 
 Lender has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto and includes any Lender indicated on Schedule 2.01 as a Revolving Lender or FILO Lender, the Swing Line Lender and any other Person who hereafter becomes a Revolving Lender and or a FILO Lender pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption Agreement . 
 Lending Office means, as to any Lender, the office or offices of such Lender described as such in such Lender s Administrative Questionnaire, or such other office or offices as a Lender may from time to time notify the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent, which office may include any Affiliate of such Lender or any domestic or foreign branch of such Lender or such Affiliate. Unless the context otherwise requires each reference to a Lender shall include its applicable Lending Office. 
 Letter of Credit means each Standby Letter of Credit and each Commercial Letter of Credit issued hereunder and shall include Existing Letters of Credit. 
 Letter of Credit Application means an application and agreement for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit in the form from time to time in use by any applicable LC Issuer. 
 Letter of Credit Expiration Date means the day that is five (5) days prior to the Maturity Date then in effect (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next preceding Business Day). 
 Letter of Credit Fee has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(i) . 
 11238955v2 
 33 
 11238955v21 

Letter of Credit Sublimit means an amount equal to 30,000,000. The Letter of Credit Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Aggregate Commitments. A permanent reduction of the Aggregate Commitments shall not require a corresponding pro rata reduction in the Letter of Credit Sublimit provided , however , that if the Aggregate Commitments are reduced to an amount less than the Letter of Credit Sublimit, then the Letter of Credit Sublimit shall be reduced to an amount equal to (or, at Lead Borrower s option, less than) the Aggregate Commitments. 
 Licensed Merchandise means (a) with respect to merchandise subject to the Merchandising Agreement, Licensed Merchandise as defined therein and (b) with respect to merchandise subject to the E-Commerce Agreement, Licensed Merchandise as defined therein. 
 Licensed Merchandise Account means a segregated deposit account of Lead Borrower at Bank of America, N.A., into which the Merchandising Agreement Monthly Revenue shall be deposited and held until each Merchandising Agreement Settlement Date, which account shall be subject to a first priority lien in favor of FLC and a second priority lien in favor of the Secured Parties. 
 Licensed Merchandise Documents means the Merchandising Agreement, the Merchandising Agreement Side Letter, the E-Commerce Agreement and any other document, agreement or instrument entered into by any Loan Party pursuant to the foregoing or in connection with any Licensed Merchandise. 
 Lien means (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, or preference, priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement in the nature of a security interest of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale, Capital Lease Obligation, Synthetic Lease Obligation, or other title retention agreement, any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to real property, and any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing) and (b) in the case of securities, any purchase option, call or similar right of a third party with respect to such securities. 
 Liquidation means the exercise by the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent of those rights and remedies accorded to such Agents under the Loan Documents and applicable Law as a creditor of the Loan Parties with respect to the realization on the Collateral, including (after the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default) the conduct by the Loan Parties acting with the consent of the Collateral Agent, of any public, private or going-out-of-business , store closing or other similar sale or any other disposition of the Collateral for the purpose of liquidating the Collateral. Derivations of the word Liquidation (such as Liquidate are used with like meaning in this Agreement. 
 Loan means an extension of credit by a Lender to any Borrower under Article II in the form of a Revolving Loan, FILO Loan or a Swing Line Loan. 
 Loan Account has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(a) . 
 Loan Cap means, at any time of determination, an amount equal to the lesser of (a) the Aggregate Commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility at such time and (b) the Borrowing Base at such time. 
 Loan Documents means this Agreement, each Note, each Issuer Document, the Fee Letters, all Borrowing Base Certificates, the Blocked Account Agreements, the Securities Account Control Agreements, the DDA Notifications, the Credit Card Notifications, the Security Documents, the Facility Guaranty, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Confirmation Agreement, any agreement creating or perfecting rights in Cash Collateral pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.16 of this Agreement and any other instrument or agreement now or hereafter executed and delivered in connection herewith, each as amended and in effect from time to time. 
 Loan Party means each Borrower and each Guarantor. 
 Material Adverse Effect means (a) a material adverse change in, or a material adverse effect upon, the operations, business, properties, liabilities (actual or contingent), or financial condition of any 
 11238955v2 
 34 
 11238955v21 

Loan Party or the Lead Borrower and the other Loan Parties taken as a whole (b) impairment of the ability of any Loan Party to perform its material obligations under any material Loan Document to which it is a party or (c) a material impairment of the rights and remedies of the Agent or the Lenders under any material Loan Document or a material adverse effect upon the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability against any Loan Party of any Loan Document to which it is a party. In determining whether any individual event would result in a Material Adverse Effect, notwithstanding that such event in and of itself does not have such effect, a Material Adverse Effect may be deemed to have occurred if the cumulative effect of such event and all other then existing events would result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Material Indebtedness means (a) Indebtedness (other than the Obligations) of the Loan Parties in an aggregate principal amount exceeding 35,000,000 15,000,000 , (b) the Subordinated Term Loan Obligations and any refinancing thereof pursuant to a Qualifying Refinancing Transaction or otherwise and (c) any Indebtedness under any Permitted Senior Debt. For purposes of determining the amount of Material Indebtedness at any time, the amount of the obligations in respect of any Swap Contract at such time shall be calculated at the Swap Termination Value thereof. 
 Material IP means any intellectual property owned by the Borrower or any Subsidiary to the extent such intellectual property is material to the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (taken as a whole). 
 Material Storage Location means any warehouse or other leased storage or distribution facility in which 10,000,000 or more of Inventory is or may be located from time to time. 
 Material Store Acquisition means the acquisition of more than 50 bookstore contracts or leases in a single transaction or series of related transactions, either through assumption or replacement of existing contracts or leases between third parties and the applicable college, university or other educational institution. 
 Maturity Date means February 29, 2024 August 29, 2024 provided that if such day is not a Business Day, the Maturity Date shall be the Business Day immediately preceding such day . 
 Maximum DDA Balance means, with respect to each DDA, an amount equal to (a) 1,000 times (b) the aggregate number of Stores that maintain deposits in such DDA. 
 Maximum Rate has the meaning provided therefor in Section 10.09 . 
 Measurement Period means, at any date of determination, the most recently completed twelve (12) consecutive Fiscal Months of the Lead Borrower for which financial statements have or should have been delivered in accordance with Section 6.01 . 
 Merchandising Agreement means that certain Store Merchandising Agreement, dated as of December 20, 2020, among Lead Borrower, Barnes & Noble College Booksellers, LLC, and MBS Textbook Exchange, LLC, and FLC, as in effect on the Third Amendment Effective Date and as it may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance herewith. 
 Merchandising Agreement Monthly Settlement Date means the date in each 4-5-4 retail calendar month under the Merchandising Agreement that the Net Revenue Share (as defined in the Merchandising Agreement) for such period is paid or due and payable to FLC in accordance with Section 6.2 of the Merchandising Agreement. 
 Merchandising Agreement Side Letter has the meaning specified in the Third Amendment. 
 Minimum Collateral Amount means, at any time, (i) with respect to Cash Collateral consisting of cash or deposit account balances provided to reduce or eliminate Fronting Exposure during the existence of a Defaulting Lender, an amount equal to 105 of the Fronting Exposure of the LC Issuer with respect to Letters of Credit issued and outstanding at such time, (ii) with respect to Cash Collateral 
 11238955v2 
 35 
 11238955v21 

consisting of cash or deposit account balances provided in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.16(a)(i), (a)(ii) or (a)(iii) , an amount equal to 105 of the Outstanding Amount of all LC Obligations, (iii) with respect to any Secured Obligations under any Bank Product or Cash Management Services, such amount as may be agreed between the Loan Party and Lender or Affiliate of a Lender party to such Swap Contract constituting a Bank Product or to such Cash Management Services, as applicable, and (iv) otherwise, an amount determined by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the LC Issuer, as the case may be, in their sole discretion. 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto. 
 Multiemployer Plan means any employee benefit plan of the type described in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which a Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions, or during the preceding three plan years, has made or been obligated to make contributions. 
 Multiple Employer Plan means a Plan which has two or more contributing sponsors (including any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate) at least two of whom are not under common control, as such a plan is described in Section 4064 of ERISA. 
 Mutual Consent means that certain Mutual Consent and Agreement, dated as of the Sixth Amendment Effective Date, by and among the Administrative Agent, Toplids LendCo, LLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent under the Subordinated Term Loan Agreement, the lenders under the Subordinated Term Loan Agreement, and acknowledged and agreed to by the Lead Borrower and the other Loan Parties. 
 Net Orderly Liquidation Value means the appraised orderly liquidation value of the Borrowers Inventory, net of costs and expenses to be incurred in connection with any such liquidation, which value is expressed as a percentage of Cost of the Borrowers Inventory as set forth in the Borrowers inventory stock ledger, which value shall be determined from time to time by the most recent appraisal undertaken by an independent appraiser engaged by (and which such appraisal shall be reasonably satisfactory to) the Administrative Agent. 
 Net Proceeds means (a) with respect to any Disposition described in Section 2.05(e) , the excess, if any, of (i) the sum of cash and cash equivalents received in connection with such transaction (including any cash or cash equivalents received by way of deferred payment pursuant to, or by monetization of, a note receivable or otherwise, but only as and when so received) over (ii) the sum of (A) the principal amount of any Indebtedness that is secured by the applicable asset by a Lien permitted hereunder which is senior to the Collateral Agent s Lien on such asset and that is required to be repaid (or to establish an escrow for the future repayment thereof) in connection with such transaction (other than Indebtedness under the Loan Documents or Indebtedness under the Subordinated Term Loan Agreement ), (B) the reasonable and customary out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such Loan Party in connection with such transaction (including, without limitation, appraisals, and brokerage, legal, title and recording or transfer tax expenses and commissions) paid by any Loan Party to third parties (other than Affiliates)), (C) commercially reasonable amounts provided as a funded reserve against any liabilities under any indemnification obligations or purchase price adjustments associated with such Dispositions, and (D) all federal, state, provincial, foreign and local taxes required to be accrued as a liability under GAAP, and (b) with respect to the sale or issuance of any Equity Interest by any Loan Party, or the incurrence or issuance of any Indebtedness by any Loan Party, the excess of (i) the sum of the cash and cash equivalents received in connection with such transaction over (ii) the sum of (x) the underwriting discounts and commissions or arrangement or commitment fees payable, and other reasonable and customary out-of-pocket expenses, incurred by such Loan Party in connection therewith and (y) all distributions and other payments required to be made to minority interest holders in such Person as a result of such sale. 
 Non-Consenting Lender has the meaning provided therefor in Section 10.01 . 
 Non-Defaulting Lender means, at any time, each Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time. 
 11238955v2 
 36 
 11238955v21 

Non-Extension Notice Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(b)(iii) . 
 Note means (a) a promissory note made by the Borrowers in favor of a Revolving Lender evidencing Revolving Loans made by such Revolving Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit C-1 , (b) the Swing Line Note, and (c) a promissory note made by the Borrowers in favor of a FILO Lender evidencing FILO Loans made by such FILO Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit C-3 , as each may be amended, supplemented or modified from time to time. 
 Obligations means all advances to, and debts (including principal, interest, fees, costs, and expenses), liabilities, obligations, covenants, indemnities, and duties of, any Loan Party arising under any Loan Document or otherwise with respect to any Loan or Letter of Credit (including payments in respect of reimbursement of disbursements, interest thereon and obligations to provide cash collateral therefor), whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest, fees, costs and expenses that accrue after the commencement by or against any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest, fees, costs and expenses are allowed claims in such proceeding provided , however , for the avoidance of doubt, Obligations shall not include Other Liabilities . 
 OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury. 
 Ordinary Blocked Account means any Blocked Account of any Loan Party which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include any Buy-Back Trigger Period Accounts. 
 Organization Documents means, (a) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction) (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization and operating agreement and (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or organization and any agreement, instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any certificate or articles of formation or organization of such entity. 
 Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 
 Other Liabilities means any obligation of any Loan Party (a) arising under any document or agreement relating to or (b) on account of (i) any Cash Management Services and or (ii) any Bank Product. 
 Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 3.06 ). 
 Outstanding Amount means (i) with respect to Committed Loans and Swing Line Loans on any date, the aggregate outstanding principal amount thereof after giving effect to any borrowings and prepayments or repayments of Committed Loans and Swing Line Loans, as the case may be, occurring on such date and (ii) with respect to any LC Obligations on any date, the amount of such LC Obligations on such date after giving effect to (A) any LC Credit Extension occurring on such date and (B) any other 
 11238955v2 
 37 
 11238955v21 

changes in the aggregate amount of the LC Obligations as of such date, including as a result of any reimbursements by the Borrowers of Unreimbursed Amounts. 
 Overadvance means a Credit Extension under the Revolving Credit Facility to the extent that, immediately after its having been made, Availability (as defined without regard to clause (b) of the definition thereof) is less than or equal to the greater of (a) ten percent (10 of the Loan Cap and (b) 25,000,000 32,500,000 and the Borrowers are not in compliance with Section 7.15 , or otherwise the aggregate Credit Extensions under the Revolving Credit Facility exceed the Loan Cap. 
 Participant has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(d) . 
 Participant Register has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(d) . 
 Patriot Act shall have the meaning provided in Section 4.01(f) . 
 Payoff Letter means that certain payoff letter, dated as of the Closing Date, among Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent under the Existing Credit Agreement, and Barnes & Noble, as lead borrower under the Existing Credit Agreement, with respect to the payment in full of all obligations outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement, termination of all commitments thereunder and agreements to release all Liens upon the assets of the B&N Parties and the Loan Parties. 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. 
 PCAOB means the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. 
 Pension Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA), other than a Multiemployer Plan, that is subject to Title IV of ERISA and is sponsored or maintained by a Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate or to which a Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate contributes or has an obligation to contribute, or in the case of a Multiple Employer Plan, has made contributions at any time during the immediately preceding three plan years. 
 Perfection Certificate means that certain Perfection Certificate, dated as of August 3, 2015, made by the Lead Borrower to the Collateral Agent. 
 Permitted Acquisition means , subject to the proviso at the end of this definition, an Acquisition in which all of the following conditions are satisfied 
 (a) no Default then exists or would arise from the consummation of such Acquisition 
 (b) (i) if such Acquisition will be funded in whole or in part by proceeds of Loans, such Acquisition is not hostile and (ii) any assets acquired shall be utilized in, and if the Acquisition involves a merger, consolidation or stock acquisition, the Person which is the subject of such Acquisition shall be engaged in, a business substantially the same as one or more line or lines of Business 
 (c) the Lead Borrower shall have furnished the Administrative Agent with at least seven (7) days prior written notice (or such shorter period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion) of each such intended Acquisition, including confirmation that all conditions to such intended Acquisition under this definition have been satisfied or will be satisfied in accordance with the terms hereof 
 (d) if as of the notice date determined in accordance with the foregoing clause (c) with respect to such proposed Acquisition (in a single or series of related transactions) (i) Availability is less than or equal to fifty percent (50.0 of the Aggregate Loan Cap as of such date and (ii) the aggregate consideration (whether in cash, tangible property, notes or other property) is equal to or in excess of 30,000,000, the Lead Borrower promptly (and in any event, 
 11238955v2 
 38 
 11238955v21 

no less than seven (7) Business Days prior to the consummation of such Acquisition or such shorter period as may otherwise be agreed by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) shall furnish to the Administrative Agent such documentation, if any, that the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, which may include a current draft of the documents, agreements and instruments contemplated to be executed in connection therewith (and final copies thereof as and when executed), and a summary of any due diligence undertaken by the Loan Parties in connection with such Acquisition in the form prepared by the Loan Parties for their internal purposes and 
 (e) either, 
 (i) Projected Excess Availability and Pro Forma Excess Availability as of the date of consummation of such Acquisition will be equal to or greater than twelve and one half percent (12.5 of the Aggregate Loan Cap and the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, on a pro-forma basis for the Measurement Period immediately prior to such Acquisition, will be equal to or greater than 1.0 to 1.0 or 
 (ii) Projected Excess Availability and Pro Forma Excess Availability as of the date of consummation of such Acquisition will be equal to or greater than twenty percent (20.0 of the Aggregate Loan Cap . 
 provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, from and after the Sixth Amendment Effective Date, no Acquisition shall constitute a Permitted Acquisition. 
 Permitted Buy-Back Programs means seasonal buy-back programs of college text books in accordance with leases, contracts or other instruments or agreements governing its Stores and otherwise in accordance with customary business practices in the college bookselling industry. 
 Permitted Discretion means a determination made in good faith and in the exercise of commercially reasonable business judgment, determined in a manner consistent with its credit procedures for asset-based lending transactions in the retail industry and otherwise in similar circumstances. 
 Permitted Disposition has the meaning specified in Section 7.05 . 
 Permitted Encumbrances has the meaning specified in Section 7.01 . 
 Permitted Indebtedness has the meaning specified in Section 7.03 . 
 Permitted Investments has the meaning specified in Section 7.02 . 
 Permitted Overadvance means an Overadvance made by the Administrative Agent, in its reasonable discretion (unless the Required Lenders direct the Administrative Agent not to make or to discontinue making Overadvances), which 
 (a) is made to maintain, protect or preserve the Collateral and or the Credit Parties rights under the Loan Documents or which is otherwise for the benefit of the Credit Parties or 
 (b) is made to enhance the likelihood of, or to maximize the amount of, repayment of any Obligation 
 (c) is made to pay any other amount chargeable to any Loan Party hereunder and 
 (d) together with all other Permitted Overadvances then outstanding, shall not (i) exceed five percent (5.0 of the Loan Cap at any time or (ii) unless a Liquidation is occurring, remain outstanding for more than forty-five (45) consecutive Business Days, unless in each case, the Required Lenders otherwise agree. 
 11238955v2 
 39 
 11238955v21 

provided however , that the foregoing shall not (i) modify or abrogate any of the provisions of Section 2.03 regarding the Lender s obligations with respect to Letters of Credit, or (ii) result in any claim or liability against the Administrative Agent (regardless of the amount of any Overadvance) for inadvertent Overadvances (i.e. where an Overadvance results from changed circumstances beyond the control of the Administrative Agent (such as a reduction in the collateral value)), and such inadvertent Overadvances shall not reduce the amount of Permitted Overadvances allowed hereunder, and further provided that in no event shall the Administrative Agent make an Overadvance, if after giving effect thereto, the principal amount of the Credit Extensions would exceed the Aggregate Commitments (as in effect prior to any termination of the Commitments pursuant to Section 2.06 hereof). 
 Permitted Refinancing means, with respect to any Indebtedness, any refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension of such Indebtedness, so long as (i) the amount of such Indebtedness is not increased at the time of such refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension except by an amount equal to a reasonable premium or other reasonable amount paid, and fees and expenses reasonably incurred, in connection with such refinancing and by an amount equal to any existing commitments unutilized thereunder, and the direct or contingent obligor with respect thereto is not changed as a result of or in connection with such refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension, (ii) such extension, renewal or replacement shall not result in an earlier maturity date or decreased weighted average life of such Indebtedness, and (iii) the terms relating to principal amount, amortization, maturity, collateral (if any) and subordination (if any), and other material terms taken as a whole, of any such refinancing, refunding, renewing or extending Indebtedness, and of any agreement entered into and of any instrument issued in connection therewith, are not materially less favorable, taken as a whole, to the Credit Parties than the terms of any agreement or instrument governing the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended or are otherwise market terms. 
 Permitted Self-Insurance Program means a self-insurance program of the Lead Borrower and the other Loan Parties (a)(i) that is permitted under applicable Laws, (ii) of an amount and type customarily carried by Persons engaged in the same or similar business and operating in the same or similar locations, (iii) with respect to which the Lead Borrower has provided the Administrative Agent notice of activation of such program at least 30 days prior to such program becoming effective, and (iv) that otherwise satisfies the requirements set forth in Section 6.07 provided , however , that no self-insurance program may directly insure all or any portion of the Collateral unless (x) such self-insurance program satisfies the foregoing requirements and (y) the Collateral Agent (in consultation with the Lead Lenders) consents in writing (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) to the form and substance of such self-insurance program and (b) with respect to worker s compensation that is permitted under applicable Laws and of an amount and type customarily carried by Persons engaged in the same or similar business and operating in the same or similar locations. 
 Permitted Senior Debt means , subject to the last proviso of this definition, Indebtedness of any Loan Party, in any aggregate principal amount of up to 350,000,000, all pursuant to an indenture, credit agreement, or other loan agreement and guaranty agreements, as applicable provided , that 
 (a) no portion of the principal of such Indebtedness shall be required to be paid, whether by stated maturity, mandatory or scheduled prepayment or redemption or otherwise, prior to the date that is ninety one (91) days after the Maturity Date, other than in the event of (i) customary excess cash flow sweep, (ii) a default under such Indebtedness, (iii) a change of control of the Lead Borrower or (iv) certain asset sales in each case, subject to the standstill and the lien subordination provisions described in clause (d) below 
 (b) such Indebtedness may be unsecured or secured by a first priority Lien on all or any portion of the Excluded Assets only and, if requested, a second priority Lien on any Collateral provided , that the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Credit Parties, is granted a second priority Lien on all Excluded Assets securing such Indebtedness), unless the Administrative Agent reasonably determines (in consultation with the Lead Borrower or as directed by the Required Lenders, as the case may be) that the costs of obtaining a perfected, second priority security interest in all or any portion of such Excluded Assets are excessive in relation to the value of the security to be afforded thereby, and (ii) if such Excluded Assets 
 11238955v2 
 40 
 11238955v21 

include any Real Property, no such Real Property shall be included as Collateral without the prior written consent of all of the Lenders) 
 (c) the documents, instruments and other agreements pursuant to which such Indebtedness shall be issued or outstanding shall not be more restrictive than those contained in this Agreement or the other Loan Documents taken as a whole or conflict with or violate the covenants or otherwise create Defaults under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents and 
 (d) to the extent such Indebtedness is secured by all or any portion of the Collateral, such Indebtedness shall be subject to a customary intercreditor agreement reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders, addressing, among other things, (A) the priority of the Liens securing the Collateral and Excluded Assets and the payment of proceeds therefrom, (B) a standstill by the holders of such Indebtedness as to remedies against the Collateral (in accordance with Section 6.12(e)), (C) waivers by the holders of such Indebtedness of rights to contest validity or priority of Liens of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders or object to dispositions of Collateral (including an affirmative agreement by such holders to release Liens of such holders in the event of a disposition of Collateral approved by the Administrative Agent and in accordance with Section 6.12(e)), and (D) waiver of certain rights to object to the use of cash collateral or sale of Collateral, and restrictions on certain claims and actions, in any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws by the holders of such Indebtedness. 
 provided, further, that notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time from and after the Sixth Amendment Effective Date no Indebtedness shall constitute Permitted Senior Debt for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, limited partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 
 Plan means any employee benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) established by the Borrowers or, with respect to any such plan that is subject to Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of ERISA, any ERISA Affiliate. 
 Platform has the meaning specified in Section 6.02 . 
 Pro Forma Excess Availability means, for any date of calculation, the pro forma average Availability for each Fiscal Month for the Six Month Period most recently ended prior to such date of calculation determined as if the applicable transaction or payment had been consummated as the beginning of such Six Month Period. 
 Pro Rata means, with respect to any Lender, a percentage (expressed as a decimal, rounded to the ninth decimal place) determined (i) while the Aggregate Commitments are outstanding, by dividing the amount of such Lender s Commitment by the amount of the Aggregate Commitments and (ii) at any other time, by dividing the Outstanding Amount of such Lender s Loans and LC Obligations by the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Loans and LC Obligations. 
 Projected Excess Availability means, for any date of calculation, the projected average Availability for each Fiscal Month during the Six Month Period immediately following such date of calculation. 
 Protective Advance means any extension of credit hereunder (whether in the form of a Credit Extension or an advance made by the Administrative Agent) that is made (or deemed to exist) by the Administrative Agent, in its reasonable discretion (unless the Required Revolving Lenders direct the Administrative Agent not to make or to discontinue making Protective Advances), which 
 (a) is made to maintain, protect or preserve the Collateral and or the Credit Parties rights under the Loan Documents or which is otherwise for the benefit of the Credit Parties or 
 11238955v2 
 41 
 11238955v21 

(b) is made to enhance the likelihood of, or to maximize the amount of, repayment of any Obligation 
 (c) is made to pay any other amount chargeable to any Loan Party hereunder and 
 (d) together with all other Protective Advances then outstanding, shall not (i) exceed ten percent (10.0 of the Loan Cap at any time or (ii) unless a Liquidation is occurring, remain outstanding for more than forty-five (45) consecutive Business Days, unless in each case, the Required Lenders otherwise agree. 
 provided however, that the foregoing shall not (i) modify or abrogate any of the provisions of Section 2.03 regarding the Lender s obligations with respect to Letters of Credit, or (ii) result in any claim or liability against the Administrative Agent (regardless of the amount of any Protective Advance) for Unintentional Overadvances and such Unintentional Overadvances shall not reduce the amount of Protective Advances allowed hereunder, and further provided that in no event shall the Administrative Agent make Protective Advances, if after giving effect thereto, the principal amount of the Revolving Total Outstandings would exceed the Aggregate Commitments (as in effect prior to any termination of the Aggregate Commitments pursuant to Section 8.02 hereof). 
 PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 Public Lender has the meaning specified in Section 6.02 . 
 QFC has the meaning specified in Section 11.14(b) . 
 QFC Credit Support has the meaning specified in Section 11.14 . 
 Qualifying Disposition means any Disposition pursuant to Section 7.05(l) generating Net Proceeds in excess of 1,000,000. 
 Qualifying Refinancing Transaction means a debt or equity financing transaction entered into for the purpose of refinancing the Subordinated Term Loan Obligations and generating Net Proceeds in an amount at least sufficient to repay all outstanding FILO Loans (if any) , subject to the limitations set forth in the Intercreditor Agreement . 
 Real Estate means (i) all land, together with the buildings, structures, parking areas, and other improvements thereon, now or hereafter owned by any Loan Party, including all easements, rights-of-way, and similar rights of a Loan Party or in favor of a Loan Party relating thereto and all leases, tenancies, and occupancies thereof and (ii) all Leases. 
 Real Property means real property as such term is used in the UCC. 
 Receivables Reserves mean such reserves as may be established from time to time by the Administrative Agent in the Administrative Agent s Permitted Discretion with respect to the determination of the collectability in the ordinary course of Eligible Accounts Receivables, including, without limitation, reserves for dilution. 
 Recipient means the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any Lender, any LC Issuer or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party hereunder. 
 Register has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(c) . 
 Registered Public Accounting Firm has the meaning specified by the Securities Laws, if and to the extent such Registered Public Accounting Firm is nationally recognized, and shall be independent of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries as prescribed by the Securities Laws. 
 11238955v2 
 42 
 11238955v21 

Regulation U means Regulation U of the FRB, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 Related Parties means, with respect to any Person, such Person s Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors and representatives of such Person and of such Person s Affiliates. 
 Relevant Governmental Body means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. 
 Reportable Event means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than events for which the 30 day notice period has been waived. 
 Reports has the meaning provided in Section 9.12(b) . 
 Request for Credit Extension means (a) with respect to a Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Committed Loans, a Committed Loan Notice, (b) with respect to a conversion or continuation of Committed Loans, a Committed Loan Notice, (c) with respect to an LC Credit Extension, a Letter of Credit Application, and (d) with respect to a Swing Line Loan, a Swing Line Loan Notice. 
 Required Lenders means, as of any date of determination, Lenders holding more than 50.0 of the sum of the Aggregate Commitments plus the Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments or, if the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and the obligation of the LC Issuer to make LC Credit Extensions have been terminated pursuant to Section 8.02 , Lenders holding in the aggregate more than 50.0 of the sum of the Total Outstandings under both Facilities (with the aggregate amount of each Revolving Lender s risk participation and funded participation in LC Obligations and Swing Line Loans being deemed held by such Revolving Lender for purposes of this definition) provided , that the Commitment of, and the portion of the Total Outstandings held or deemed held by, any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Lenders provided , that the amount of any participation in any Swing Line Loan and Unreimbursed Amounts that such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund that have not been reallocated to and funded by another Revolving Lender shall be deemed to be held by the Lender that is the Swing Line Lender or applicable LC Issuer, as the case may be, in making such determination). 
 Rescindable Amount has the meaning as defined in Section 2.12(b)(ii) . 
 Reserves means all Inventory Reserves, Availability Reserves, Receivables Reserves and FILO Reserves. 
 Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 Responsible Officer means the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, treasurer or assistant treasurer or vice president or director of finance of a Loan Party or any of the other individuals designated in writing to the Administrative Agent by an existing Responsible Officer of a Loan Party as an authorized signatory of any certificate or other document to be delivered hereunder, provided , that for the purposes of any Committed Loan Notice, Letter of Credit Application and Swing Line Loan Notice, Responsible Officer shall also include any officer, director or manager of the treasury department of the Lead Borrower who is duly authorized to bind the Lead Borrower and with respect to whom the Administrative Agent has received an incumbency certificate (or any other officer or employee of the applicable Loan Party designated in or pursuant to an agreement between the applicable Loan Party and the Administrative Agent), and solely for purposes of the delivery of incumbency certificates pursuant to Section 4.01 , the secretary or any assistant secretary of a Loan Party. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and or other action on the part 
 11238955v2 
 43 
 11238955v21 

of such Loan Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party. 
 Restricted Payment means any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any capital stock or other Equity Interest of any Person, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, defeasance, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such capital stock or other Equity Interest, or on account of any return of capital to such Person s stockholders, partners or members (or the equivalent of any thereof), or any option, warrant or other right to acquire any such dividend or other distribution or payment. Without limiting the foregoing, Restricted Payments with respect to any Person shall also include all payments made by such Person with any proceeds of a dissolution or liquidation of such Person. 
 Revolving Commitment Fee has the meaning specified in Section 2.09(a). 
 Revolving Credit Commitment means, as to each Revolving Lender, its obligation to (a) make Committed Revolving Loans to the Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.01(a) , (b) purchase participations in LC Obligations and (c) purchase participations in Swing Line Loans, in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Revolving Lender s name with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility on Schedule 2.01 or in any Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Revolving Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. 
 Revolving Credit Facility means , at any time, the collective reference to the Revolving Credit Commitments of the Revolving Lenders, including obligations to purchase participations in Swing Line Loans and Letters of Credit LC Obligations . 
 Revolving Lender means each Lender indicated on Schedule 2.01 as a Revolving Lender of Revolving Loans and any other Person that becomes a Revolving Lender pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption Agreement . 
 Revolving Loan has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(a) . 
 Revolving Settlement Date has the meaning provided in Section 2.14(a). 
 S&P means Standard & Poor s Financial Services LLC, a subsidiary of S&P Global Inc. and any successor thereto. 
 Sanction(s) means any sanction administered or enforced by the United States Government (including without limitation, OFAC), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her His Majesty s Treasury HMT or other relevant sanctions authority 
 Sarbanes-Oxley means the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Scheduled Unavailability Date has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(c) . 
 SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions. 
 Second Amendment means that certain Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of March 1, 2019, among the Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto. 
 Second Amendment Effective Date means the Second Amendment Effective Date as defined in the Second Amendment. 
 Secured Obligations means all Obligations, all Guaranteed Obligations and all Other Liabilities, provided , that the Secured Obligations shall exclude any Excluded Swap Obligations. 
 11238955v2 
 44 
 11238955v21 

Securities Account Control Agreement means with respect to a securities account established by a Loan Party, an agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, establishing Control (as defined in the Security Agreement) of such account by the Collateral Agent and whereby the applicable securities intermediary agrees, during any the Cash Dominion Trigger Period, to comply only with the instructions originated by the Collateral Agent without the further consent of any Loan Party. 
 Securities Laws means the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Sarbanes-Oxley, and the applicable accounting and auditing principles, rules, standards and practices promulgated, approved or incorporated by the SEC or the PCAOB. 
 Security Agreement means the Security Agreement dated as of the Closing Date among the Loan Parties and the Collateral Agent, as amended pursuant to the Third Amendment in the form attached as Annex B to the Third Amendment. 
 Security Documents means the Security Agreement, the Blocked Account Agreements, the Securities Account Control Agreements, the DDA Notifications, the Credit Card Notifications and each other security agreement or other instrument or document executed and delivered to the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document granting a Lien to secure any of the Secured Obligations (including, without limitation, any Lien that may be granted from time to time upon all or any portion of the Excluded Assets in accordance with Section 6.12( e d ). 
 Shareholders Equity means, as of any date of determination, consolidated shareholders equity of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of that date determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 Shrink means Inventory which has been lost, misplaced, stolen, or is otherwise unaccounted for. 
 Six Month Period means any period of six (6) consecutive Fiscal Months taken as one accounting period. 
 Sixth Amendment means that certain Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of March 8, 2023, among the Loan Parties party thereto, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto. 
 Sixth Amendment Cash Flow Forecast means a 13-week cash flow forecast and budget (for the period commencing March 8, 2023), of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries consolidated (A) projected cash receipts, (B) projected disbursements, (C) projected operating cash flow, (D) projected Borrowings (including Letters of Credit) to be requested by the Borrower under this Agreement, and (E) projected Borrowing Base and Availability, including back-up schedules and supporting information as reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, which shall be prepared by the Borrower in good faith based upon reasonable assumptions for the 13-week period covered thereby. 
 Sixth Amendment Effective Date has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Sixth Amendment. 
 SOFR means the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator). 
 SOFR Adjustment with respect to Daily Simple SOFR means 0.10 (10.0 basis points) and with respect to Term SOFR means 0.10 (10.0 basis points) for an Interest Period of one-month s duration, 0.15 (15.0 basis points for an Interest Period of three-month s duration, and 0.25 (25.0 basis points) for an Interest Period of six-months duration. 
 Solvent and Solvency means, with respect to any Person on a particular date, that on such date (a) at fair valuation, the value of all of the properties and assets of such Person are greater than the sum of the debts, including contingent liabilities, of such Person, (b) the present fair saleable value of the 
 11238955v2 
 45 
 11238955v21 

properties and assets of such Person is not less than the amount that would be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts as they become absolute and matured, (c) such Person is able to realize upon its properties and assets and pay its debts and other liabilities, contingent obligations and other commitments as they mature in the normal course of business, (d) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts beyond such Person s ability to pay as such debts mature, and (e) such Person is not engaged in a business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in a business or transaction, for which such Person s properties and assets would constitute unreasonably small capital after giving due consideration to the prevailing practices in the industry in which such Person is engaged. The amount of all guarantees at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in light of all the facts and circumstances existing at the time, can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability. 
 Specified Default means any event or condition that constitutes, or with the passage of time would constitute, an Event of Default under any of clauses (a), (b) (solely with respect to Section 7.15 ), (f), (g), (k) or (l) of Section 8.01 . 
 Specified Tax Payments means Restricted Payments made by the Borrower or the Acquired Companies within 6 months of the First Amendment Effective Date for the purpose of paying governmental income tax liabilities of the Acquired Companies in an aggregate amount of no more than 12,000,000. 
 Specified DSS Collection Account has the meaning set forth in Section 6.13(c). 
 Specified Event means a liquidity event, which may include a sale of Equity Interests or a Disposition of assets related to one or more of the Loan Parties business units and any associated Intellectual Property used exclusively therewith, in each case, that is made for all cash consideration and specified to the Administrative Agent in writing as of the Sixth Amendment Effective Date or, with the written consent of the Administrative Agent, prior to the consummation thereof provided, however, in each case such liquidity event (including, without limitation, the applicable Loan Parties application of the proceeds thereof) is in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement. 
 Specified Event Advance Rate Reduction Date means each of (x) a Specified Event Closing Date generating at least 20,000,000 of cash proceeds, (y) a Specified Event with respect to all or substantially all of the property specified to the Administrative Agent in writing as of the Sixth Amendment Effective Date and (z) May 31, 2023 or such later date as may be approved by Administrative Agent in its sole discretion (unless the Required Lenders otherwise direct the Administrative Agent in writing). 
 Specified Event Closing Date means each date that a Specified Event is consummated. 
 Specified Refinancing Transaction has the meaning set forth in Section 6.19(b). 
 Specified Store Collection Accounts has the meaning set forth in Section 6.13(c). 
 Spin-Off means the ratable distribution of equity interests in the Lead Borrower by Barnes & Noble to the equity holders of Barnes & Noble on the Closing Date. 
 Spin-Off Agreements means the separation and distribution agreement, transition services agreement, tax matters agreement, employee matters agreement, any shared services agreements, all intellectual property license agreements and all other material contracts and agreements entered into between the Lead Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any of the B&N Parties, on the other hand. 
 Standby Letter of Credit means any Letter of Credit that is not a Commercial Letter of Credit and that (a) is used in lieu or in support of performance guaranties or performance, surety or similar bonds (excluding appeal bonds) arising in the ordinary course of business, (b) is used in lieu or in support of stay or appeal bonds, (c) supports the payment of insurance premiums for reasonably necessary casualty 
 11238955v2 
 46 
 11238955v21 

insurance carried by any of the Loan Parties, or (d) supports payment or performance for identified purchases or exchanges of products or services in the ordinary course of business. 
 Stated Amount means at any time the maximum amount for which a Letter of Credit may be honored. 
 Store means any retail store (which may include any real property, fixtures, equipment, inventory and other property related thereto) operated, or to be operated, by any Loan Party. 
 Subordinated Term Loan Agreement means that certain Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated on or about June 7, 2022, among the Lead Borrower, as the borrower, the other Loan Parties, as guarantors, the lenders party thereto from time to time and Toplids LendCo, LLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with its terms and with the Intercreditor Agreement. 
 Subordinated Term Loan Obligations means the Secured Obligations as defined in the Subordinated Term Loan Agreement. 
 Subsidiary of a Person means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other business entity of which a majority of the shares Equity Interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body (other than securities or interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) are at the time beneficially owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of a Loan Party. 
 Successor Rate has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(b). 
 Super-Majority Required Lenders means, as of any date of determination, Revolving Lenders holding more than 66.67 of the Aggregate Commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility or, if the commitment of each Revolving Lender to make Revolving Loans and the obligation of the LC Issuer to make LC Credit Extensions have been terminated pursuant to Section 8.02 , Revolving Lenders holding in the aggregate more than 66.67 of the Total Outstandings under the Revolving Credit Facility (with the aggregate amount of each Lender s risk participation and funded participation in LC Obligations and Swing Line Loans being deemed held by such Lender for purposes of this definition) provided , that the Commitment of, and the portion of the Total Outstandings held or deemed held by, any Defaulting Lender under the Revolving Credit Facility shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Super-Majority Required Lenders provided , that the amount of any participation in any Swing Line Loan and Unreimbursed Amounts that such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund that have not been reallocated to and funded by another Lender shall be deemed to be held by the Lender that is the Swing Line Lender or applicable LC Issuer, as the case may be, in making such determination). 
 Supported QFC has the meaning specified in Section 11.14 . 
 Swap Contract means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a Master Agreement ), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement. 
 11238955v2 
 47 
 11238955v21 

Swap Obligations means with respect to any Borrower or Guarantor any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of Section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 Swap Termination Value means, in respect of any one or more Swap Contracts, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Swap Contracts, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Contracts have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Swap Contracts, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap Contracts (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender). 
 Swing Line means the revolving credit facility made available by the Swing Line Lender pursuant to Section 2.04 . 
 Swing Line Borrowing means a borrowing of a Swing Line Loan pursuant to Section 2.04 . 
 Swing Line Lender means Bank of America in its capacity as provider of Swing Line Loans, or any successor swing line lender hereunder. 
 Swing Line Loan has the meaning specified in Section 2.04(a) . 
 Swing Line Loan Notice means a notice of a Swing Line Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.04(b) , which, if in writing, shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit B , or such other form as approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approve by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. 
 Swing Line Note means the promissory note of the Borrowers substantially in the form of Exhibit C-2 , payable to the order of the Swing Line Lender, evidencing the Swing Line Loans made by the Swing Line Lender. 
 Swing Line Sublimit means an amount equal to the lesser of (a) 50,000,000 and (b) the Aggregate Commitments. The Swing Line Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Aggregate Commitments. 
 Synthetic Lease Obligation means the monetary obligation of a Person under (a) a so-called synthetic, off-balance sheet or tax retention lease, or (b) an agreement for the use or possession of property (including sale and leaseback transactions), in each case, creating obligations that do not appear on the balance sheet of such Person but which, upon the application of any Debtor Relief Laws to such Person, would be characterized as the indebtedness of such Person (without regard to accounting treatment). 
 Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholdings), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 Term SOFR means 
 (a) for any Interest Period with respect to a Term SOFR Loan, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period with a term equivalent to such Interest Period provided that if the rate is not published prior to 11 00 a.m. on such determination date then Term SOFR means the Term SOFR Screen Rate on the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto, in each case, plus the SOFR Adjustment for such Interest Period and 
 11238955v2 
 48 
 11238955v21 

(b) for any interest calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any date, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate with a term of one month commencing that day 
 provided that if the Term SOFR determined in accordance with either of the foregoing provisions (a) or (b) of this definition would otherwise be less than zero, the Term SOFR shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Term SOFR Loan means a Committed Loan that bears interest at a rate based on clause (a) of the definition of Term SOFR. 
 Term SOFR Screen Rate means the forward-looking SOFR term rate administered by CME (or any successor administrator satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) and published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time). 
 Termination Date means the earliest to occur of (i) the Maturity Date, (ii) the date on which the maturity of the Obligations is accelerated (or deemed accelerated) and the Commitments are irrevocably terminated (or deemed terminated) in accordance with Article VIII or (iii) the termination of the Commitments in accordance with Section 2.06 hereof. 
 Third Amendment means that certain Third Amendment and Waiver to Credit Agreement and First Amendment to Security Agreement, dated as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, among the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto. 
 Third Amendment Effective Date has the meaning given such term in the Third Amendment. 
 Total Outstandings means (a) for purposes of the determining Required Lenders and Super-Majority Required Lenders or any other provision of the Loan Documents that expressly refers to the Total Outstandings under the Facilities, the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Loans and LC Obligations, (b) with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility, the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Revolving Loans and LC Obligations and (c) with respect to the FILO Facility, the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all FILO Loans. 
 Trading With the Enemy Act has the meaning set forth in Section 10.18 . 
 Twelve Month Period means any period of twelve (12) consecutive Fiscal Months taken as one accounting period. 
 Type means, with respect to a Committed Loan, its character as a Base Rate Loan or a Term SOFR Loan. 
 UCC or Uniform Commercial Code means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of New York provided , however , that if a term is defined in Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code differently than in another Article thereof, the term shall have the meaning set forth in Article 9 provided further that, if by reason of mandatory provisions of law, perfection, or the effect of perfection or non-perfection, of a security interest in any Collateral or the availability of any remedy hereunder is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in a jurisdiction other than the State of New York, Uniform Commercial Code means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in such other jurisdiction for purposes of the provisions hereof relating to such perfection or effect of perfection or non-perfection or availability of such remedy, as the case may be. 
 UCP means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, International Chamber of Commerce ICC Publication No. 600 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance). 
 UFCA has the meaning specified in Section 10.21(d) . 
 11238955v2 
 49 
 11238955v21 

UFTA has the meaning specified in Section 10.21(d) . 
 UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person subject to IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 Unfunded Pension Liability means the excess of a Pension Plan s benefit liabilities under Section 4001(a)(16) of ERISA, over the current value of that Pension Plan s assets, determined in accordance with the assumptions used for funding the Pension Plan pursuant to Section 412 of the Code for the applicable plan year. 
 Unintentional Overadvance means an Overadvance which, to the Administrative Agent s knowledge, did not constitute an Overadvance when made but which has become an Overadvance resulting from changed circumstances beyond the control of the Credit Parties, including, without limitation, (a) a reduction in the appraised value of property or assets included in the Borrowing Base, (b) components of the Borrowing Base on any date thereafter being deemed ineligible, (c) the imposition of, or increase in, any Reserve or a reduction in advance rates after the funding of any Loan or advance or the issuance, renewal or amendment of a Letter of Credit, (d) the return of uncollected checks or other items of payment applied to the reduction of Loans or other similar involuntary or unintentional actions, or (e) any misrepresentation by the Loan Parties. 
 United States and U.S. mean the United States of America. 
 Unreimbursed Amount has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(c)(i) . 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any Business Day, except any Business Day on which any of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, the New York Stock Exchange or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is not open for business because such day is a legal holiday under the federal laws of the United States or the laws of the State of New York, as applicable 
 U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States Person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(e)(ii)(B)(III) . 
 Variance Testing Period means the period beginning on the occurrence of a Variance Covenant Trigger Event. 
 Variance Covenant Trigger Event means any failure of a Specified Event Closing Date to occur on or prior to May 31, 2023 or such later date as may be approved by Administrative Agent in its sole discretion (unless the Required Lenders otherwise direct the Administrative Agent in writing). 
 Weekly Reporting Trigger means (a) the occurrence of an Event of Default or (b) the occurrence of an Availability Event. 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that 
 11238955v2 
 50 
 11238955v21 

person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 11.02 Other Interpretive Provisions . With reference to this Agreement and each other Loan Document, unless otherwise specified herein or in such other Loan Document 
 (a) The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall . Unless the context requires otherwise, (i) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document (including any Organization Document) shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein or in any other Loan Document), (ii) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns, (iii) the words herein , hereof and hereunder , and words of similar import when used in any Loan Document, shall be construed to refer to such Loan Document in its entirety and not to any particular provision thereof, (iv) all references in a Loan Document to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, the Loan Document in which such references appear, (v) any reference to any law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending replacing or interpreting such law and any reference to any law or regulation shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such law or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, (vi) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights and (vii) except to the extent otherwise set forth in this Agreement, the word promptly when used with respect to any action or delivery by any Loan Party shall mean as soon as reasonably possible, but no later than five (5) business days Business Days . 
 (b) In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including the words to and until each mean to but excluding and the word through means to and including . 
 (c) Section headings herein and in the other Loan Documents are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (d) Any reference herein to a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, consolidation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, shall be deemed to apply to a division of or by a limited liability company, or an allocation of assets to a series of a limited liability company (or the unwinding of such a division or allocation), as if it were a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, consolidation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, as applicable, to, of or with a separate Person. Any division of a limited liability company shall constitute a separate Person hereunder (and each division of any limited liability company that is a Subsidiary, joint venture or any other like term shall also constitute such a Person or entity). 
 11.03 Accounting Terms . 
 (a) Generally . All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP applied on a consistent basis, as in effect from time to time, applied in a manner consistent with that used in preparing the Audited Financial Statements for the fiscal year ended May 2, 2015, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of determining compliance with any covenant (including the computation of any financial covenant) contained herein, Indebtedness of any Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall be deemed to be carried at 100 of the 
 11238955v2 
 51 
 11238955v21 

outstanding principal amount thereof, and the effects of FASB ASC 825 and FASB ASC 470-20 on financial liabilities shall be disregarded. 
 (b) Changes in GAAP . If at any time any change in GAAP would affect the computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan Document, and either the Lead Borrower or the Required Lenders shall so request, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Lead Borrower shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP (subject to the approval of the Required Lenders) provided , that until so amended, (i) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein and (ii) the Lead Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP. Without limiting the foregoing, leases shall continue to be classified and accounted for on a basis consistent with that reflected in the Audited Financial Statements for the fiscal year ended May 2, 2015 for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding any change in GAAP relating thereto, unless the parties hereto shall enter into a mutually acceptable amendment addressing such changes, as provided for above. 
 (c) Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities . All references herein to consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or to the determination of any amount for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis or any similar reference shall, in each case, be deemed to include each variable interest entity that the Borrower is required to consolidate pursuant to FASB ASC 810 as if such variable interest entity were a Subsidiary as defined herein. 
 11.04 Rounding . Any financial ratios required to be maintained by the Borrowers pursuant to this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearest number). 
 11.05 Times of Day Interest Rates . Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to Eastern time (daylight or standard, as applicable). The Administrative Agent does not warrant, nor accept responsibility, nor shall the Administrative Agent have any liability with respect to the administration, submission or any other matter related to any reference rate referred to herein or with respect to any rate (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the selection of such rate and any related spread or other adjustment) that is an alternative or replacement for or successor to any such rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing) or the effect of any of the foregoing, or of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions or other activities that affect any reference rate referred to herein, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing) or any related spread or other adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrowers. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any reference rate referred to herein or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing), in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrowers, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or other action or omission related to or affecting the selection, determination, or calculation of any rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 
 11.06 Letter of Credit Amounts . Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the Stated Amount of such Letter of Credit in effect at such time provided , however , that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms or by the terms of any Issuer Documents related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the Stated Amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the maximum Stated 
 11238955v2 
 52 
 11238955v21 

Amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum Stated Amount is in effect at such time. 
 11.07 Ratio Adjustments for Acquisitions and Dispositions . 
 (a) Ratio Acquisition Adjustments . Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, for purposes of calculating the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio or the Consolidated Adjusted Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for any period (or a portion of a period) that includes the date of the consummation of any Permitted Acquisition, references to Lead Borrower and the other Loan Parties shall include each acquired Person (if such Person becomes a Loan Party during such period of measurement), or lines of business, as applicable, and the Consolidated EBITDA and each other component of Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio and Consolidated Adjusted Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, as applicable, of such acquired Person (if such Person becomes a Loan Party during such period of measurement) or line of business (such Consolidated EBITDA and other components to be formulated on the basis of the definitions set forth herein), as if the Acquisition had been consummated on the first day of any such period of measurement. 
 (b) Ratio Disposition Adjustments . Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, for purposes of calculating the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio or the Consolidated Adjusted Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for any period (or a portion of a period) that includes the date of any Disposition of a Loan Party or line of business, as applicable, Consolidated EBITDA and each other component of Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio and Consolidated Adjusted Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, as applicable, shall be determined on a historical pro forma basis to exclude the results of operations of such Loan Party or line of business, as applicable so disposed. 
 11.08 Intentionally Omitted. 
 11.09 Notices Generally . Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, any notice required to be provided by the Loan Parties shall be substantially in the form of notice attached as Exhibit M hereto. 
 ARTICLE II THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 
 2.1 Revolving Loans Reserves . 
 (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Revolving Lender severally agrees to make loans (each such loan, a Revolving Loan to the Borrowers from time to time, on any Business Day during the Availability Period, in an aggregate outstanding amount not to exceed at any time the lesser of (x) the amount of such Revolving Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment, or (y) such Revolving Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Borrowing Base, subject in each case to the following limitations 
 (i) after giving effect to any Committed Borrowing under this Section 2.01 , the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Revolving Loans of any Revolving Lender, plus such Revolving Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all LC Obligations, plus such Revolving Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all Swing Line Loans , plus such Revolving Lender s Applicable Percentage of Protective Advances shall not exceed such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment, 
 (ii) the Outstanding Amount of all LC Obligations shall not at any time exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit, and 
 (iii) after giving effect to any Revolving Borrowing, the Total Outstandings under the Revolving Credit Facility shall not exceed the Loan Cap. 
 Within the limits of each Revolving Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Borrowers may borrow under this Section 2.01(a) , prepay under Section 
 11238955v2 
 53 
 11238955v21 

2.05 , and reborrow under this Section 2.01(a) . Revolving Loans may be Base Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans, as further provided herein. 
 (b) The Administrative Agent shall (i) have the right, at any time and from time to time after the Closing Date upon not less than two (2) Business Days prior notice, in its Permitted Discretion to establish, and modify or eliminate, Reserves , and (ii) so long as no Cash Dominion Trigger Period shall exist, give the Lead Borrower two (2) Business Days prior written notice before any such change becomes effective provided, that during such notice period, solely for purposes of any determination of the Borrowing Base in connection with a Request for Credit Extension, the Borrowing Base shall be calculated after giving effect to such Reserves provided, further, that that no such prior notice shall be required (a) for changes to any Reserves resulting solely by virtue of mathematical calculations of the amount of the Reserve in accordance with the methodology of calculation previously utilized, (b) for changes to Reserves or establishment of additional Reserves if a Material Adverse Effect has occurred or it could be reasonably likely that a Material Adverse Effect could occur were such Reserve not changed or established prior to the expiration of such two (2) Business Day period, or (c) if an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing . 
 2.2 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Committed Loans . 
 (a) Committed Loans (other than Swing Line Loans) shall be either Base Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans as the Lead Borrower may request subject to and in accordance with this Section 2.02 . All Swing Line Loans shall be only Base Rate Loans. Subject to the other provisions of this Section 2.02 , Committed Borrowings of more than one Type may be incurred at the same time. 
 (b) Each Committed Borrowing of Revolving Loans, each conversion of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, and each continuation of Term SOFR Loans shall be made upon the Lead Borrower s irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent, which may be given by (A) telephone or (B) Committed Loan Notice provided that any telephonic notice must be confirmed immediately by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Committed Loan Notice. Each such Committed Loan Notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 1 00 p.m. (i) three Business Days prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term SOFR Loans or of any conversion of Term SOFR Loans to Base Rate Loans, and (ii) on the requested date of any Borrowing of Base Rate Loans. Each Committed Borrowing of Term SOFR Loans under the FILO Facility shall be made in accordance with Section 2.18(d) . Each Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term SOFR Loans shall be in a principal amount of 5,000,000 or a whole multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof. Except as provided in Section 2.03(c) and Section 2.04(c) , each Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of 500,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, but subject to the remaining terms and conditions of this Agreement (including without limitation the conditions precedent to the Revolving Lenders obligation to honor any request for a Committed Borrowing of Revolving Loans) if any Committed Borrowing of Revolving Loans in any of the foregoing minimum amounts with respect to Base Rate Loans would cause Availability to be less than zero immediately after such Committed Borrowing, such Committed Borrowing may be made in such lesser amount as is necessary to make Availability equal to zero immediately after such Committed Borrowing. Each Committed Loan Notice shall specify (i) whether the Lead Borrower is requesting a Committed Borrowing, a conversion of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, or a continuation of Term SOFR Loans, (ii) the requested date of the Borrowing, conversion or continuation, as the case may be (which shall be a Business Day), (iii) the principal amount of Committed Loans to be borrowed, converted or continued, (iv) the Type (if any) of Committed Loans to be borrowed or to which existing Committed Loans are to be converted, and (v) if applicable, the duration of the Interest Period with respect thereto. If the Borrower fails to specify a Type of Committed Loan in a Committed Loan Notice or if the Borrower fails to give a timely notice requesting a conversion or continuation, then the applicable Committed Loans shall be made as, or converted to, Base Rate Loans. Any such automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans shall be effective as of the last day of the Interest Period then in effect with respect to the applicable Term SOFR Loans. If the Lead Borrower requests a Borrowing of, conversion to, or continuation of Term SOFR Loans in any such Committed Loan Notice, but fails to specify an Interest Period, it will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one month. 
 11238955v2 
 54 
 11238955v21 

(c) Following receipt of a Committed Loan Notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each applicable Lender of the amount of its Applicable Percentage of the applicable Committed Loans, and if no timely notice of conversion or continuation is provided by the Lead Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the details of any automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans described in the preceding section. In the case of a Committed Borrowing, each applicable Lender shall make the amount of its Committed Loan available to the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds at the Administrative Agent s Office not later than 1 00 p.m. on the Business Day specified in the applicable Committed Loan Notice. Upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (and, if such Borrowing is (x) the initial Credit Extension, Section 4.01 or (y) a Borrowing of a FILO Loan, Section 2.18(c) ), the Administrative Agent shall make all funds so received available to the Borrowers in as received by the Administrative Agent either by (i) crediting the account of the Lead Borrower on the books of Bank of America with the amount of such funds or (ii) wire transfer of such funds, in each case in accordance with instructions provided to (and reasonably acceptable to) the Administrative Agent by the Lead Borrower provided , however , that if, on the date the Committed Loan Notice with respect to any such Borrowing of Revolving Loans is given by the Lead Borrower, there are LC Borrowings outstanding, then the proceeds of such Borrowing, first , shall be applied to the payment in full of any such LC Borrowings, and second , shall be made available to the Borrowers as provided above. 
 (d) The Administrative Agent, without the request of the Lead Borrower, may advance any interest, fee, service charge, Credit Party Expenses, or other payment to which any Credit Party is entitled from the Loan Parties pursuant hereto or any other Loan Document and may charge the same to the Loan Account notwithstanding that an Overadvance may result thereby, provided , that no such charge shall increase the time that any such Permitted Overadvance Protective Advance may remain outstanding. The Administrative Agent shall advise the Lead Borrower of any such advance or charge promptly after the making thereof. Such action on the part of the Administrative Agent shall not constitute a waiver of the Administrative Agent s rights and the Borrowers obligations under Section 2.05(c) , Section 2.05(d) or Section 2.05(e) . Any amount which is added to the principal balance of the Loan Account as provided in this Section 2.02(d) shall bear interest at the interest rate then and thereafter applicable to Base Rate Loans. 
 (e) Except as otherwise provided herein, a Term SOFR Loan may be continued or converted only on the last day of an Interest Period for such Term SOFR Loan. During the existence of a Default, no Loans may be requested as, converted to or continued as Term SOFR Loans without the Consent of the Required Lenders. 
 (f) The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Lead Borrower and the Lenders of the interest rate applicable to any Interest Period for Term SOFR Loans upon determination of such interest rate. At any time that Base Rate Loans are outstanding, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Lead Borrower and the Lenders of any change in Bank of America s prime rate used in determining the Base Rate promptly following the public announcement of such change. 
 (g) After giving effect to all Committed Borrowings, all conversions of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, and all continuations of Committed Loans as the same Type, there shall not be more than seven (7) Interest Periods total in effect with respect to Committed Loans. 
 (h) The Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Swing Line Lender and the LC Issuer shall have no obligation to make any Loan or to provide any Letter of Credit if an Overadvance would result. The Administrative Agent may, in its reasonable discretion, make Permitted Overadvances Protective Advances without the consent of the Lenders, the Swing Line Lender and the LC Issuer and each Lender shall be bound thereby provided , however , that the Administrative Agent shall cease making Permitted Overadvances Protective Advances if so directed by the Required Lenders. Any Permitted Overadvance Protective Advance may constitute a Swing Line Loan. A Permitted Overadvance Protective Advance is for the account of the Borrowers and shall constitute a Committed Loan and an Obligation and shall be repaid by the Borrowers in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.05(c) . The making of any such Permitted Overadvance Protective Advance on any one occasion shall not obligate the Administrative Agent or any Lender to make or permit any Permitted Overadvance Protective Advance on any other occasion or to permit such Permitted Overadvances Protective Advance to remain outstanding. The making by the Administrative Agent of a 
 11238955v2 
 55 
 11238955v21 

Permitted Overadvance Protective Advance shall not modify or abrogate any of the provisions of Section 2.03 regarding the Lenders obligations to purchase participations with respect to Letter of Credits or of Section 2.04 regarding the Lenders obligations to purchase participations with respect to Swing Line Loans. The Administrative Agent shall have no liability for, and no Loan Party or Credit Party shall have the right to, or shall, bring any claim of any kind whatsoever against the Administrative Agent with respect to inadvertent Overadvances (i.e. where an Overadvance results from changed circumstances beyond the control of the Administrative Agent (such as a reduction in the collateral value)) Unintentional Overadvances regardless of the amount of any such Overadvance(s). Upon the making of a Protective Advance by the Administrative Agent (whether before or after the occurrence of a Default), each Revolving Lender shall be deemed, without further action by any party hereto, unconditionally and irrevocably to have purchased from the Administrative Agent without recourse or warranty, an undivided interest and participation in such Protective Advance in proportion to its Applicable Percentage of such Protective Advance. From and after the date, if any, on which any Revolving Lender is required to fund its participation in any Protective Advance purchased hereunder, the Administrative Agent shall promptly distribute to such Revolving Lender, such Revolving Lender s Applicable Percentage of all payments of principal and interest and all proceeds of Collateral received by the Administrative Agent in respect of such Protective Advance. At any time that the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4.02 have been satisfied or waived, the Administrative Agent may request that the Revolving Lenders make a Revolving Loans to repay a Protective Advance. At any other time, the Administrative Agent may require the Revolving Lenders to fund their risk participations in such Protective Advances. 
 (i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any Lender may exchange, continue or rollover all of the portion of its Loans in connection with any refinancing, extension, loan modification or similar transaction permitted by the terms of this Agreement, pursuant to a cashless settlement mechanism approved by the Lead Borrower, the Administrative Agent, and such Lender. 
 (j) With respect to SOFR or Term SOFR, the Administrative Agent will have the right in consultation with the Lead Borrower to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the Borrowers and the Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. 
 2.3 Letters of Credit . 
 (a) The Letter of Credit Commitment . 
 (i) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (A) the LC Issuer agrees, in reliance upon the agreements of the Revolving Lenders set forth in this Section 2.03 , (1) from time to time on any Business Day during the period from the Closing Date until the Termination Date (or the date of termination of the Commitments, if earlier), to issue Letters of Credit for the account of the Borrowers, and to amend or extend Letters of Credit previously issued by it, in accordance with Section 2.03(b) below, and (2) to honor drawings under the Letters of Credit and (B) the Revolving Lenders severally agree to participate in Letters of Credit issued for the account of the Borrowers and any drawings thereunder provided , that after giving effect to any LC Credit Extension with respect to any Letter of Credit, (w) the Total Outstandings under the Revolving Credit Facility shall not exceed the lesser of (1) the Aggregate Commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility and (2) the Borrowing Base Loan Cap , (x) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Revolving Loans of any Revolving Lender, plus such Revolving Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all LC Obligations, plus such Revolving Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all Swing Line Loans and Protective Advances shall not exceed such Revolving Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment, (y) the Outstanding Amount of the LC Obligations shall not exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit (or, with respect to Letters of Credit issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., the 
 11238955v2 
 56 
 11238955v21 

sublimit for JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as described in the definition of LC Issuer and (z) the Total Outstandings under the Revolving Credit Facility shall not exceed the lesser of (1) the Aggregate Commitments and (2) the Borrowing Base Loan Cap . Each request by the Lead Borrower for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be a representation by the Borrowers that the LC Credit Extension so requested complies with the conditions set forth in the proviso to the preceding sentence. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Borrowers ability to obtain Letters of Credit shall be fully revolving, and accordingly the Borrowers may, during the foregoing period, obtain Letters of Credit to replace Letters of Credit that have expired or that have been drawn upon and reimbursed. Any LC Issuer (other than Bank of America or any of its Affiliates) shall notify the Administrative Agent in writing on each Business Day of all Letters of Credit issued on the prior Business Day by such LC Issuer, provided , that (A) until the Administrative Agent advises any such LC Issuer that the provisions of Section 4.02 are not satisfied, or (B) the aggregate amount of the Letters of Credit issued in any such week exceeds such amount as shall be agreed by the Administrative Agent and the LC Issuer, such LC Issuer shall be required to so notify the Administrative Agent in writing only once each week of the Letters of Credit issued by such LC Issuer during the immediately preceding week as well as the daily amounts outstanding for the prior week, such notice to be furnished on such day of the week as the Administrative Agent and such LC Issuer may agree. All Existing Letters of Credit shall be deemed to have been issued pursuant hereto, and from and after the Closing Date shall be subject to and governed by the terms and conditions hereof. 
 (ii) The LC Issuer shall not issue any Letter of Credit, if 
 (A) subject to Section 2.03(b)(iii) , the expiry date of a requested Standby Letter of Credit would occur more than twelve (12) months after the date of issuance or last extension, unless the LC Issuer and the Administrative Agent each consent, in their sole discretion, to a later expiry date or 
 (B) the expiry date of a requested Commercial Letter of Credit would occur more than 180 days after the date of issuance or last extension, unless the LC Issuer and the Administrative Agent each consent, in their sole discretion, to a later expiry date or 
 (C) the expiry date of any requested Letter of Credit would occur after the fifth day prior to the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, unless such Letter of Credit is required to be (and at the applicable time is) Cash Collateralized on or prior to the thirtieth day prior to the Letter of Credit Expiration Date. 
 (iii) The LC Issuer shall not be under any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if 
 (A) any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain the LC Issuer from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any Law applicable to the LC Issuer or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over the LC Issuer shall prohibit, or request that the LC Issuer refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon the LC Issuer with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which the LC Issuer is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose upon the LC Issuer any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Closing Date and which the LC Issuer in good faith deems material to it 
 (B) the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of the LC Issuer applicable to letters of credit generally 
 (C) such Letter of Credit is to be denominated in a currency other than Dollars provided , that if the LC Issuer, in its discretion, issues a Letter of Credit denominated in a currency other than Dollars, all reimbursements by the Borrowers of the 
 11238955v2 
 57 
 11238955v21 

honoring of any drawing under such Letter of Credit shall be paid in the currency in which such Letter of Credit was denominated 
 (D) such Letter of Credit contains any provisions for automatic reinstatement of the Stated Amount after any drawing thereunder or 
 (E) a default of any under the with respect to any Revolving Lender s reimbursement or funding obligations to fund under Section 2.03(c) exists or any under the Revolving Lender is at such time a Defaulting Lender, unless the LC Issuer has entered into arrangements satisfactory to the LC Issuer (in its sole discretion) with the Borrowers or such Revolving Lender to eliminate the LC Issuer s actual or potential Fronting Exposure (after giving effect to Section 2.17(b)) with respect to the Defaulting Lender arising from either the Letter of Credit then proposed to be issued or that Letter of Credit and all other LC Obligations as to which the LC Issuer has actual or potential Fronting Exposure, as it may elect in its sole discretion. 
 (iv) The LC Issuer shall not amend any Letter of Credit if the LC Issuer would not be permitted at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof or if the beneficiary of such Letter of Credit does not accept the proposed amendment to such Letter of Credit. 
 (v) The LC Issuer shall act on behalf of the Revolving Lenders with respect to any Letters of Credit issued by it and the documents associated therewith, and the LC Issuer shall have all of the benefits and immunities (A) provided to the Administrative Agent in Article IX with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by the LC Issuer in connection with Letters of Credit issued by it or proposed to be issued by it and Issuer Documents pertaining to such Letters of Credit as fully as if the term Administrative Agent as used in Article IX included the LC Issuer with respect to such acts or omissions, and (B) as additionally provided herein with respect to the LC Issuer. 
 (b) Procedures for Issuance and Amendment of Letters of Credit Auto-Extension Letters of Credit . 
 (i) Each Letter of Credit shall be issued or amended, as the case may be, upon the request of the Lead Borrower delivered to the LC Issuer (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) or online, consistent with past practice, in the form of a Letter of Credit Application, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower. Such Letter of Credit Application may be sent by facsimile, by United States mail, by overnight courier, by electronic transmission using the system provided by the LC Issuer, by personal delivery or by any other means acceptable to the LC Issuer. Such Letter of Credit Application must be received by the LC Issuer and the Administrative Agent not later than 11 00 a.m. at least three (3) Business Days (or such other date and time as the Administrative Agent and the LC Issuer may agree in a particular instance in their sole discretion) prior to the proposed issuance date or date of amendment, as the case may be. In the case of a request for an initial issuance of a Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail satisfactory to the LC Issuer (A) the proposed issuance date of the requested Letter of Credit (which shall be a Business Day) (B) the amount thereof (C) the expiry date thereof (D) the name and address of the beneficiary thereof (E) the documents to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder (F) the full text of any certificate to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder thereunder (G) the purpose and nature of the requested Letter of Credit and (H) such other matters as the LC Issuer may require. In the case of a request for an amendment of any outstanding Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail satisfactory to the LC Issuer (A) the Letter of Credit to be amended (B) the proposed date of amendment thereof (which shall be a Business Day) (C) the nature of the proposed amendment and (D) such other matters as the LC Issuer may require. Additionally, the Lead Borrower shall furnish to the LC Issuer and the Administrative Agent such other documents and information pertaining to such requested Letter of Credit issuance or amendment, including any Issuer Documents, as the LC Issuer or the Administrative Agent may require. 
 11238955v2 
 58 
 11238955v21 

(ii) Promptly after receipt of any Letter of Credit Application, the LC Issuer will confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) that the Administrative Agent has received a copy of such Letter of Credit Application from the Borrowers and, if not, the LC Issuer will provide the Administrative Agent with a copy thereof. Unless the LC Issuer has received written notice from any Revolving Lender, the Administrative Agent or any Loan Party, at least one Business Day prior to the requested date of issuance or amendment of the applicable Letter of Credit, that one or more applicable conditions contained in Article IV shall not then be satisfied, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the LC Issuer shall, on the requested date, issue a Letter of Credit for the account of the applicable Borrower or enter into the applicable amendment, as the case may be, in each case in accordance with the LC Issuer s usual and customary business practices. Immediately upon the issuance or amendment of each Letter of Credit, each Revolving Lender shall be deemed to (without any further action), and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the LC Issuer, without recourse or warranty, a risk participation in such Letter of Credit in an amount equal to the product of such Revolving Lender s Applicable Percentage under the Revolving Credit Facility times the amount of such Letter of Credit. Upon any change in the Revolving Credit Commitments under this Agreement, it is hereby agreed that with respect to all LC Obligations, there shall be an automatic adjustment to the participations hereby created to reflect the new Applicable Percentages of the assigning and assignee Revolving Lenders. 
 (iii) If the Lead Borrower so requests in any applicable Letter of Credit Application, the LC Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, agree to issue a Standby Letter of Credit that has automatic extension provisions (each, an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit provided , that any such Auto-Extension Letter of Credit must permit the LC Issuer to prevent any such extension at least once in each twelve-month period (commencing with the date of issuance of such Standby Letter of Credit) by giving prior notice to the beneficiary thereof not later than a day (the Non-Extension Notice Date in each such twelve-month period to be agreed upon at the time such Standby Letter of Credit is issued. Unless otherwise directed by the LC Issuer, the Lead Borrower shall not be required to make a specific request to the LC Issuer for any such extension. Once an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit has been issued, the Revolving Lenders shall be deemed to have authorized (but may not require) the LC Issuer to permit the extension of such Standby Letter of Credit at any time to an expiry date not later than twelve months following the Letter of Credit Expiration Date provided , however , that the LC Issuer shall not permit any such extension if (A) the LC Issuer has determined that it would not be permitted, or would have no obligation, at such time to issue such Standby Letter of Credit in its revised form (as extended) under the terms hereof (by reason of the provisions of clauses (ii) or (iii) of Section 2.03(a) or otherwise), or (B) it has received notice (which may be by telephone or in writing) on or before the day that is five Business Days before the Non-Extension Notice Date (1) from the Administrative Agent that the Required Lenders have elected not to permit such extension or (2) from the Administrative Agent, any Revolving Lender or the Lead Borrower that one or more of the applicable conditions specified in Section 4.02 is not then satisfied, and in each such case directing the LC Issuer not to permit such extension. 
 (iv) Promptly after its delivery of any Letter of Credit or any amendment to a Letter of Credit to an advising bank with respect thereto or to the beneficiary thereof, the LC Issuer will also deliver to the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent a true and complete copy of such Letter of Credit or amendment. 
 (c) Drawings and Reimbursements Funding of Participations . 
 (i) Upon receipt from the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit of any notice of a drawing under such Letter of Credit, the LC Issuer shall notify the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent thereof provided , however , that any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the Borrowers of their obligation to reimburse the LC Issuer and the Revolving Lenders with respect to any such payment. Not later than 11 00 a.m. on the Business Day following the date of any payment by the LC Issuer under a Letter of Credit (each such date, an Honor Date ), the Borrowers shall reimburse the LC Issuer through the Administrative Agent in an amount equal to the amount of such drawing. If the Borrowers fail to so reimburse the LC 
 11238955v2 
 59 
 11238955v21 

Issuer by such time, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Revolving Lender of the Honor Date, the amount of the unreimbursed drawing (the Unreimbursed Amount ), and the amount of such Revolving Lender s Applicable Percentage thereof. In such event, the Borrowers shall be deemed to have requested a Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Loans under the Revolving Credit Facility to be disbursed on the Honor Date in an amount equal to the Unreimbursed Amount, without regard to the minimum and multiples specified in Section 2.02 for the principal amount of Base Rate Loans, but subject to the amount of the unutilized portion of the Aggregate Commitments and the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (other than the delivery of a Committed Loan Notice). Any notice given by the LC Issuer or the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 2.03(c)(i) may be given by telephone if immediately confirmed in writing provided , that the lack of such an immediate confirmation shall not affect the conclusiveness or binding effect of such notice. 
 (ii) Each Revolving Lender shall upon any notice pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(i) make funds available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the LC Issuer at the Administrative Agent s Office in an amount in Dollars equal to its Applicable Percentage of the Dollar equivalent (as determined in good faith by the applicable LC Issuer) of the Unreimbursed Amount not later than 3 00 p.m. on the Business Day specified in such notice by the Administrative Agent, whereupon, subject to the provisions of Section 2.03(c)(iii) , each Revolving Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed to have made a Base Rate Loan to the Borrowers in such amount. The Administrative Agent shall remit the funds so received to the LC Issuer. 
 (iii) With respect to any Unreimbursed Amount that is not fully refinanced by a Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Loans under the Revolving Credit Facility because the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 cannot be satisfied or for any other reason, the Borrowers shall be deemed to have incurred from the LC Issuer an LC Borrowing in the amount of the Unreimbursed Amount that is not so refinanced, which LC Borrowing shall be due and payable on demand (together with interest) and shall bear interest at the Default Rate (determined for Loans). In such event, each Revolving Lender s payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the LC Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(ii) shall be deemed payment in respect of its participation in such LC Borrowing and shall constitute an LC Advance from such Revolving Lender in satisfaction of its participation obligation under this Section 2.03 . 
 (iv) Until each Revolving Lender funds its Revolving Loan or LC Advance pursuant to this Section 2.03(c) to reimburse the LC Issuer for any amount drawn under any Letter of Credit, interest in respect of such Revolving Lender s Applicable Percentage of such amount shall be solely for the account of the LC Issuer. 
 (v) Each Revolving Lender s obligation to make Revolving Loans or LC Advances to reimburse the LC Issuer for amounts drawn under Letters of Credit, as contemplated by this Section 2.03(c) , shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have against the LC Issuer, any Borrower or any other Person for any reason whatsoever (B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default, or (C) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing provided , however , that each Revolving Lender s obligation to make Committed Loans pursuant to this Section 2.03(c) is subject to the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (other than delivery by the Lead Borrower of a Committed Loan Notice). No such making of an LC Advance shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the Borrowers to reimburse the LC Issuer for the amount of any payment made by the LC Issuer under any Letter of Credit, together with interest as provided herein. 
 (vi) If any Revolving Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the LC Issuer any amount required to be paid by such Revolving Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.03(c) by the time specified in Section 2.03(c)(ii) , the LC Issuer shall be entitled to recover from such Revolving Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to the 
 11238955v2 
 60 
 11238955v21 

LC Issuer at a rate per annum equal to the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the LC Issuer in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the LC Issuer in connection with the foregoing. If such Revolving Lender pays such amount (with interest and fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid shall constitute such Revolving Lender s Committed Loan included in the relevant Committed Borrowing or LC Advance in respect of the relevant LC Borrowing, as the case may be. A certificate of the LC Issuer submitted to any Revolving Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this clause (vi) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (d) Repayment of Participations . 
 (i) At any time after the LC Issuer has made a payment under any Letter of Credit and has received from any Revolving Lender such Revolving Lender s LC Advance in respect of such payment in accordance with Section 2.03(c) , if the Administrative Agent receives for the account of the LC Issuer any payment in respect of the related Unreimbursed Amount or interest thereon (whether directly from the Borrowers or otherwise, including proceeds of Cash Collateral applied thereto by the Administrative Agent), the Administrative Agent will distribute to such Revolving Lender its Applicable Percentage thereof (appropriately adjusted, in the case of interest payments, to reflect the period of time during which such Revolving Lender s LC Advance was outstanding) in the same funds as those received by the Administrative Agent. 
 (ii) If any payment received by the Administrative Agent for the account of the LC Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(i) is required to be returned under any of the circumstances described in Section 10.05 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the LC Issuer in its discretion), each Revolving Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the LC Issuer its Applicable Percentage thereof on demand of the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned by such Revolving Lender, at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. The obligations of the Revolving Lenders under this clause shall survive the payment in full of the Secured Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 
 (e) Obligations Absolute . The obligation of the Borrowers to reimburse the LC Issuer for each drawing under each Letter of Credit and to repay each LC Borrowing shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under all circumstances, including the following 
 (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of such Letter of Credit, this Agreement, or any other Loan Document 
 (ii) the existence of any claim, counterclaim, setoff, defense or other right that the Borrowers or any Subsidiary may have at any time against any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit (or any Person for whom any such beneficiary or any such transferee may be acting), the LC Issuer or any other Person, whether in connection with this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby or by such Letter of Credit or any agreement or instrument relating thereto, or any unrelated transaction 
 (iii) any draft, demand, certificate or other document presented under such Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect or any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise of any document required in order to make a drawing under such Letter of Credit 
 (iv) waiver by the LC Issuer of any requirement that exists for the LC Issuer s protection and not the protection of the Borrowers or any waiver by the LC Issuer which does not in fact materially prejudice the Borrowers 
 11238955v2 
 61 
 11238955v21 

(v) honor of a demand for payment presented electronically even if such Letter of Credit requires that demand be in the form of a draft 
 (vi) any payment made by the LC Issuer in respect of an otherwise complying item presented after the date specified as the expiration date of, or the date by which documents must be received under such Letter of Credit if presentation after such date is authorized by the UCC, the ISP or the UCP, as applicable 
 (vii) any payment by the LC Issuer under such Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or certificate that does not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit or any payment made by the LC Issuer under such Letter of Credit to any Person purporting to be a trustee in bankruptcy, debtor-in-possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors, liquidator, receiver or other representative of or successor to any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit, including any arising in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law 
 (viii) any other circumstance or happening whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, including any other circumstance that might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, the Borrowers or any of their Subsidiaries or 
 (ix) the fact that any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 
 The Lead Borrower shall promptly examine a copy of each Letter of Credit and each amendment thereto that is delivered to it and, in the event of any claim of noncompliance with the Lead Borrower s instructions or other irregularity, the Lead Borrower will immediately notify the LC Issuer. The Borrowers shall be conclusively deemed to have waived any such claim against the LC Issuer and its correspondents unless such notice is given as aforesaid. 
 (f) Role of LC Issuer . Each Revolving Lender and the Borrowers agree that, in paying any drawing under a Letter of Credit, the LC Issuer shall not have any responsibility to obtain any document (other than any sight draft, certificates and documents expressly required by the Letter of Credit) or to ascertain or inquire as to the validity or accuracy of any such document or the authority of the Person executing or delivering any such document. None of the LC Issuer, the Administrative Agent, any of their respective Related Parties nor any correspondent, participant or assignee of the LC Issuer shall be liable to any Lender for (i) any action taken or omitted in connection herewith at the request or with the approval of the Revolving Lenders or the Required Lenders, as applicable (ii) any action taken or omitted in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct (iii) any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit or any error in interpretation of technical terms or (iv) the due execution, effectiveness, validity or enforceability of any document or instrument related to any Letter of Credit or Issuer Document. The Borrowers hereby assume all risks of the acts or omissions of any beneficiary or transferee with respect to its use of any Letter of Credit provided , however , that this assumption is not intended to, and shall not, preclude the Borrowers pursuing such rights and remedies as it may have against the beneficiary or transferee at law or under any other agreement. None of the LC Issuer, the Administrative Agent, any of their respective Related Parties nor any correspondent, participant or assignee of the LC Issuer shall be liable or responsible for any of the matters described in clauses (i) through (v) of Section 2.03(e) provided , however , that anything in such clauses to the contrary notwithstanding, the Borrowers may have a claim against the LC Issuer, and the LC Issuer may be liable to the Borrowers, to the extent, but only to the extent, of any direct, as opposed to consequential or exemplary, damages suffered by the Borrowers which the Borrowers prove were caused by the LC Issuer s willful misconduct or gross negligence, bad faith or the LC Issuer s willful failure to pay under any Letter of Credit after the presentation to it by the beneficiary of a sight draft and certificate(s) strictly complying with the terms and conditions of a Letter of Credit. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, the LC Issuer may accept documents that appear on their face to be in order, without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary (or the LC Issuer may refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit), and except as expressly stated above, the LC Issuer shall not be responsible for the validity or sufficiency of any instrument transferring or assigning or 
 11238955v2 
 62 
 11238955v21 

purporting to transfer or assign a Letter of Credit or the rights or benefits thereunder or proceeds thereof, in whole or in part, which may prove to be invalid or ineffective for any reason. The LC Issuer may send a Letter of Credit or conduct any communication to or from the beneficiary via the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication SWIFT message or overnight courier, or any other commercially reasonable means of communicating with a beneficiary. 
 (g) Intentionally omitted . 
 (h) Applicability of ISP and UCP . Unless otherwise expressly agreed by the LC Issuer and the Lead Borrower when a Letter of Credit is issued, (i) the rules of the ISP shall apply to each Standby Letter of Credit, and (ii) the rules of the UCP shall apply to each commercial Letter of Credit. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the LC Issuer shall not be responsible to the Borrowers for, and the LC Issuer s rights and remedies against the Borrowers shall not be impaired by, any action or inaction of the LC Issuer required or permitted under any law, order, or practice that is required or permitted to be applied to any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, including the Law or any order of a jurisdiction where the LC Issuer or the beneficiary is located, the practice stated in the ISP or UCP, as applicable, or in the decisions, opinions, practice statements, or official commentary of the ICC Banking Commission, the Bankers Association for Finance and Trade - International Financial Services Association (BAFT-IFSA), or the Institute of International Banking Law & Practice, whether or not any Letter of Credit chooses such law or practice. 
 (i) Letter of Credit Fees . The Borrowers shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Lender in accordance, subject to Section 2.17 , with its Applicable Percentage a Letter of Credit fee (the Letter of Credit Fee for each Letter of Credit equal to the Applicable Rate for Term SOFR Loans times the maximum daily amount available to be drawn under each such Letter of Credit (whether or not such maximum amount is then in effect under such Letter of Credit). For purposes of computing the daily amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of the Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.06 . Letter of Credit Fees shall be (i) due and payable on the first calendar day of each January, April, July and October, commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date and thereafter on demand, and (ii) computed on a quarterly basis in arrears. If there is any change in the Applicable Rate during any quarter, the daily amount available to be drawn under each Letter of Credit shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Rate was in effect. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, while any Event of Default exists, the Administrative Agent may, and upon the request of the Required Lenders shall, notify the Lead Borrower that all Letter of Credit Fees shall accrue at the Default Rate (determined for Loans) and thereafter such Letter of Credit Fees shall accrue at such Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. 
 (j) Fronting Fee and Documentary and Processing Charges Payable to LC Issuer . The Borrowers shall pay directly to the LC Issuer for its own account a fronting fee (each, a Fronting Fee (i) with respect to each commercial Letter of Credit, one-eighth of one percent (0.125 ), computed on the amount of such Letter of Credit, and payable upon the issuance thereof, (ii) with respect to any amendment of a commercial Letter of Credit increasing the amount of such Letter of Credit, at a rate separately agreed between the Lead Borrower and the LC Issuer, computed on the amount of such increase, and payable upon the effectiveness of such amendment and (iii) with respect to each standby Letter of Credit, one-eighth of one percent (0.125 per annum, computed on the daily amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit on a quarterly basis in arrears and payable on the first calendar day of each January, April, July and October in respect of the most recently-ended quarterly period (or portion thereof, in the case of the first payment), commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date and thereafter on demand. For purposes of computing the daily amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of the Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.06 . In addition, the Borrowers shall pay directly to the LC Issuer for its own account the customary issuance, presentation, amendment and other processing fees, and other standard costs and charges, of the LC Issuer relating to letters of credit as from time to time in effect. Such customary fees and standard costs and charges are due and payable on demand and are nonrefundable. 
 11238955v2 
 63 
 11238955v21 

(k) Conflict with Issuer Documents . In the event of any conflict between the terms hereof and the terms of any Issuer Document, the terms hereof shall control. 
 (l) FILO Lenders . For the avoidance of doubt, the FILO Lenders (in such capacity) shall not participate in the Letters of Credit or LC Loans Borrowings , nor shall the FILO Lenders have any obligations under this Section 2.03 , and Applicable Percentage as determined under this Section 2.03 shall exclude the FILO Commitments and the Aggregate FILO Commitments Loans . 
 2.4 Swing Line Loans . 
 (a) The Swing Line . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Swing Line Lender may, in its sole discretion and in reliance upon the agreements of the other Revolving Lenders set forth in this Section 2.04 , make loans (each such loan, a Swing Line Loan to the Lead Borrower from time to time on any Business Day during the Availability Period in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of the Swing Line Sublimit, notwithstanding the fact that such Swing Line Loans, when aggregated with the Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of Revolving Loans and LC Obligations of the Revolving Lender acting as Swing Line Lender, may exceed the amount of such Revolving Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment provided , however , that after giving effect to any Swing Line Loan, (i) the Total Outstandings under the Revolving Credit Facility shall not exceed the Loan Cap, and (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Revolving Loans of any Revolving Lender (other than the Swing Line Lender) at such time, plus such Revolving Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all LC Obligations at such time, plus such Revolving Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all Swing Line Loans at such time shall not exceed such Revolving Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment, and provided , further , that without limitation of the foregoing, the Swing Line Lender shall not be under any obligation to make any Swing Line Loan if it shall determine (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that it has, or by such Credit Extension may have, Fronting Exposure and provided , further , that the Borrowers shall not use the proceeds of any Swing Line Loan to refinance any outstanding Swing Line Loan. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Borrowers may borrow under this Section 2.04 , prepay under Section 2.05 , and reborrow under this Section 2.04 . Each Swing Line Loan shall be a Base Rate Loan. Immediately upon the making of a Swing Line Loan, each Revolving Lender (other than the Swing Line Lender) shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the Swing Line Lender a risk participation in such Swing Line Loan in an amount equal to the product of such Revolving Lender s Applicable Percentage times the amount of such Swing Line Loan. 
 (b) Borrowing Procedures . Each Swing Line Borrowing shall be made upon the Lead Borrower s irrevocable notice to the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent, which may be given by (A) telephone or (B) by a Swing Line Loan Notice provided , that any telephonic notice must be confirmed promptly by delivery to the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent of a Swing Line Loan Notice. Each such Swing Line Loan Notice must be received by the Swing Line Lender not later not later than 3 00 p.m. on the requested borrowing date, and shall specify (i) the amount to be borrowed, which shall be a minimum of 100,000, and (ii) the requested borrowing date, which shall be a Business Day. Promptly after receipt by the Swing Line Lender of any Swing Line Loan Notice, the Swing Line Lender will confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) that the Administrative Agent has also received such Swing Line Loan Notice and, if not, the Swing Line Lender will notify the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) of the contents thereof. Unless the Swing Line Lender has received notice (by telephone or in writing) from the Administrative Agent at the request of the Required Lenders prior to 3 00 p.m. on the date of the proposed Swing Line Borrowing (A) directing the Swing Line Lender not to make such Swing Line Loan as a result of the limitations set forth in the proviso to the first sentence of Section 2.04(a) , or (B) that one or more of the applicable conditions specified in Article IV is not then satisfied, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Swing Line Lender will, not later than 5 00 p.m. on the borrowing date specified in such Swing Line Loan Notice, make the amount of its Swing Line Loan available to the Lead Borrower at its office by crediting the account of the Lead Borrower on the books of the Swing Line Lender in immediately available funds. 
 (c) Refinancing of Swing Line Loans . 
 11238955v2 
 64 
 11238955v21 

(i) Subject to the provisions of Section 2.14 , the Swing Line Lender at any time in its sole and absolute discretion may request, and no less frequently than weekly shall request, on behalf of the Borrowers (which hereby irrevocably authorize the Swing Line Lender to so request on their behalf), that each Revolving Lender make a Base Rate Loan in the form of a Revolving Loan in an amount equal to such Revolving Lender s Applicable Percentage of the amount of Swing Line Loans then outstanding. Such request shall be made in writing (which written request shall be deemed to be a Committed Loan Notice for purposes hereof) and in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.02 , without regard to the minimum and multiples specified therein for the principal amount of Base Rate Loans, but subject to the unutilized portion of the Aggregate Commitments and the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 . The Swing Line Lender shall furnish the Lead Borrower with a copy of the applicable Committed Loan Notice promptly after delivering such notice to the Administrative Agent. Each Revolving Lender shall make an amount equal to its Applicable Percentage of the amount specified in such Committed Loan Notice available to the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds for the account of the Swing Line Lender at the Administrative Agent s Office not later than 1 00 p.m. on the day specified in such Committed Loan Notice, whereupon, subject to Section 2.04(c)(ii) , each Revolving Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed to have made a Base Rate Loan in the form of a Revolving Loan to the Borrowers in such amount. The Administrative Agent shall remit the funds so received to the Swing Line Lender. 
 (ii) If for any reason any Swing Line Loan cannot be refinanced by such a Committed Borrowing under the Revolving Credit Facility in accordance with Section 2.04(c)(i) , the request for Base Rate Loans submitted by the Swing Line Lender as set forth herein shall be deemed to be a request by the Swing Line Lender that each of the Revolving Lenders fund its risk participation in the relevant Swing Line Loan and each Revolving Lender s payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swing Line Lender pursuant to Section 2.04(c)(i) shall be deemed payment in respect of such participation. 
 (iii) If any Revolving Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swing Line Lender any amount required to be paid by such Revolving Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.04(c) by the time specified in Section 2.04(c)(i) , the Swing Line Lender shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to the Swing Line Lender at a rate per annum equal to the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Swing Line Lender in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Swing Line Lender in connection with the foregoing. If such Revolving Lender pays such amount (with interest and fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid shall constitute such Revolving Lender s Revolving Loan included in the relevant Committed Borrowing or funded participation in the relevant Swing Line Loan, as the case may be. A certificate of the Swing Line Lender submitted to any Revolving Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this clause (iii) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (iv) Each Revolving Lender s obligation to make Revolving Loans or to purchase and fund risk participations in Swing Line Loans pursuant to this Section 2.04(c) shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Revolving Lender may have against the Swing Line Lender, the Borrowers or any other Person for any reason whatsoever, (B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default or an Event of Default, or (C) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing provided , however , that each Revolving Lender s obligation to make Revolving Loans pursuant to this Section 2.04(c) is subject to the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 . No such funding of risk participations shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the Borrowers to repay Swing Line Loans, together with interest as provided herein. 
 (d) Repayment of Participations . 
 11238955v2 
 65 
 11238955v21 

(i) At any time after any Revolving Lender has purchased and funded a risk participation in a Swing Line Loan, if the Swing Line Lender receives any payment on account of such Swing Line Loan, the Swing Line Lender will distribute to such Revolving Lender its Applicable Percentage of such payment (appropriately adjusted, in the case of interest payments, to reflect the period of time during which such Revolving Lender s risk participation was funded) in the same funds as those received by the Swing Line Lender. 
 (ii) If any payment received by the Swing Line Lender in respect of principal or interest on any Swing Line Loan is required to be returned by the Swing Line Lender under any of the circumstances described in Section 10.05 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Swing Line Lender in its reasonable discretion), each Revolving Lender shall pay to the Swing Line Lender its Applicable Percentage thereof on demand of the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned, at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate. The Administrative Agent will make such demand upon the request of the Swing Line Lender. The obligations of the Revolving Lenders under this clause shall survive the payment in full of the Secured Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 
 (e) Interest for Account of Swing Line Lender . The Swing Line Lender shall be responsible for invoicing the Borrowers for interest on the Swing Line Loans. Until each Revolving Lender funds its Base Rate Loan or risk participation pursuant to this Section 2.04 to refinance such Revolving Lender s Applicable Percentage of any Swing Line Loan, interest in respect of such Applicable Percentage shall be solely for the account of the Swing Line Lender. 
 (f) Payments Directly to Swing Line Lender . The Borrowers shall make all payments of principal and interest in respect of the Swing Line Loans directly to the Swing Line Lender. 
 (g) FILO Lenders . For the avoidance of doubt, the FILO Lenders (in such capacity) shall not participate in the Swing Line Loans or have any obligations under this Section 2.04 , and Applicable Percentage as determined under this Section 2.04 shall exclude the FILO Commitments and the Aggregate FILO Commitments Loans . 
 2.5 Prepayments . 
 (a) Voluntary Prepayments of Committed Loans . 
 (i) The Borrowers may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent pursuant to and delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Notice of Loan Prepayment prepayment notice in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent , at any time or from time to time voluntarily prepay Revolving Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty provided , that (i) such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11 00 a.m. (A) two (2) Business Days prior to any date of prepayment of Term SOFR Loans and (B) on the date of prepayment of Base Rate Loans (ii) any prepayment of Term SOFR Loans shall be in a principal amount of 1,000,000 or a whole multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof and (iii) any prepayment of Base Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of 500,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof or, in each case, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding. Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment and the Type(s) of Loans to be prepaid and, if Term SOFR Loans, the Interest Period(s) of such Loans. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Revolving Lender of its receipt of each such notice, and of the amount of such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such prepayment. If such notice is given by the Lead Borrower, the The Borrowers shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. Any prepayment of any Loan shall be accompanied by all accrued interest on the amount prepaid, together with, in the case of any SOFR Loan, any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05 . Subject to Section 2.17 , each such prepayment shall be applied to the Revolving Loans of the Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages of the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 11238955v2 
 66 
 11238955v21 

(ii) Except as otherwise expressly permitted herein, FILO Loans may not be prepaid in whole or in part prior to the last day of the FILO Draw Period in which such FILO Loans were advanced. 
 (b) Voluntary Prepayments of Swing Line Loans . The Borrowers may, upon notice to the Swing Line Lender pursuant to delivery to the Swingline Swing Line Lender of a Notice of Loan Prepayment prepayment notice in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Swing Line Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), at any time or from time to time, voluntarily prepay Swing Line Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty provided , that (i) such notice must be received by the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent not later than 1 00 p.m. on the date of the prepayment, and (ii) any such prepayment shall be in a minimum principal amount of 100,000. Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment. If such notice is given by the Lead Borrower, the Borrowers shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. 
 (c) Mandatory Prepayments for Excess Loan Amounts and Excess Cash . 
 (i) If for any reason the Total Outstandings under the Revolving Credit Facility at any time exceed the Loan Cap (such excess shall at all times constitute part of the Secured Obligations), the Borrowers shall immediately prepay Revolving Loans, Swing Line Loans and LC Borrowings and or Cash Collateralize the LC Obligations (other than LC Borrowings) in an aggregate amount equal to such excess provided , however , that the Borrowers shall not be required to Cash Collateralize the LC Obligations pursuant to this Section 2.05(c) unless after the prepayment in full of the Loans the Total Outstandings under the Revolving Credit Facility exceed the Loan Cap. 
 (ii) If for any reason the Total Outstandings under the FILO Facility at any time exceed the Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments (such excess shall at all times constitute part of the Secured Obligations), the Borrowers immediately shall prepay FILO Loans in an aggregate amount equal to such excess. 
 (iii) If , on any day that a FILO Loan is outstanding, the the Borrowers have Excess Cash, then the Borrower immediately shall prepay the outstanding Revolving Loans, Swing Line Loans and LC Borrowings and or Cash Collateralize the LC Obligations (other than LC Borrowings) in an aggregate amount equal to the amount of such Excess Cash and, to the extent such Excess Cash is in an amount greater than the total outstanding principal amount of such Credit Extensions, the Borrower shall be permitted to retain any remaining cash in an Ordinary Blocked Account and used for any purpose not otherwise prohibited by this Agreement (the Excess Cash Prepayment ). 
 (d) Cash Dominion . During Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 2.05(e) but subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, during a Cash Dominion Trigger Period, the Borrowers shall prepay the Loans in accordance with the provisions of Section 6.13 and, if an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, Cash Collateralize the LC Obligations in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.16 . 
 (e) Dispositions and Qualifying Refinancing Transactions . 
 (i) If after any Disposition of any Inventory or Accounts (other than Dispositions thereof in the ordinary course of business), the Total Outstandings under the Revolving Credit Facility would exceed the Loan Cap (determined after giving pro forma effect to such Disposition), promptly upon receipt of Net Proceeds of such Disposition the Borrowers shall (i) apply such Net Proceeds to prepay Revolving Loans, Swing Line Loans, and LC Borrowings and (ii) if, after giving effect to such prepayment of Revolving Loans, Swing Line Loans, and LC Borrowings such Total Outstandings continue to exceed the Loan Cap, Cash Collateralize the LC Obligations (other than LC Borrowings) in an aggregate amount equal to such excess. The application of such amount to the prepayment of Loans and Cash 
 11238955v2 
 67 
 11238955v21 

Collateralization of the LC Obligations in accordance with this Section 2.05(e) shall not reduce the Revolving Credit Commitments. 
 (ii) (If at any time that any FILO Loan is outstanding any Loan Party consummates a Qualifying Disposition, the Borrowers immediately shall prepay FILO Loans in an aggregate amount equal to the lesser of (x) the Total Outstandings under the FILO Facility and (y) the amount of the Net Proceeds of such Qualifying Disposition provided , that any excess of any such Net Proceeds after repayment in full of any FILO Loans may be applied first , to prepayment of outstanding Subordinated Term Loan Obligations if and to the extent permitted under the Intercreditor Agreement and second, any excess Net Proceeds of such Qualifying Disposition remaining after payment in full of such outstanding Subordinated Term Loan Obligations in accordance with the foregoing clause first shall be applied to prepay Revolving Loans, Swing Line Loans, and LC Borrowings and (ii) if, after giving effect to such prepayment of Revolving Loans, Swing Line Loans, and LC Borrowings such Total Outstandings continue to exceed the Loan Cap, Cash Collateralize the LC Obligations (other than LC Borrowings) in an aggregate amount equal to such excess Subject to Section 2.05(d) above, upon the occurrence of any Specified Event, all Net Proceeds shall be immediately applied as provided in the Intercreditor Agreement . The application of such amount to the prepayment of Loans and Cash Collateralization of the LC Obligations in accordance with this Section 2.05(e) shall not reduce the Revolving Credit Commitments. 
 (iii) If Subject to Section 2.05(d) above, if any Loan Party consummates a Qualifying Refinancing Transaction, the Borrowers immediately shall (x) prepay all outstanding FILO Loans if (any) and (y) prepay the outstanding Subordinated Term Loan Obligations if and to the extent permitted under the Intercreditor Agreement provided , that any excess of any such Net Proceeds after repayment in full of all outstanding FILO Loans (if any) and all of the outstanding Subordinated Term Loan Obligations shall be applied to prepay Revolving Loans, Swing Line Loans, and LC Borrowings and if, after giving effect to such prepayment of Revolving Loans, Swing Line Loans, and LC Borrowings such Total Outstandings continue to exceed the Loan Cap, Cash Collateralize the LC Obligations (other than LC Borrowings) in an aggregate amount equal to such excess. The application of such amount to the prepayment of Loans and Cash Collateralization of the LC Obligations in accordance with this Section 2.05(e) shall not reduce the Revolving Credit Commitments. 
 (f) Application of Prepayments . Prepayments of the Revolving Credit Facility made pursuant to this Section 2.05 (other than clauses (i) and (ii) of Section 2.05(c) and with respect to FILO Loans under Section 2.05(e) ), first , shall be applied to any outstanding Protective Advances, second, shall be applied ratably to the LC Borrowings and the Swing Line Loans , second , shall be applied ratably to the outstanding Revolving Loans that are Base Rate Loans , third , shall be applied ratably to the outstanding Revolving Loans that are Base Rate Loans, fourth, shall be applied ratably to the outstanding Revolving Loans that are Term SOFR Loans, fourth fifth , if an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, shall be used to Cash Collateralize the remaining LC Obligations and fifth sixth , the amount remaining, if any, may be retained by the Borrowers for use in the ordinary course of their business. Upon the drawing of any Letter of Credit that has been Cash Collateralized, the funds held as Cash Collateral shall be applied (without any further action by or notice to or from the Borrowers or any other Loan Party) to reimburse the LC Issuer or the Lenders, as applicable. 
 (g) Permitted Senior Debt . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, unless otherwise agreed in writing by all of the FILO Lenders, if any of the Borrowers at any time after the First Amendment Effective Date incurs any Permitted Senior Debt, the proceeds of such Permitted Senior Debt shall be applied to prepay FILO Loans in an aggregate amount equal to the lesser of (i) the Net Proceeds of such Permitted Senior Debt and (ii) the Total Outstandings under the FILO Facility at such time. Prepayments of the FILO Facility made pursuant to this Section 2.05(g) , first , shall be applied ratably to the outstanding FILO Loans that are Base Rate Loans, second , shall be applied ratably to the outstanding FILO Loans that are Term SOFR Loans, and third , the amount remaining, if any, may be retained by the Borrowers for use in the ordinary course of their business. 
 11238955v2 
 68 
 11238955v21 

2.6 Termination or Reduction of Commitments . 
 (a) The Borrowers may, upon irrevocable notice from the Lead Borrower to the Administrative Agent, terminate the Aggregate Commitments, the Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments, the Letter of Credit Sublimit or the Swing Line Sublimit or from time to time permanently reduce the Aggregate Commitments, the Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments, the Letter of Credit Sublimit or the Swing Line Sublimit provided , that (i) any such notice shall be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11 00 a.m. three (3) Business Days prior to the date of termination or reduction, (ii) any such partial reduction shall be in an aggregate amount of 5,000,000 or any whole multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof, (iii) the Borrowers shall not terminate or reduce (A) the Aggregate Commitments if, after giving effect thereto and to any concurrent prepayments hereunder, the Total Outstandings under the Revolving Credit Facility would exceed the Aggregate Commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility, (B) the Letter of Credit Sublimit if, after giving effect thereto, the Outstanding Amount of LC Obligations not fully Cash Collateralized hereunder would exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit, (C) the Swing Line Sublimit if, after giving effect thereto, and to any concurrent payments hereunder, the Outstanding Amount of Swing Line Loans hereunder would exceed the Swing Line Sublimit or (D) the Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments if (x) after giving effect thereto and any concurrent prepayments hereunder the Total Outstandings under the FILO Facility would exceed the Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments or (y) a FILO Draw Period is then in effect, provided, that notwithstanding the foregoing, the Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments may be terminated at any time in connection with the termination of all of the Commitments under this Agreement. 
 (b) If, after giving effect to any reduction of the Aggregate Commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility, the Letter of Credit Sublimit or the Swing Line Sublimit exceeds the amount of the Aggregate Commitments, such Letter of Credit Sublimit or Swing Line Sublimit shall be automatically reduced by the amount of such excess. 
 (c) The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Lenders of any termination or reduction of the Letter of Credit Sublimit, Swing Line Sublimit, the Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments or the Aggregate Commitments under this Section 2.06 . Upon any reduction of the Aggregate Commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility, the Revolving Credit Commitment of each Revolving Lender shall be reduced by such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such reduction amount. Upon any reduction of the Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments, the FILO Facility Commitments of each FILO Lender shall be reduced by such FILO Lender s Applicable Percentage of such reduction amount. All fees (including, without limitation, commitment fees and Letter of Credit Fees) and interest in respect of the Aggregate Commitments or Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments accrued until the effective date of any termination of the Aggregate Commitments or Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments shall be paid on the effective date of such termination. 
 2.7 Repayment of Loans . 
 (a) FILO Loans . On each FILO Facility Payment Date, the Borrowers shall cause all FILO Loans to be repaid in full in accordance with Section 2.18 . 
 (b) Generally . On the Termination Date, the Borrowers shall cause all Secured Obligations to be Fully Satisfied. 
 2.8 Interest . 
 (a) Subject to the provisions of Section 2.08(b) below, (i) each Term SOFR Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Margin (ii) each Base Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin and (iii) each Swing Line Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin. 
 11238955v2 
 69 
 11238955v21 

(b) 
 (i) If any amount payable by the Loan Parties under any Loan Document is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. 
 (ii) Upon the request of the Required Lenders, while any Event of Default exists (other than as set forth in clause (b)(i) ), the Borrower shall pay interest on the principal amount of all outstanding Obligations hereunder at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. 
 (iii) Accrued and unpaid interest on past due amounts (including interest on past due interest) shall be due and payable upon demand. 
 (c) Interest Except as provided in Section 2.08(b)(iii), interest on each Loan shall be due and payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto and at such other times as may be specified herein. Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law. 
 2.9 Fees . In addition to certain fees described in subsections (i) and (j) of Section 2.03 
 (a) Revolving Credit Facility Commitment Fee . The Borrowers shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Lender, in accordance with its Applicable Percentage of the Revolving Credit Facility, a commitment fee , (the Revolving Commitment Fee ), payable quarterly in arrears on the first calendar day of each January, April, July and October, commencing with the first such date to occur after the Closing Date, and on the last day of the Availability Period equal to the Applicable Commitment Fee Percentage times the average daily amount by which the Aggregate Commitments exceeded the Average Usage, in each case calculated on a per annum basis for the actual number of days elapsed in the applicable calendar quarter ending on the day immediately preceding the related payment date (or, if applicable, the actual number of days in the applicable calendar quarter to and including last day of the Availability Period), and subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2.17 . The commitment fees Revolving Commitment Fee shall accrue at all times during the Availability Period, including at any time during which one or more of the conditions in Article IV is not met. For the avoidance of doubt, the Outstanding Amount of Swing Line Loans shall not be counted towards Average Usage for purposes of determining the commitment fee Revolving Commitment Fee . 
 (b) FILO Facility Commitment Fee . So long as the Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments are greater than 0, the Borrowers shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each FILO Lender, in accordance with its Applicable Percentage of the FILO Facility, a commitment fee, payable quarterly in arrears on the first calendar day of each January, April, July and October, commencing with the first such date to occur after the First Amendment Effective Date, and on the Maturity Date, equal to the Applicable Commitment Fee Percentage times the Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments during such applicable period, in each case calculated on a per annum basis for the actual number of days elapsed in the applicable period ending on the day immediately preceding the related payment date (or, if applicable, the actual number of days in the applicable calendar quarter to but excluding the Maturity Date), excluding each day that occurs during a FILO Draw Period if and to the extent that FILO Loans are outstanding on such day during such FILO Draw Period and subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2.17 . Such commitment fees shall accrue at all times during the applicable periods specified above. 
 (c) Other Fees . The Borrowers shall pay to the Arrangers and the Administrative Agent for their own respective accounts fees in the amounts and at the times specified in the Fee Letters. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever. 
 11238955v2 
 70 
 11238955v21 

2.10 Computation of Interest and Fees . All computations of interest for Base Rate Loans when the Base Rate is determined by Bank of America s prime rate shall be made on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed. All other computations of fees and interest shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed (which results in more fees or interest, as applicable, being paid than if computed on the basis of a 365-day year). Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which the Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid, provided , that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to Section 2.12(a) , bear interest for one day. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 
 2.11 Evidence of Debt . 
 (a) The Credit Extensions made by each Lender shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records maintained by the Administrative Agent (the Loan Account in the ordinary course of business. In addition, each Lender may record in such Lender s internal records, an appropriate notation evidencing the date and amount of each Loan from such Lender, each payment and prepayment of principal of any such Loan, and each payment of interest, fees and other amounts due in connection with the Obligations due to such Lender. The accounts or records maintained by the Administrative Agent and each Lender shall be conclusive absent manifest error of the amount of the Credit Extensions made by the Lenders to the Borrowers and the interest and payments thereon. Any failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrowers hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the Obligations. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. Upon the request of any Lender made through the Administrative Agent, the Borrowers shall execute and deliver to such Lender (through the Administrative Agent) a Note, which shall evidence such Lender s Loans in addition to such accounts or records. Each Lender may attach schedules to its Note and endorse thereon the date, Type (if applicable), amount and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto. Any failure to so attach or endorse, or any error in doing so, shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrowers hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the Obligations. Upon receipt of an affidavit of a Lender as to the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of such Lender s Note with appropriate indemnification provisions in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Borrowers and upon cancellation of such Note, the Borrowers will issue, in lieu thereof, a replacement Note in favor of such Lender, in the same principal amount thereof and otherwise of like tenor. 
 (b) In addition to the accounts and records referred to in Section 2.11(a) , each Lender and the Administrative Agent shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice accounts or records evidencing the purchases and sales by such Lender of participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by the Administrative Agent and the accounts and records of any Lender in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. 
 2.12 Payments Generally Administrative Agent s Clawback . 
 (a) General . All payments to be made by the Borrowers shall be made without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrowers hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the Administrative Agent s Office in Dollars and in immediately available funds not later than 2 00 p.m. on the date specified herein. The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Applicable Percentage of the applicable Facility (or other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lender s Lending Office. All payments received by the Administrative Agent after 2 00 p.m. shall, at the option of the Administrative Agent, be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue. If any payment to be made by the Borrowers shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall 
 11238955v2 
 71 
 11238955v21 

be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be. 
 (b) Funding by Lenders Presumption by Administrative Agent . 
 (i) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing of Term SOFR Loans (or in the case of any Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, prior to 12 00 noon on the date of such Borrowing) that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with Section 2.02 (or in the case of a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, that such Lender has made such share available in accordance with and at the time required by Section 2.02 and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrowers a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Committed Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrowers severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount in immediately available funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrowers to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (A) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation plus any administrative processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Administrative Agent in connection with the foregoing, and (B) in the case of a payment to be made by the Borrowers, the interest rate applicable to Base Rate Loans. If the Borrowers and such Lender shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the Borrowers the amount of such interest paid by the Borrowers for such period. If such Lender pays its share of the applicable Committed Borrowing to the Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender s Committed Loan included in such Committed Borrowing. Any payment by the Borrowers shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrowers may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent. 
 (i) Payments by Borrowers Presumptions by Administrative Agent . Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Lead Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable Lenders or the LC Issuer hereunder that the Borrowers will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrowers have made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the applicable Lenders or the LC Issuer, as the case may be, the amount due. With Respect to any payment that the Administrative Agent makes for the account of the applicable Lenders or the LC Issuer hereunder as to which the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that any of the following applies (such payment referred to as the Rescindable Amount (1) the Borrowers have not in fact made such payment (2) the Administrative Agent has made a payment in excess of the amount so paid by the Borrowers (whether or not then owed) or (3) the Administrative agent has for any reason otherwise erroneously made such payment then each of the applicable Lenders or the LC Issuer, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount so distributed to such applicable Lender or the LC Issuer, in immediately available funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 
 A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or the Lead Borrower with respect to any amount owing under this subsection (b) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 (c) Failure to Satisfy Conditions Precedent . If any Lender makes available to the Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender as provided in the foregoing 
 11238955v2 
 72 
 11238955v21 

provisions of this Article II , and such funds are not made available to the Borrowers by the Administrative Agent because the conditions to the applicable Credit Extension set forth in Article IV are not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms hereof (subject to the provisions of the last paragraph of Section 4.02 hereof), the Administrative Agent promptly shall return such funds (in like funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest. 
 (d) Obligations of Lenders Several . The obligations of the Revolving Lenders hereunder to make Revolving Loans and to fund participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans are several and not joint. The obligation of the FILO Lenders hereunder to make FILO Loans are several and not joint. The obligations of the Lenders hereunder to make payments pursuant to Section 10.04(c) and Section 9.14 are several and not joint. The failure of any Lender to make any Committed Loan, to fund any such participation or to make any payment under Section 10.04(c) or Section 9.14 on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Committed Loan, to purchase its participation or to make its payment under Section 10.04(c) or Section 9.14 . 
 (e) Funding Source . Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner. 
 (f) Insufficient Funds. If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, Unreimbursed Amounts, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first, toward payment of interest and fees then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and fees then due to such parties, and (ii) second, toward payment of principal and Unreimbursed Amounts then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal and Unreimbursed Amounts then due to such parties. 
 2.13 Sharing of Payments by Lenders . If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of, interest on, or other amounts with respect to, any of the Obligations resulting in such Lender s receiving payment of a proportion of the aggregate amount of such Obligations greater than its Pro Rata share thereof as provided herein (including in contravention of the priorities of payment set forth in Section 2.05(f) or Section 8.03 , as applicable), then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall (a) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Obligations of the other Lenders, or make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably and in the priorities set forth in Section 2.05(f) or Section 8.03 , as applicable, provided , that 
 (i) if any such participations or subparticipations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations or subparticipations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest and 
 (ii) the provisions of this Section 2.13 shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment made by the Loan Parties pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender and repayment of FILO Loans on each FILO Payment Date), (y) the application of Cash Collateral provided for in Section 2.16 or (z) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Committed Loans or subparticipations in LC Obligations or Swing Line Loans to any assignee or participant, other than to the Borrowers or any Subsidiary thereof (as to which the provisions of this Section 2.13 shall apply). 
 Each Loan Party consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable Law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against such Loan Party rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of such Loan Party in the amount of such participation. 
 11238955v2 
 73 
 11238955v21 

2.14 Settlement Among Lenders . 
 (a) The amount of each Revolving Lender s Applicable Percentage of outstanding Revolving Loans (including outstanding Swing Line Loans), shall be computed weekly (or more frequently in the Administrative Agent s reasonable discretion) and shall be adjusted upward or downward based on all Revolving Loans (including Swing Line Loans) and repayments of Loans (including Swing Line Loans) received by the Administrative Agent as of 3 00 p.m. on the first Business Day (such date, the Revolving Settlement Date following the end of the period specified by the Administrative Agent. To the extent required under Section 2.14(c) , the amount of each FILO Lender s Applicable Percentage of outstanding FILO Loans, shall be computed on the first and last day of each FILO Draw Period and on the date of any termination or reduction of the Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments (or more frequently in the Administrative Agent s reasonable discretion) and shall be adjusted upward or downward based on all FILO Loans and repayments of FILO Loans received by the Administrative Agent as of 3 00 p.m. on the first Business Day (such date, the FILO Settlement Date following the end of the period specified by the Administrative Agent. 
 (b) The Administrative Agent shall deliver to each of the Revolving Lenders promptly after a Revolving Settlement Date a summary statement of the amount of outstanding Committed Loans under the Revolving Credit Facility for the period and the amount of repayments received for the period. As reflected on the summary statement, (i) the Administrative Agent shall transfer to each Revolving Lender its Applicable Percentage of repayments, and (ii) each Revolving Lender shall transfer to the Administrative Agent (as provided below) or the Administrative Agent shall transfer to each Revolving Lender, such amounts as are necessary to insure that, after giving effect to all such transfers, the amount of Committed Loans made by each Revolving Lender under the Revolving Credit Facility shall be equal to such Lender s Applicable Percentage of all Committed Loans under the Revolving Credit Facility outstanding as of such Revolving Settlement Date. If the summary statement requires transfers to be made to the Administrative Agent by the Revolving Lenders and is received prior to 1 00 p.m. on a Business Day, such transfers shall be made in immediately available funds no later than 3 00 p.m. that day and, if received after 1 00 p.m., then no later than 3 00 p.m. on the next Business Day. The obligation of each Revolving Lender to transfer such funds is irrevocable, unconditional and without recourse to or warranty by the Administrative Agent. If and to the extent any Revolving Lender shall not have so made its transfer to the Administrative Agent, such Lender agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, forthwith on demand such amount, together with interest thereon, for each day from such date until the date such amount is paid to the Administrative Agent, equal to the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation plus any administrative, processing, or similar fees customarily charged by the Administrative Agent in connection with the foregoing. 
 (c) The Administrative Agent shall deliver to each of the FILO Lenders promptly after a FILO Settlement Date on which any FILO Loans remain outstanding a summary statement of the amount of outstanding Committed Loans under the FILO Facility for the period and the amount of repayments received for the period. As reflected on the summary statement, (i) the Administrative Agent shall transfer to each FILO Lender its Applicable Percentage of repayments, and (ii) each FILO Lender shall transfer to the Administrative Agent (as provided below) or the Administrative Agent shall transfer to each FILO Lender, such amounts as are necessary to insure that, after giving effect to all such transfers, the amount of Committed Loans made by each FILO Lender under the FILO Facility shall be equal to such Lender s Applicable Percentage of all Committed Loans under the FILO Facility outstanding as of such FILO Settlement Date. If the summary statement requires transfers to be made to the Administrative Agent by the FILO Lenders and is received prior to 1 00 p.m. on a Business Day, such transfers shall be made in immediately available funds no later than 3 00 p.m. that day and, if received after 1 00 p.m., then no later than 3 00 p.m. on the next Business Day. The obligation of each FILO Lender to transfer such funds is irrevocable, unconditional and without recourse to or warranty by the Administrative Agent. If and to the extent any FILO Lender shall not have so made its transfer to the Administrative Agent, such Lender agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, forthwith on demand such amount, together with interest thereon, for each day from such date until the date such amount is paid to the Administrative Agent, equal to the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation plus any administrative, processing, or similar fees customarily charged by the Administrative Agent in connection with the foregoing. 
 11238955v2 
 74 
 11238955v21 

2.15 Increase in Revolving Credit Facility Commitments . 
 (a) Request for Increase . Provided no Event of Default then exists and no Default would arise therefrom, at any time and from time to time after the Second Amendment Effective Date, upon notice to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly notify the Revolving Lenders), the Lead Borrower may request an increase in the Aggregate Commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility by an amount (for all such requests) not exceeding 100,000,000 in the aggregate provided , that (i) any such request for an increase shall be in a minimum amount of 25,000,000, and (ii) the Lead Borrower may make a maximum of four (4) such requests. At the time of sending such notice, the Lead Borrower (in consultation with the Administrative Agent) shall specify the time period within which each Revolving Lender is requested to respond (which shall in no event be less than ten Business Days from the date of delivery of such notice to the Revolving Lenders). 
 (b) Revolving Lender Elections to Increase . Each Revolving Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent within such time period set forth in (a) above whether or not it agrees to increase its Revolving Credit Commitment and, if so (each an Increased Commitment Lender ), whether by an amount equal to, greater than, or less than its Applicable Percentage of such requested increase. Any Revolving Lender not responding within such time period shall be deemed to have declined to increase its Revolving Credit Commitment. No Revolving Lender shall be obligated to agree to increase its Revolving Credit Commitment under this Section 2.15 . 
 (c) Notification by Administrative Agent Additional Lenders . The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lead Borrower and each Lender of the Revolving Lenders responses to each request made in this Section 2.15 . To achieve the full amount of a requested increase and subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent, the LC Issuer and the Swing Line Lender (which approvals shall not be unreasonably withheld), to the extent that any existing Revolving Lender declines to increase its Revolving Credit Commitments, or declines to increase its Revolving Credit Commitments to the amount requested by the Lead Borrower, the Administrative Agent or its Affiliates, in consultation with the Lead Borrower, will use its reasonable efforts to arrange for other Eligible Assignees to become a Revolving Lender hereunder and to issue commitments in an amount equal to the amount of the increase in the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments requested by the Lead Borrower and not accepted by the existing Revolving Lenders (and the Lead Borrower may also invite additional Eligible Assignees to become Lenders) (each such Eligible Assignee issuing a commitment and becoming a Lender, an Additional Commitment Lender ), provided , however , that without the consent of the Administrative Agent, at no time shall the Revolving Credit Commitment of any Additional Commitment Lender be less than 10,000,000. 
 (d) Effective Date and Allocations . If the Aggregate Commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility are increased in accordance with this Section 2.15 , the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower shall determine the effective date (the Increase Effective Date of such increase (such increase, a Commitment Increase ). The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Lead Borrower and the Lenders of the final allocation of such Commitment Increase and the Increase Effective Date and on the Effective Date (i) the Aggregate Commitments with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility under, and for all purposes of, this Agreement shall be increased by the aggregate amount of such Commitment Increases, and (ii) Schedule 2.01 shall be deemed modified, without further action, to reflect the revised Revolving Credit Commitments and Applicable Percentages of the Revolving Lenders. 
 (e) Conditions to Effectiveness of Increase . As a condition precedent to such increase, (i) the Lead Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate of each Loan Party dated as of the Increase Effective Date (in sufficient copies for each Lender) signed by a Responsible Officer of such Loan Party (A) certifying and attaching the resolutions, if necessary, adopted by such Loan Party approving or consenting to such Commitment Increase, and (B) in the case of the Borrowers, certifying that, before and after giving effect to such Commitment Increase, (1) the representations and warranties contained in Article V and the other Loan Documents are true and correct on and as of the Increase Effective Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct as of such earlier date, and except that for purposes of this Section 2.15 , the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b), 
 11238955v2 
 75 
 11238955v21 

respectively, of Section 6.01 , (ii) the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, and any Additional Commitment Lender shall have executed and delivered a joinder to the Loan Documents in such form as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably require (iii) the Borrowers shall have paid such fees and other compensation to the Additional Commitment Lenders and the Increased Commitment Lenders as the Administrative Agent, the Lead Borrower, such Additional Commitment Lenders and such Increased Commitment Lenders shall agree (iv) the Borrowers shall have paid such arrangement fees to the Administrative Agent (or one or more of its Affiliates, as applicable) as the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent or such Affiliate may agree (v) the Borrowers shall deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders an opinion or opinions, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, from counsel to the Borrowers reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and dated such date with respect to the Loan Documents and the other documents, agreements and instruments then executed and the transactions contemplated thereby (vi) the Borrowers and the Additional Commitment Lender shall have delivered such other instruments, documents and agreements as the Administrative Agent may reasonably have requested (vii) no Default exists and (viii) (x) upon the reasonable request of any Additional Commitment Lender made at least five (5) days prior to the Increase Effective Date, the Lead Borrower shall have provided to such Additional Commitment Lender, and such Additional Commitment Lender shall be reasonably satisfied with, the documentation and other information so requested in connection with applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act, and (y) at least five (5) days prior to the Increase Effective Date, any Loan Party that qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation shall have delivered, to each Additional Commitment Lender that so requests, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to such Loan Party. The Borrowers shall prepay any Committed Loans under the Revolving Credit Facility outstanding on the Increase Effective Date (and pay any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05 to the extent necessary to keep the outstanding Committed Loans under the Revolving Credit Facility ratable with any revised Applicable Percentages arising from any nonratable increase in the Revolving Credit Commitments under this Section 2.15 . 
 (f) Terms of Commitment Increase . Any Commitment Increase contemplated by the provisions of this Section 2.15 shall, except as provided in Section 2.15(e)(iii) and (e)(iv) , bear interest and be entitled to fees and other compensation on the same basis as all other Revolving Credit Commitments. 
 (g) Conflicting Provisions . This Section 2.15 shall supersede any provisions in Section 2.13 or Section 10.01 to the contrary. 
 2.16 Cash Collateral . 
 (a) Certain Credit Support Events . If (i) the LC Issuer has honored any full or partial drawing request under any Letter of Credit and such drawing has resulted in an LC Borrowing, (ii) as of the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, any LC Obligation for any reason remains outstanding, (iii) the Borrower shall be required to provide Cash Collateral pursuant to Section 8.02( c a)(iii , or (iv) there shall exist a Defaulting Lender that is a Revolving Lender, the Borrowers shall immediately (in the case of clause (iii) above) or within one Business Day (in all other cases) following any request by the Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent or the LC Issuer, provide Cash Collateral in an amount not less than the applicable Minimum Collateral Amount (determined in the case of Cash Collateral provided pursuant to clause (iv) above, after giving effect to Section 2.17(b) and any Cash Collateral provided by the Defaulting Lender). 
 (b) Grant of Security Interest . The Borrowers, and to the extent provided by any Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender, hereby grants to (and subjects to the control of) the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the LC Issuer and the Lenders, and agrees to maintain, a first priority security interest in all such cash, deposit accounts and all balances therein, and all other property so provided as collateral pursuant hereto, and in all proceeds of the foregoing, all as security for the obligations to which such Cash Collateral may be applied pursuant to Section 2.16(c) . If at any time the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent determines that Cash Collateral is subject to any right or claim of any Person other than the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or the LC Issuer as herein provided, or that the total amount of such Cash Collateral is less than the Minimum Collateral Amount, 
 11238955v2 
 76 
 11238955v21 

the Borrowers will, promptly upon demand by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, pay or provide to the Collateral Agent additional Cash Collateral in an amount sufficient to eliminate such deficiency. All Cash Collateral (other than credit support not constituting funds subject to deposit) shall be maintained in blocked, non-interest bearing deposit accounts at Bank of America except that, other than during the continuance of an Event of Default, Permitted Investments of the type listed in Section 7.02(b) may be made at the request of the Lead Borrower at the option and in the reasonable discretion of the Collateral Agent (and at the Borrowers risk and expense) and interest or profits, if any, on such investments shall accumulate in such account. The Borrower shall pay on demand therefor from time to time all customary account opening, activity and other administrative fees and charges in connection with the maintenance and disbursement of Cash Collateral. 
 (c) Application . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Cash Collateral provided under any of this Section 2.16 or Section 2.03 , Section 2.05 , Section 2.17 or Section 8.02 in respect of Letters of Credit shall be held and applied to the satisfaction of the specific LC Obligations, obligations to fund participations therein (including, as to Cash Collateral provided by a Defaulting Lender, any interest accrued on such obligation) and other obligations for which the Cash Collateral was so provided, prior to any other application of such property as may otherwise be provided for herein. 
 (d) Release . Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce Fronting Exposure or to secure other obligations shall be released promptly following (i) the elimination of the applicable Fronting Exposure or other obligations giving rise thereto (including by the termination of Defaulting Lender status of the applicable Lender (or, as appropriate, its assignee following compliance with Section 10.06(b)(vi) )) or (ii) the determination by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the LC Issuer that there exists excess Cash Collateral provided , however, (x) any such release shall be without prejudice to, and any disbursement or other transfer of Cash Collateral shall be and remain subject to, any other Lien conferred under the Loan Documents and the other applicable provisions of the Loan Documents, and (y) the Person providing Cash Collateral and the LC Issuer may agree that Cash Collateral shall not be released but instead held to support future anticipated Fronting Exposure or other obligations. 
 2.17 Defaulting Lenders . 
 (a) Adjustments . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable Law 
 (i) Waivers and Amendments . Such Defaulting Lender s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definition of Required Lenders , Super-Majority Required Lenders , and Section 10.01 . 
 (ii) Defaulting Lender Waterfall . Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article VIII or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 10.08 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows first , to the pro rata payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Agents hereunder second , if such Defaulting Lender is a Revolving Lender, to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the LC Issuer or Swing Line Lender hereunder third , if such Defaulting Lender is a Revolving Lender, to Cash Collateralize the LC Issuer s Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with Section 2.16 fourth , as the Lead Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Revolving Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent fifth , as the Lead Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), the funding of any FILO Loan in respect which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by the Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent sixth , if so 
 11238955v2 
 77 
 11238955v21 

determined by the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order (x) to satisfy such Defaulting Lender s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement and (y) if such Defaulting Lender is a Revolving Lender, to Cash Collateralize the LC Issuer s future Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with Section 2.16 seventh , to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders, the LC Issuer or Swing Line Lender as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, the LC Issuer or the Swing Line Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement eighth , so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrowers as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrowers against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement and last , to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction provided, that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or LC Borrowings in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Loans were made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and LC Obligations owed to, all Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or LC Obligations owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in LC Obligations and Swing Line Loans are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments hereunder without giving effect to Section 2.17(b) . Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 2.17(a)(ii) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 
 (iii) Certain Fees . 
 (A) No Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive any fee payable under Section 2.09(a) or Section 2.09(b) for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Borrowers shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender). 
 (B) Each Defaulting Lender that is a Revolving Lender shall be entitled to receive Letter of Credit Fees for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender only to the extent allocable to its Applicable Percentage of the Stated Amount of Letters of Credit for which it has provided Cash Collateral pursuant to Section 2.16 . 
 (C) With respect to any Letter of Credit Fee not required to be paid to any Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (A) or (B) above, the Borrowers shall (x) pay to each Non-Defaulting Lender that portion of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender with respect to such Defaulting Lender s participation in LC Obligations or Swing Line Loans that has been reallocated to such Non-Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.17(b) below, (y) pay to the LC Issuer and Swing Line Lender, as applicable, the amount of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender to the extent allocable to such LC Issuer s or Swing Line Lender s Fronting Exposure to such Defaulting Lender, and (z) not be required to pay the remaining amount of any such fee. 
 (b) Reallocation of Applicable Percentages to Reduce Fronting Exposure . All or any part of such Defaulting Lender s participation in LC Obligations and Swing Line Loans shall be reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages (calculated without regard to such Defaulting Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment) but only to the extent that such reallocation does not cause the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Revolving Loans and participation in LC Obligations and Swing Line Loan of any Non-Defaulting Lender to exceed such Non-Defaulting Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment. Subject 
 11238955v2 
 78 
 11238955v21 

to Section 11.13 10.13 hereof, no reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lender s increased exposure following such reallocation. 
 (c) Cash Collateral, Repayment of Swing Line Loans . If the reallocation described in clause (b) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrowers shall, without prejudice to any right or remedy available to it hereunder or under applicable Law, (x) first, prepay Swing Line Loans in an amount equal to the Swing Line Lenders Fronting Exposure and (y) second, Cash Collateralize the LC Issuers Fronting Exposure in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.16 . 
 (d) Defaulting Lender Cure . If the Lead Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Swing Line Lender and the LC Issuer agree in writing that a Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect to any Cash Collateral), that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Committed Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans to be held on a pro rata basis by the Lenders in accordance with their Applicable Percentages (without giving effect to Section 2.17(b )), whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender provided , that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrowers while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender and provided , further , that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. 
 2.18 FILO Facility . 
 (a) FILO Loans . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each FILO Lender severally agrees to make loans (each such loan, a FILO Loan to the Borrowers from time to time, on the first day of each FILO Draw Period or, if the conditions precedent to the making of any FILO Loan have not been satisfied or waived in accordance with Section 2.18(c) (the FILO Borrowing Conditions as of such date, on the first Business Day during such FILO Draw Period that the FILO Borrowing Conditions have been satisfied or waived in accordance herewith, in an aggregate outstanding amount equal to the Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments as of such date provided, that in no event shall the principal amount of the FILO Loans of any FILO Lender exceed its FILO Facility Commitment. 
 (b) Borrowings and Repayment . Borrowers shall borrow 100 of the Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments on each date specified in Section 2.18(a) and, except as otherwise required under Section 2.05(c) , shall not prepay or repay FILO Loans until the next applicable FILO Facility Payment Date. On each FILO Facility Payment Date, the Borrowers shall repay in full in cash all outstanding FILO Loans. No FILO Loans may be borrowed or remain outstanding on any day that does not occur during a FILO Draw Period. FILO Loans may be Base Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans, as further provided herein. 
 (c) FILO Borrowing Conditions . As a condition precedent to each Committed Borrowing of a FILO Loan, (i) all conditions specified in Section 4.02 shall have been satisfied, (ii) no Overadvance shall be outstanding, (iii) as of the date of the Committed Borrowing of such FILO Loan, no Cash Dominion Trigger Period shall be in effect, (iv) during the most recent period from September 1 through November 15 preceding the date of such proposed Committed Borrowing, the outstanding amount of Revolving Loans shall not have exceeded 200,000,000 on any day for at least thirty (30) consecutive days during such period and (v) Consolidated EBITDA minus Restricted Payments shall have equaled at least the Applicable FILO Availability Threshold for the Measurement Period ended on the last day of the calendar month that most recently ended at least sixty (60) days prior to the first day of the applicable FILO Draw Period. 
 (d) FILO Borrowing Requests . Each Committed Borrowing of FILO Loans shall be made upon the Lead Borrower s irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent given by Committed 
 11238955v2 
 79 
 11238955v21 

Loan Notice, which shall be delivered at least three (3) Business Days and not more than ten (10) Business Days prior to the first day of each applicable FILO Draw Period provided , that if the Lead Borrower fails to deliver such a Committed Loan Notice at least three (3) Business Days prior to the commencement of any applicable FILO Draw Period, it automatically shall be deemed to have delivered such a Committed Loan Notice two (2) Business Days prior to such date requesting that all FILO Loans available be advanced as Base Rate Loans on the first Business Day of such FILO Draw Period. Each such Committed Loan Notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 1 00 p.m. three (3) Business Days prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of Term SOFR Loans. 
 (e) Automatic Reductions in Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, as of the first day of each period specified in the definition of the Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments, the aggregate amount thereof automatically and permanently shall be reduced to the amount so specified in such definition. In addition, unless all of the FILO Lenders otherwise agree in writing, if the Borrowers incur any Permitted Senior Debt in accordance herewith, the proceeds of such Permitted Senior Debt shall be used to prepay any outstanding FILO Loans at such time in accordance with Section 2.05(g) and the Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments automatically shall be permanently reduced dollar for dollar by the aggregate principal amount of such Permitted Senior Debt or, if such amount exceeds the amount of the Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments, the Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments shall be permanently reduced to zero, as the case may be, as of the later of (i) the date such Permitted Senior Debt is incurred and (ii) if a FILO Draw Period is then in effect, the last day of such FILO Draw Period. 
 (f) Use of Proceeds . The proceeds of each FILO Loan may be applied to any use permitted under Section 6.11 and, for the avoidance of doubt, may be used to prepay Credit Extensions under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 ARTICLE III TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY APPOINTMENT OF LEAD BORROWER 
 3.01 Taxes . 
 (a) Payments Free of Taxes Obligation to Withhold Payments on Account of Taxes . 
 (i) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable Laws. If any applicable Laws (as determined in the good faith discretion of the Administrative Agent) require the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by the Administrative Agent or a Loan Party, then the Administrative Agent or such Loan Party shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding, upon the basis of the information and documentation to be delivered pursuant to subsection (e) below. 
 (ii) If any Loan Party or the Administrative Agent shall be required by the Code to withhold or deduct any Taxes, including both United States Federal backup withholding and withholding taxes, from any payment, then (A) such Loan Party or the Administrative Agent shall withhold or make such deductions as are determined by such Loan Party or the Administrative Agent to be required based upon the information and documentation it has received pursuant to subsection (e) below, (B) such Loan Party or the Administrative Agent shall timely pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with the Code, and (C) to the extent that the withholding or deduction is made on account of Indemnified Taxes, the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after any required withholding or the making of all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.01 the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholding or deduction been made. 
 11238955v2 
 80 
 11238955v21 

(iii) If any Loan Party or the Administrative Agent shall be required by any applicable Laws other than the Code to withhold or deduct any Taxes from any payment, then (A) such Loan Party or the Administrative Agent, as required by such Laws, shall withhold or make such deductions as are determined by it to be required based upon the information and documentation it has received pursuant to subsection (e) below, (B) such Loan Party or the Administrative Agent, to the extent required by such Laws, shall timely pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with such Laws, and (C) to the extent that the withholding or deduction is made on account of Indemnified Taxes, the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after any required withholding or the making of all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.01 the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholding or deduction been made. 
 (b) Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrowers . Without limiting the provisions of Section 3.01(a) , each Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. 
 (c) Tax Indemnifications . 
 (i) Each Loan Party shall, and does hereby, jointly and severally indemnify each Recipient, and shall make payment in respect thereof within 10 days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 3.01 payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient, and any penalties, interest and reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Lead Borrower by a Lender or the LC Issuer (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender or the LC Issuer, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Loan Party shall, and does hereby, jointly and severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, and shall make payment in respect thereof within 10 days after demand therefor, for any amount which a Lender or the LC Issuer for any reason fails to pay indefeasibly to the Administrative Agent as required pursuant to Section 3.01(c)(ii) below. 
 (ii) Each Lender and the LC Issuer shall, and does hereby, severally indemnify, and shall make payment in respect thereof within 10 days after demand therefor, x the Administrative Agent against any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender or the LC Issuer (but only to the extent that the Borrowers have not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrowers to do so), y the Administrative Agent and each Borrower, as applicable, against any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 10.06(d) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and z the Administrative Agent and each Borrower, as applicable, against any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender or the LC Issuer, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent or a Borrower in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender and the LC Issuer hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender or the LC Issuer, as the case may be, under this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this clause (ii) . 
 (d) Evidence of Payments . As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by any Borrower to a Governmental Authority as provided in this Section 3.01 , the Lead Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of any return required by Laws to report such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 11238955v2 
 81 
 11238955v21 

(e) Status of Lenders Tax Documentation . 
 (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Lead Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Lead Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Lead Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Lead Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Lead Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 3.01(e)(ii)(A) , (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 
 (ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that any Borrower is a U.S. Person, 
 (A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Lead Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax 
 (B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Lead Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable 
 (I) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty 
 (II) executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI 
 (III) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit N-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of any Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) or 
 11238955v2 
 82 
 11238955v21 

(IV) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable), a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit N-2 or Exhibit N-3 , IRS Form W-9, and or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable provided , that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit N-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner 
 (C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Lead Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Lead Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made and 
 (D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Lead Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Lead Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. For purposes of determining withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA, from and after the Closing Date, the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent shall treat (and the Lenders hereby authorize the Administrative Agent to treat) this Agreement as not qualifying as a grandfathered obligation within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.1471-2(b)(2)(i). 
 (f) Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered pursuant to this Section 3.01 expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 (g) Treatment of Certain Refunds . Unless required by applicable Laws, at no time shall the Administrative Agent have any obligation to file for or otherwise pursue on behalf of a Lender or the LC Issuer, or have any obligation to pay to any Lender or the LC Issuer, any refund of Taxes withheld or deducted from funds paid for the account of such Lender or the LC Issuer, as the case may be. If any Recipient determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by any Borrower or with respect to which any Borrower has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.01 , it shall pay to such Borrower an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by such Borrower under this Section 3.01 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) incurred by such Recipient, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund), provided, that the Borrowers, upon the request of the Recipient, agree to repay the amount paid over to the Borrowers (plus 
 11238955v2 
 83 
 11238955v21 

any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Recipient in the event the Recipient is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this subsection, in no event will the applicable Recipient be required to pay any amount to the Borrowers pursuant to this subsection the payment of which would place the Recipient in a less favorable net after-Tax position than such Recipient would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This subsection shall not be construed to require any Recipient to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating to its taxes that it deems confidential) to any Borrower or any other Person. 
 (h) Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section 3.01 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender or the LC Issuer, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations. 
 3.02 Illegality . If any Lender determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to SOFR or Term SOFR, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon SOFR or Term SOFR, then, upon notice thereof by such Lender to the Lead Borrower (through the Administrative Agent), (a) any obligation of such Lender to make or continue Term SOFR Loans or to convert Base Rate Loans to Term SOFR Loans shall be suspended, and (b) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining Base Rate Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Borrowers shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay or, if applicable, convert all Term SOFR Loans of such Lender to Base Rate Loans (the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate), either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Term SOFR Loan to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Term SOFR Loan and (ii) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon SOFR, the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Base Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to the Term SOFR component thereof until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon SOFR. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05. 
 3.03 Inability to Determine Rates . 
 (a) If in connection with any request for a Term SOFR Loan or a conversion of Base Rate Loans to Term SOFR Loans or a continuation of any of such Loans, as applicable, (i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that (A) no Successor Rate has been determined in accordance with Section 3.03(b), and the circumstances under clause (i) of Section 3.03(b) or the Scheduled Unavailability Date has occurred, or (B) adequate and reasonable means do not otherwise exist for determining Term SOFR for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Term SOFR Loan or in connection with an existing or proposed Base Rate Loan, or (ii) the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders determine that for any reason that Term SOFR for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding such Loan, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower and each Lender. 
 Thereafter, (x) the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain Term SOFR Loans, or to convert Base Rate Loans to Term SOFR Loans, shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected Term 
 11238955v2 
 84 
 11238955v21 

SOFR Loans or Interest Periods), and (y) in the event of a determination described in the preceding sentence with respect to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, the utilization of the Term SOFR component in determining the Base Rate shall be suspended, in each case until the Administrative Agent (or, in the case of a determination by the Required Lenders described in clause (ii) of this Section 3.03(a) , until the Administrative Agent upon instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice. 
 Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, or conversion to, or continuation of Term SOFR Loans (to the extent of the affected Term SOFR Loans or Interest Periods) or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein and (ii) any outstanding Term SOFR Loans shall be deemed to have been converted to Base Rate Loans immediately at the end of their respective applicable Interest Period. 
 (b) Replacement of Term SOFR or Successor Rate . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), or the Borrower or Required Lenders notify the Administrative Agent (with, in the case of the Required Lenders, a copy to the Borrower) that the Borrower or Required Lenders (as applicable) have determined, that 
 (i) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining one month, three month and six month interest periods of Term SOFR, including, without limitation, because the Term SOFR Screen Rate is not available or published on a current basis and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary or 
 (ii) CME or any successor administrator of the Term SOFR Screen Rate or a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent or such administrator with respect to its publication of Term SOFR, in each case acting in such capacity, has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which one month, three month and six month interest periods of Term SOFR or the Term SOFR Screen Rate shall or will no longer be made available, or permitted to be used for determining the interest rate of U.S. dollar denominated syndicated loans, or shall or will otherwise cease, provided that, at the time of such statement, there is no successor administrator that is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, that will continue to provide such interest periods of Term SOFR after such specific date (the latest date on which one month, three month and six month interest periods of Term SOFR or the Term SOFR Screen Rate are no longer available permanently or indefinitely, the Scheduled Unavailability Date 
 then, on a date and time determined by the Administrative Agent (any such date, the Term SOFR Replacement Date ), which date shall be at the end of an Interest Period or on the relevant interest payment date, as applicable, for interest calculated and, solely with respect to clause (ii) above, no later than the Scheduled Unavailability Date, Term SOFR will be replaced hereunder and under any Loan Document with Daily Simple SOFR plus the SOFR Adjustment for any payment period for interest calculated that can be determined by the Administrative Agent, in each case, without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document (the Successor Rate) . 
 If the Successor Rate is Daily Simple SOFR plus the SOFR Adjustment, all interest payments will be payable on a monthly basis. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (i) if the Administrative Agent determines that Daily Simple SOFR is not available on or prior to the Term SOFR Replacement Date, or (ii) if the events or circumstances of the type described in Section 3.03(b)(i) or (ii) have occurred with respect to the Successor Rate then in effect, then in each case, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may amend this Agreement solely for the purpose of replacing Term SOFR or any then current Successor Rate in accordance with this Section 3.03 at the end of any Interest Period, relevant interest payment date or payment period for interest calculated, as applicable, with an alternative benchmark rate giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar U.S. dollar denominated credit facilities syndicated and agented in the United States for such alternative benchmark. and, in each case, including any mathematical or other adjustments to such benchmark giving due consideration to any 
 11238955v2 
 85 
 11238955v21 

evolving or then existing convention for similar U.S. dollar denominated credit facilities syndicated and agented in the United States for such benchmark, which adjustment or method for calculating such adjustment shall be published on an information service as selected by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion and may be periodically updated. For the avoidance of doubt, any such proposed rate and adjustments, shall constitute a Successor Rate . Any such amendment shall become effective at 5 00 p.m. on the fifth Business Day after the Administrative Agent shall have posted such proposed amendment to all Lenders and the Borrower unless, prior to such time, Lenders comprising the Required Lenders have delivered to the Administrative Agent written notice that such Required Lenders object to such amendment. 
 The Administrative Agent will promptly (in one or more notices) notify the Lead Borrower and each Lender of the implementation of any Successor Rate. 
 Any Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice provided that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, such Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent. 
 Notwithstanding anything else herein, if at any time any Successor Rate as so determined would otherwise be less than zero, the Successor Rate will be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 In connection with the implementation of a Successor Rate, the Administrative Agent will have the right in consultation with the Lead Borrower to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the Lead Borrower and the Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. 
 For purposes of this Section 3.03, those Lenders that either have not made, or do not have an obligation under this Agreement to make, the relevant Loans in Dollars shall be excluded from any determination of Required Lenders. 
 3.04 Increased Costs . 
 (a) Increased Costs Generally . If any Change in Law shall 
 (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender or the LC Issuer 
 (ii) subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto or 
 (iii) impose on any Lender or the LC Issuer any other condition, cost or expense affecting this Agreement or Term SOFR Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein 
 and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making, converting to, continuing or maintaining any Term SOFR Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan), or to increase the cost to such Lender or the LC Issuer of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit (or of maintaining its obligation to participate in or to issue any Letter of Credit), or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or the LC Issuer hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then, upon request of such Lender or the LC Issuer, 
 11238955v2 
 86 
 11238955v21 

the Borrowers will pay to such Lender or the LC Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the LC Issuer, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 
 (b) Capital Requirements . If any Lender or the LC Issuer determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or the LC Issuer or any Lending Office of such Lender or such Lender s or the LC Issuer s holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or the LC Issuer s capital or on the capital of such Lender s or the LC Issuer s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit or Swing Line Loans held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by the LC Issuer, to a level below that which such Lender or the LC Issuer or such Lender s or the LC Issuer s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s or the LC Issuer s policies and the policies of such Lender s or the LC Issuer s holding company with respect to capital adequacy or liquidity), then from time to time the Borrowers will pay to such Lender or the LC Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the LC Issuer or such Lender s or the LC Issuer s holding company for any such reduction suffered. 
 (c) Certificates for Reimbursement . A certificate of a Lender or the LC Issuer setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or the LC Issuer or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in subsection (a) or (b) of this Section 3.04 and delivered to the Lead Borrower shall be presumptively correct absent manifest error. The Borrowers shall pay such Lender or the LC Issuer, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. 
 (d) Delay in Requests . Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or the LC Issuer to demand compensation pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s or the LC Issuer s right to demand such compensation, provided , that the Borrowers shall not be required to compensate a Lender or the LC Issuer pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than 180 days prior to the date that such Lender or the LC Issuer, as the case may be, notifies the Lead Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s or the LC Issuer s intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 180 days period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). 
 3.05 Compensation for Losses . Upon demand of any Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) from time to time, the Borrowers shall promptly compensate such Lender for and hold such Lender harmless from any loss, cost or expense incurred by it as a result of 
 (a) any continuation, conversion, payment or prepayment of any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period for such Loan (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise) 
 (b) any failure by the Borrowers (for a reason other than the failure of such Lender to make a Loan) to prepay, borrow, continue or convert any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan on the date or in the amount notified by the Lead Borrower or 
 (c) any assignment of a Term SOFR Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period therefor as a result of a request by the Lead Borrower pursuant to Section 10.13 
 including any loss of anticipated profits and any loss or expense arising from the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain such Loan or from fees payable to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained. The Borrowers shall also pay any customary administrative fees charged by such Lender in connection with the foregoing. 
 11238955v2 
 87 
 11238955v21 

3.06 Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders . 
 (a) Designation of a Different Lending Office . Each Lender may make any Credit Extension to the Borrowers through any Lending Office, provided , that the exercise of this option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrowers to repay the Credit Extension in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04 , or the Borrowers are required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amount to any Lender, or LC Issuer or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender or LC Issuer pursuant to Section 3.01 , or if any Lender gives a notice pursuant to Section 3.02 , then such Lender or LC Issuer shall, as applicable, use reasonable efforts to designate a different Lending Office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender or LC Issuer, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.01 or Section 3.04 , as the case may be, in the future, or eliminate the need for the notice pursuant to Section 3.02 , as applicable, and (ii) in each case, would not subject such Lender or LC Issuer, as the case may be, to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender or LC Issuer, as the case may be. The Borrowers hereby agree to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender or LC Issuer, as the case may be, in connection with any such designation or assignment. 
 (b) Replacement of Lenders . If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04 , or if the Borrowers are required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01 , and, in each case, such Lender has declined or is unable to designate a different lending office in accordance with Section 3.06(a) , the Borrowers may replace such Lender in accordance with Section 10.13 . 
 3.07 Survival . All of the Borrowers obligations under this Article III shall survive termination of the Aggregate Commitments and repayment of all other Secured Obligations hereunder and resignation of the Administrative Agent. 
 3.08 Designation of Lead Borrower as Borrowers Agent . 
 Each Borrower hereby irrevocably designates and appoints the Lead Borrower as such Borrower s agent to obtain Credit Extensions, the proceeds of which shall be available to each Borrower for such uses as are permitted under this Agreement. As the disclosed principal for its agent, each Borrower shall be obligated to each Credit Party on account of Credit Extensions so made as if made directly by the applicable Credit Party to such Borrower, notwithstanding the manner by which such Credit Extensions are recorded on the books and records of the Lead Borrower and of any other Borrower. In addition, each Loan Party other than the Borrowers hereby irrevocably designates and appoints the Lead Borrower as such Loan Party s agent to represent such Loan Party in all respects under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 (a) Each Borrower recognizes that credit available to it hereunder is in excess of and on better terms than it otherwise could obtain on and for its own account and that one of the reasons therefor is its joining in the credit facility contemplated herein with all other Borrowers. Consequently, each Borrower hereby assumes and agrees to discharge shall have joint and several liability in respect of all Secured Obligations of each of the other Borrowers. , without regard to any defense (other than the defense of payment), setoff or counterclaim which may at any time be available to or be asserted by any other Loan Party against the Credit Parties, or by any other circumstance whatsoever (with or without notice to or knowledge of the Borrowers) which constitutes, or might be construed to constitute, an equitable or legal discharge of the Borrowers liability hereunder, in bankruptcy or in any other instance, and such Secured Obligations of the Borrowers shall not be conditioned or contingent upon the pursuit by the Lenders or any other Person at any time of any right or remedy against any Borrower or against any other Person which may be or become liable in respect of all or any part of the Secured Obligations or against any Collateral or Guaranty therefor or right of offset with respect thereto. Each Borrower hereby acknowledge that this Agreement is the independent and several obligation of each Borrower (regardless of which Borrower shall have delivered a Request for Credit Extension) and may be enforced against each Borrower separately, whether or not enforcement of any right or remedy hereunder has been sought against any other Borrower. Each Borrower hereby expressly waives, with respect to any of the Credit 
 11238955v2 
 88 
 11238955v21 

Extensions made to any other Borrower hereunder and any of the amounts owing hereunder by such other Loan Parties in respect of such Credit Extensions, diligence, presentment, demand of payment, protest and all notices whatsoever, and any requirement that the Agent, the L C Issuer or any Lender exhaust any right, power or remedy or proceed against such other Loan Parties under this Agreement or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein or against any other Person under any other guarantee of, or security for, any of such amounts owing hereunder. 
 (b) The Lead Borrower shall act as a conduit for each Borrower (including itself, as a Borrower on whose behalf the Lead Borrower has requested a Credit Extension. Neither the Administrative Agent nor any other Credit Party shall have any obligation to see to the application of such proceeds therefrom. 
 ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS 
 4.01 Conditions of Initial Credit Extension . The obligation of the LC Issuer and each Lender to make its initial Credit Extension hereunder is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent 
 (a) The Administrative Agent s receipt of the following, each of which shall be originals or telecopies (followed promptly by originals) unless otherwise specified, each properly executed by a Responsible Officer of the signing Loan Party, each dated the Closing Date (or, in the case of certificates of governmental officials, a recent date before the Closing Date) and each in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent 
 (i) executed counterparts of this Agreement sufficient in number for distribution to the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the Lead Borrower 
 (ii) a Note executed by the Borrowers in favor of each Lender requesting a Note 
 (iii) such certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates and or other certificates of Responsible Officers of each Loan Party as the Administrative Agent may require evidencing (A) the authority of each Loan Party to enter into this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party or is to be a party and (B) the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer thereof authorized to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party or is to be a party 
 (iv) copies of each Loan Party s Organization Documents and such other documents and certifications as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require to evidence that each Loan Party is duly organized or formed, and that each Loan Party is validly existing, in good standing and qualified to engage in business in each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect 
 (v) a favorable opinion of each of Arnold & Porter LLP, counsel to the Loan Parties, and Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP, counsel to the Loan Parties, in each case, addressed to the Administrative Agent and each Lender and as to such matters concerning the Loan Parties and the Loan Documents as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request (including, without limitation, with respect to enforceability, due authorization and perfection of the Liens in favor of the Collateral Agent) 
 (vi) a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower certifying (A) that the conditions specified in clauses (a), (b) and (c) of Section 4.02 have been satisfied (after giving effect to the consummation of the transactions contemplated under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents on the Closing Date (including any Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder)), (B) that there has been no event or circumstance since May 
 11238955v2 
 89 
 11238955v21 

2, 2015, that has had or could be reasonably expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, (C) either that (1) no consents, licenses or approvals are required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by such Loan Party and the validity against such Loan Party of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, or (2) that all such consents, licenses and approvals have been obtained and are in full force and effect, (D) there have not been any material change in the capital structure and capitalization of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries from the Initial Cap Table, (E) that executed copies of the Spin-Off Agreements are attached thereto and (F) that the Spin-Off shall have occurred, and the senior credit facilities of the B&N Parties have closed on or substantially simultaneously with the Closing Date 
 (vii) evidence that all insurance required to be maintained pursuant to the Loan Documents and all endorsements in favor of the Collateral Agent required under the Loan Documents have been obtained and are in effect 
 (viii) a certificate from the chief financial officer of the Lead Borrower, satisfactory in form and substance to the Administrative Agent, attesting to the Solvency of the Loan Parties on a consolidated basis as of the Closing Date after giving effect to the transactions contemplated hereby 
 (ix) the Security Documents, each duly executed by the applicable Loan Parties 
 (x) all other Loan Documents, each duly executed by the applicable Loan Parties and 
 (xi) all documents and instruments, including Uniform Commercial Code financing statements, required by law or reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent and the Arrangers to be filed, registered or recorded to create or perfect the first priority Liens intended to be created under the Loan Documents and all such documents and instruments shall have been so filed, registered or recorded, in each case, to the reasonable satisfaction of the Collateral Agent and the Arrangers. 
 (b) Not less than 100,000,000 in Aggregate Commitments shall have been received from Lenders other than the Lead Lenders executing this Agreement. 
 (c) After giving effect to (i) the first funding under the Loans, (ii) any charges to the Loan Account made in connection with the establishment of the credit facility contemplated hereby and (iii) all Letters of Credit to be issued at, or immediately subsequent to, such establishment (including, without limitation, the Existing Letters of Credit), Availability shall be not less than 150,000,000. 
 (d) The Administrative Agent shall have received a Borrowing Base Certificate dated the Closing Date and relating to the fiscal month ended on July 4, 2015, duly executed by a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower. 
 (e) All fees required to be paid to the Agents or the Arrangers on or before the Closing Date shall have been paid in full, and all fees required to be paid to the Lenders on or before the Closing Date shall have been paid in full. 
 (f) The Administrative Agent and each Lender shall have received all documentation and other information required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including without limitation the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the Patriot Act ). 
 (g) The Lead Lenders shall be reasonably satisfied with the terms and conditions, taken as a whole, of the Spin-Off Agreements to the extent material to the interests of the Lenders. 
 11238955v2 
 90 
 11238955v21 

(h) The Spin-Off shall have occurred, and the senior credit facilities of the B&N Parties shall close on or substantially simultaneously with the Closing Date. 
 (i) The payoff of the Existing Credit Agreement (including the termination of commitments thereunder and agreements to terminate, or assign to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, all Liens arising thereunder) shall be effected on the Closing Date in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Payoff Letter (including, if applicable, the provision of cash collateral or a Letter of Credit with respect to any Letters of Credit then issued and outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement). 
 Without limiting the generality of the provisions of Section 9.04 , for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 4.01 , each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have Consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be Consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto. 
 4.02 Conditions to all Credit Extensions . The obligation of each Lender to honor any Request for Credit Extension (other than a Committed Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Committed Loans to the other Type or a continuation of Term SOFR Loans) and of each LC Issuer to issue each Letter of Credit is subject to the following conditions precedent 
 (a) The representations and warranties of the Lead Borrower and each other Loan Party contained in Article V or any other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection herewith or therewith, (i) which are qualified by materiality shall be true and correct, and (ii) which are not qualified by materiality shall be true and correct in all material respects, in each case, on and as of the date of such Credit Extension, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct, or true and correct in all material respects, as the case may be, as of such earlier date, and except that for purposes of this Section 4.02 , the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent consolidated statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b), respectively, of Section 6.01 . 
 (b) No Default shall exist or would result from such proposed Credit Extension or from the application of the proceeds thereof. 
 (c) After giving effect to such Credit Extension, (i) the Total Outstandings under the Revolving Credit Facility will not exceed the Loan Cap and (ii) the Total Outstandings under the Facilities will not exceed the Aggregate Loan Cap. 
 (d) The Administrative Agent and, if applicable, the LC Issuer or the Swing Line Lender shall have received a Request for Credit Extension in accordance with the requirements hereof. 
 (e) With respect to a Request for Credit Extension (other than a Committed Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Committed Loans to the other Type or a continuation of Term SOFR Loans) when a FILO Loan is outstanding , (i) the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall be in compliance with Section 7.15 after giving pro forma effect to such proposed Credit Extension (ii) at the time of such proposed Credit Extension, before giving effect thereto, the Loan Parties shall not have any Excess Cash and (iii) such proposed Credit Extension shall not trigger or be reasonably expected to trigger an Excess Cash Prepayment. 
 Each Request for Credit Extension (other than a Committed Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Committed Loans to the other Type or a continuation of Term SOFR Loans) submitted by the Lead Borrower shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Borrowers that the conditions specified in Section 4.02(a) through Section 4.02(c) have been satisfied on and as of the date of the applicable Credit Extension. The conditions set forth in this Section 4.02 are for the sole benefit of the Credit Parties but until the Required Lenders otherwise direct the Administrative Agent to cease making Committed Loans, the Lenders will fund their Applicable Percentage of all Loans, and LC Advances and 
 11238955v2 
 91 
 11238955v21 

participate in all Swing Line Loans and Letters of Credit whenever made or issued, which are requested by the Lead Borrower and which, notwithstanding the failure of the Loan Parties to comply with the provisions of clauses (a), (b) or , (d) or (e) of this Article IV are agreed to by the Administrative Agent provided , however , that, if the Administrative Agent has actual knowledge that any Specified Default or any Event of Default under Section 6.13 shall have occurred and be continuing, the Administrative Agent shall cease making Committed Loans unless the Required Lenders otherwise direct in writing provided , further , that the making of any such Loans or the issuance of any Letters of Credit shall not be deemed a modification or waiver by any Credit Party of the provisions of this Article IV on any future occasion or a waiver of any rights of the Credit Parties as a result of any such failure to comply. 
 ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 To induce the Credit Parties to enter into this Agreement and to make Loans and to issue Letters of Credit hereunder, each Loan Party represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the other Credit Parties that 
 5.1 Existence, Qualification and Power . Each Loan Party (a) is a corporation, limited liability company, partnership or limited partnership, duly organized or formed, validly existing and, where applicable, in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, (b) has all requisite power and authority and all requisite governmental licenses, permits, authorizations, consents and approvals to (i) own, lease or operate its assets and carry on its business as now conducted and (ii) execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and (c) is duly qualified and is licensed and, where applicable, in good standing under the Laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification or license except in each case referred to in clause (b)(i) or (c), to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Schedule 5.01 annexed hereto sets forth, as of the Second Amendment Effective Date, each Loan Party s name as it appears in official filings in its state of incorporation or organization, its state of incorporation or organization, organization type, organization number, if any, issued by its state of incorporation or organization, and its federal employer identification number. 
 5.2 Authorization No Contravention . The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of each Loan Document to which such Person is or is to be a party, has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action, and does not and will not (a) contravene the terms of any of such Person s Organization Documents (b) conflict with or result in any breach, termination, or contravention of, or constitute a default under, or require any payment to be made under (i) any Material Indebtedness to which such Person is a party or affecting such Person or the properties of such Person, or (ii) any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which such Person or its property is subject (c) result in or require the creation of any Lien upon any asset of any Loan Party (other than Permitted Encumbrances) or (d) violate any Law. 
 5.3 Governmental Authorization Other Consents . No approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is necessary or required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by, or enforcement against, any Loan Party of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except for (a) the perfection or maintenance of the Liens created under the Security Documents (including the first priority nature thereof to the extent specified in the Security Agreement) or (b) such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect. 
 5.4 Binding Effect . This Agreement has been, and each other Loan Document, when delivered, will have been, duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party that is party thereto. This Agreement constitutes, and each other Loan Document when so delivered will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against each Loan Party that is party thereto in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law provided , that the application of Write-Down and Conversion Powers by any EEA Resolution Authority (or the public announcement of the impending 
 11238955v2 
 92 
 11238955v21 

application of such powers) with respect to any liabilities of a Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be deemed a breach of this representation. 
 5.5 Financial Statements No Material Adverse Effect . 
 (a) The Audited Financial Statements (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein (ii) fairly present the financial condition of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and their results of operations for the period covered thereby in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein and (iii) show all Material Indebtedness and other liabilities, direct or contingent, of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof, including liabilities for taxes, material commitments and Indebtedness. 
 (b) The unaudited Consolidated balance sheet of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries most recently delivered in accordance with Section 6.01(b) , and the related Consolidated statements of income or operations, Shareholders Equity and cash flows for the fiscal quarter ended on that date (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein, and (ii) fairly present the financial condition of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and their results of operations for the period covered thereby, subject, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii), to the absence of footnotes and to normal year-end audit adjustments. 
 (c) Since the date of the Audited Financial Statements dated May 2, 2015, there has been no event or circumstance, either individually or in the aggregate, that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (d) The Consolidated balance sheet and statements of income and cash flows of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(d) were prepared in good faith on the basis of the assumptions stated therein, which assumptions were fair in light of the conditions existing at the time of delivery of such forecasts, and represented, at the time of delivery, the Loan Parties reasonable estimate of its future financial performance (it being understood that such forecasted financial information is subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the control of the Loan Parties, that no assurance is given that any particular forecasts will be realized, that results may differ and that such differences may be material). 
 5.6 Litigation . There are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties after due and diligent investigation, threatened or contemplated, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, by or against any Loan Party or against any of its properties or revenues that (a) purport to affect or pertain to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any of the transactions contemplated hereby, or (b) except as specifically disclosed in Schedule 5.06 , either individually or in the aggregate, if determined adversely, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.7 No Default . No Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 5.8 Ownership of Property Liens . Each of the Loan Parties has good record and marketable title in fee simple to or valid leasehold interests in or other rights to use or operate, all real property necessary or used in the ordinary conduct of its business, except for such defects in title as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each of the Loan Parties has good and marketable title to, valid leasehold interests in, or valid licenses to use all 
 11238955v2 
 93 
 11238955v21 

personal property and assets used in the ordinary conduct of its business, except for such defects in title as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.9 Intentionally Omitted. 
 5.10 Insurance . The properties (including, without limitation, all Collateral) of the Loan Parties are insured with financially sound and reputable insurance companies which are not Affiliates of the Loan Parties (other than any Permitted Self-Insurance Program), in such amounts, with such deductibles and covering such risks as are customarily carried by companies engaged in similar businesses and owning similar properties in localities where the Loan Parties operate. Schedule 5.10 sets forth a description of all insurance maintained by or on behalf of the Loan Parties as of the Second Amendment Effective Date. As of the Second Amendment Effective Date, each insurance policy listed on Schedule 5.10 , and, thereafter, each insurance policy reflected on an Accord Certificate or other evidence of insurance most recently delivered to the Administrative Agent in accordance herewith is in full force and effect and all premiums in respect thereof that are due and payable have been paid. 
 5.11 Taxes . The Loan Parties have filed all Federal, state and other material tax returns and reports required to be filed, and have paid all Federal, state and other material taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges levied or imposed upon them or their properties, income or assets otherwise due and payable, except those which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings being diligently conducted, for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP, as to which Taxes no material Lien has been filed and which contest effectively suspends the collection of the contested obligation and the enforcement of any Lien securing such obligation. There is no proposed tax assessment against any Loan Party that would, if made, be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Loan Party is a party to any tax sharing agreement other than (i) the tax sharing agreement between Lead Borrower and certain of its Subsidiaries and (ii) that certain Tax Matters Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, between the Lead Borrower and BNED. 
 5.12 ERISA Compliance . 
 (a) Each Plan is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other Federal or state Laws. Each Plan that is intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination letter from the IRS or an application for such a letter is currently being processed by the IRS with respect thereto and, to the best knowledge of the Lead Borrower, nothing has occurred which would prevent, or cause the loss of, such qualification. The Loan Parties and each ERISA Affiliate have made all required contributions to each Plan subject to Section 412 of the Code, and no application for a funding waiver or an extension of any amortization period pursuant to Section 412 of the Code is pending or in effect with respect to any Plan, except to the extent any failure to make such contribution would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (b) There are no pending or, to the best knowledge of the Lead Borrower, threatened claims, actions or lawsuits, or action by any Governmental Authority, with respect to any Plan that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There has been no prohibited transaction or violation of the fiduciary responsibility rules with respect to any Plan that has resulted or would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (c) (i) Except as set forth in Schedule 5.12 , (i) no ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur (ii) no Pension Plan has any Unfunded Pension Liability (iii) neither any Loan Party nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred, or reasonably expects to incur, any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to any Pension Plan (other than premiums due and not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA) (iv) neither any Loan Party nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred, or reasonably expects to incur, any liability (and no event has occurred which, with the giving of notice under Section 4219 of ERISA, would result in such liability) under Sections 4201 or 4243 of ERISA with respect to a Multiemployer Plan and (v) neither any Loan Party nor any ERISA Affiliate has engaged in a transaction that could be subject to Sections 4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA, except in each case to the extent the occurrence of any event described in the foregoing clauses (i) through (iv) could not reasonably be expect to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 11238955v2 
 94 
 11238955v21 

5.13 Subsidiaries Equity Interests . As of the Second Amendment Effective Date, the Loan Parties have no Subsidiaries other than those specifically disclosed in Part (a) of Schedule 5.13 , which Schedule sets forth the legal name, jurisdiction of incorporation or formation and authorized Equity Interests of each such Subsidiary. As of the Second Amendment Effective Date, (a) all of the outstanding Equity Interests in such Subsidiaries have been validly issued, are fully paid and non-assessable and are owned by a Loan Party (or a Subsidiary of a Loan Party) in the amounts specified on Part (a) of Schedule 5.13 free and clear of all Liens, (b) except as set forth in Schedule 5.13 , there are no outstanding rights to purchase any Equity Interests in any Subsidiary and (c) the Loan Parties have no equity investments in any other corporation or entity other than those specifically disclosed in Part(b) of Schedule 5.13 . 
 5.14 Margin Regulations Investment Company Act . 
 (a) No Loan Party is engaged or will be engaged, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U issued by the FRB), or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock. None of the proceeds of the Credit Extensions shall be used directly or indirectly for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin stock, for the purpose of reducing or retiring any Indebtedness that was originally incurred to purchase or carry any margin stock or for any other purpose that might cause any of the Credit Extensions to be considered a purpose credit within the meaning of Regulations T, U, or X issued by the FRB. Following the application of the proceeds of each Borrowing or drawing under each Letter of Credit, not more than 25 of the value of the assets (either of the Borrowers only or of the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis) subject to the provisions of Section 7.01 or Section 7.05 or subject to any restriction contained in any agreement or instrument between any Borrower and any Lender or any Affiliate of any Lender relating to Indebtedness and within the scope of Section 8.01(e) will be margin stock. 
 (b) None of the Loan Parties is or is required to be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
 5.15 Disclosure . The reports, financial statements, certificates and other written information furnished and prepared by or on behalf of any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder or under any other Loan Document (in each case, as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished), taken as a whole, do not contain any material misstatement of fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading provided , that with respect to projected financial information, the Loan Parties represent only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time (it being understood that such projections are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the control of the Loan Parties, that no assurance is given that any particular forecasts will be realized, that actual results may differ and that such differences may be material). As of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification, if applicable, is true and correct in all respects. 
 5.16 Compliance with Laws . Each of the Loan Parties is in compliance in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its properties, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted or (b) the failure to comply therewith, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.17 Intellectual Property Licenses, Etc . Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (a) the Loan Parties own, or possess the right to use, all the Intellectual Property that is reasonably necessary for the operation of their respective businesses, and (b) to the knowledge of any Responsible Officer, no Loan Party has infringed upon any Intellectual Property rights held by any other Person. 
 5.18 Labor Matters . There are no strikes, lockouts, slowdowns or other material labor disputes against any Loan Party pending or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened that could 
 11238955v2 
 95 
 11238955v21 

reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The hours worked by and payments made to employees of the Loan Parties comply with the Fair Labor Standards Act and any other applicable federal, state, local or foreign Law dealing with such matters except to the extent that any such violation could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Loan Party has incurred any liability or obligation under the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Act or similar state Law, except as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. All payments due from any Loan Party, or for which any claim may be made against any Loan Party, on account of wages and employee health and welfare insurance and other benefits, have been paid or properly accrued in accordance with GAAP as a liability on the books of such Loan Party, except as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as set forth on Schedule 5.18 no Loan Party is a party to or bound by any collective bargaining agreement. There are no representation proceedings pending or, to any Loan Party s knowledge, threatened to be filed with the National Labor Relations Board, and no labor organization or group of employees of any Loan Party has made a pending demand for recognition in each case which could individually or in the aggregate be reasonably expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. There are no complaints, unfair labor practice charges, grievances, arbitrations, unfair employment practices charges or any other claims or complaints against any Loan Party pending or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened to be filed with any Governmental Authority or arbitrator based on, arising out of, in connection with, or otherwise relating to the employment or termination of employment of any employee of any Loan Party which could, individually or in the aggregate, be reasonably expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents will not give rise to any right of termination or right of renegotiation on the part of any union under any collective bargaining agreement to which any Loan Party is bound except as could not reasonably be expected to have individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.19 Security Documents . The Security Documents create in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Credit Parties referred to therein, a legal, valid, continuing and enforceable security interest in the Collateral (as defined in the Security Agreement), the enforceability of which is subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. The financing statements, releases and other filings are in appropriate form and have been or will be filed in the offices specified in the Perfection Certificate. Upon such filings and or the obtaining of control, the Collateral Agent will have a perfected Lien on, and security interest in, to and under all right, title and interest of the grantors thereunder in all Collateral that may be perfected by filing, recording or registering a financing statement or analogous document (including without limitation the proceeds of such Collateral subject to the limitations relating to such proceeds in the UCC) or by obtaining control, under the UCC (in effect on the date this representation is made) in each case prior and superior in right to any other Person, except in the case of Liens permitted under clauses (c), (d), (f), (h), (m) or (p) (with respect to Excluded Assets) of Section 7.01 hereof. 
 5.20 Solvency . After giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and before and after giving effect to each Credit Extension, the Loan Parties, on a consolidated basis, are, and will be, Solvent. No transfer of property has been or will be made by any Loan Party and no obligation has been or will be incurred by any Loan Party in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents with the intent to hinder, delay, or defraud either present or future creditors of any Loan Party. 
 5.21 Deposit and Securities Accounts Credit Card Arrangements . 
 (a) Annexed hereto as Schedule 5.21(a) is a list of all DDAs maintained by the Loan Parties as of the Second Sixth Amendment Effective Date, which Schedule includes, with respect to each DDA (i) the name and address of and contact person at the depository (ii) the account number(s) maintained with such depository and iv iii the identification of each Blocked Account Bank. 
 (b) Annexed hereto as Schedule 5.21(b) is a list describing all arrangements as of the Second Sixth Amendment Effective Date to which any Loan Party is a party with respect to the processing and or payment to such Loan Party of the proceeds of any credit card charges for sales made by such Loan Party. 
 11238955v2 
 96 
 11238955v21 

(c) Annexed hereto as Schedule 5.21(c) is a list describing each securities account of the Loan Parties as of the Second Amendment Effective Date which schedule includes, with respect to each securities account, (i) the name and address of the applicable securities intermediary, (ii) a description and value of all property held therein and (iii) the account numbers and name of such accounts. 
 5.22 Brokers . No broker or finder brought about the obtaining, making or closing of the Loans or transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, and no Loan Party or Affiliate thereof has any obligation to any Person in respect of any finder s or brokerage fees in connection therewith. 
 5.23 Customer and Trade Relations . There exists no actual or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened, termination or cancellation of, or any modification or change in the business relationship of any Loan Party with any supplier which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.24 Storage Locations . Subject to Section 6.12(b) , there are no warehouse or other storage or distribution facilities leased by the Loan Parties (excluding Stores) in which, in the aggregate, more than 10,000,000 of Inventory is or may be located from time to time and with respect to which the Loan Parties have not caused to be delivered to the Administrative Agent a Collateral Access Agreement. 
 5.25 OFAC . No Loan Party, nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of any Loan Party its Subsidiaries, any director, officer, employee, agent, affiliate or representative thereof, is an individual or entity that is, or is majority owned or controlled by any individual or entity that is (i) currently the target of any Sanctions , (ii) included on OFAC s List of Specially Designated Nationals, HMT s Consolidated List of Financial Sanctions Targets and the Investment Ban List, or any similar list enforced by any other relevant sanctions authority or (iii) located, organized or resident in a Designated Jurisdiction. The Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries have conducted their business in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Sanctions instituted and maintained policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such Sanctions. 
 5.26 Anti-Corruption Laws . None of the Loan Parties or their Subsidiaries have breached the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010, or any other applicable anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions the effect of which breach is or could reasonably be expected to be material to the Loan Parties, taken as a whole, and the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries have instituted and maintained policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws. 
 5.27 Affected Financial Institutions . No Loan Party is an Affected Financial Institution. 
 5.28 Covered Entity . No Loan Party is a Covered Entity. 
 ARTICLE VI AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 So long as any Obligation hereunder (other than contingent indemnification obligations as to which no claim has been asserted) shall not be Fully Satisfied, the Loan Parties shall 
 6.01 Financial Statements . Deliver to the Administrative Agent, in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent 
 (a) as soon as available, but in any event within 90 days after the end of each Fiscal Year of the Lead Borrower (plus, if requested by Lead Borrower in writing on or prior to such date, up to an additional five (5) Business Days thereafter), a Consolidated balance sheet of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such Fiscal Year, and the related Consolidated statements of income or operations, Shareholders Equity and cash flows for such Fiscal Year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, such Consolidated statements to be audited and accompanied by a report and 
 11238955v2 
 97 
 11238955v21 

unqualified opinion of a Registered Public Accounting Firm of nationally recognized standing reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, which report and opinion shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and shall not be subject to any going concern or like qualification or exception or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit 
 (b) as soon as available, but in any event within 45 days after the end of each of the first three Fiscal Quarters of each Fiscal Year of the Lead Borrower (plus, if requested by Lead Borrower in writing on or prior to such date, up to an additional five (5) Business Days thereafter), a balance sheet of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such Fiscal Quarter, and the related Consolidated statements of income or operations, Shareholders Equity and cash flows for such Fiscal Quarter and for the portion of the Lead Borrower s Fiscal Year then ended, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for (A) the corresponding Fiscal Quarter of the previous Fiscal Year and (B) the corresponding portion of the previous Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail, such Consolidated statements to be certified by a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower as fairly presenting the financial condition, results of operations, Shareholders Equity and cash flows of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such Fiscal Quarter in accordance with GAAP, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes 
 (c) as soon as available, but in any event within 30 days after the end of each Fiscal Month of each Fiscal Year (excluding the end of any Fiscal Month which is also the end of a Fiscal Quarter) (plus, if requested by Lead Borrower in writing on or prior to such date, up to an additional two (2) Business Days thereafter), a Consolidated balance sheet of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such Fiscal Month, and the related Consolidated statements of income or operations, Shareholders Equity and cash flows for such Fiscal Month, and for the portion of the Lead Borrower s Fiscal Year then ended, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for (A) the corresponding Fiscal Month of the previous Fiscal Year and (B) the corresponding portion of the previous Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail, such Consolidated statements to be certified by a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower as fairly presenting the financial condition, results of operations, Shareholders Equity and cash flows of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such Fiscal Month in accordance with GAAP, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes and 
 (d) as soon as available, but in any event not more than 60 days after the end of each Fiscal Year of the Lead Borrower (plus, if requested by Lead Borrower in writing on or prior to such date, up to an additional five (5) Business Days thereafter), forecasts prepared by management of the Lead Borrower, in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, of Consolidated balance sheets and statements of income or operations and cash flows of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries, as well as projected Availability, on a monthly basis for the immediately following Fiscal Year (including the Fiscal Year in which the Maturity Date occurs), and as soon as available, any significant revisions to such forecast with respect to such Fiscal Year. 
 The Administrative Agent and the Lenders acknowledge and agree that notwithstanding the allotted time periods for monthly delivery of financial statements and Compliance Certificates set forth in Section 6.01(c) and Section 6.02(a) , the time periods for delivering such financial statements and Compliance Certificates for the months of April and May of each Fiscal Year shall be extended by 30 days for April and 15 days for May (each an Extension Period provided , that no prepayment of Indebtedness, Acquisition, Restricted Payment, Investment or other transaction or payment permitted hereunder based upon a calculation of Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio or Consolidated Adjusted Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio shall be permitted during any Extension Period if the applicable financial statements and Compliance Certificates for such periods have not been delivered. 
 6.02 Certificates Other Information . Deliver to the Administrative Agent, in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent 
 (a) concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in each of Section 6.01(a) , Section 6.01(b) and Section 6.01(c) , (i) a duly completed Compliance Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower, (ii) a certificate setting forth any change in generally accepted accounting principles used in the preparation of such financial statements, (iii) a copy of 
 11238955v2 
 98 
 11238955v21 

management s discussion and analysis with respect to such financial statements, (iv) a certification as to the Borrowers compliance with Section 7.15 at all times since the date of the last Compliance Certificate delivered pursuant hereto or, in the case of the first Compliance Certificate delivered after the Closing Date, the Closing Date , and (v) a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower (A) identifying each Immaterial Subsidiary and its jurisdiction of formation (other than, so long as no Cash Dominion Trigger Period exists, any Immaterial Subsidiary that does not have any material assets or material liabilities and conducts no material operations) and and (B) certifying that (1) the total assets of all Immaterial Subsidiaries, as of the end of the most recent Fiscal Quarter for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or Section 6.01(b) hereof, is less than five percent (5.0 of the Consolidated total assets of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries, (2) no Immaterial Subsidiary owns any (i) assets included in the Borrowing Base or (ii) any Material IP , and (3) the gross revenues of all Immaterial Subsidiaries for the Measurement Period ended the last Fiscal Month included in such financial statements is less than five percent (5.0 of the Consolidated gross revenues of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such Measurement Period, in each case as determined in accordance with GAAP 
 (b) on or before (i) the 22 nd day of the last Fiscal Month in each Fiscal Year of the Lead Borrower and (ii) the 15 th day of each other Fiscal Month (or, if such day is not a Business Day, on the next succeeding Business Day) or in each case such later Business Day as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion (not to exceed five additional calendar days), a certificate in the form of Exhibit F (a Borrowing Base Certificate showing the Borrowing Base as of the close of business as of the last day of the immediately preceding Fiscal Month, each Borrowing Base Certificate to be certified as complete and correct by a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower provided , that during any Cash Dominion Trigger Period, such Borrowing Base Certificate shall be delivered (i) no later than the third Business Day (or, if agreed by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion, the fourth Business Day) of each week provided , further , that upon consummation of any Permitted Disposition of any Eligible Inventory , a Borrowing Base Certificate showing the Borrowing Base as of the close of business as of the last day of the immediately preceding week, each Borrowing Base Certificate to be certified as complete and correct by a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower provided, however, except for any transaction described in clause (ii) below, for so long as a Weekly Reporting Trigger has not occurred and is continuing on or after the Sixth Amendment Effective Date, each such Borrowing Base Certificate required to be delivered in respect of the first eight (8) weeks following the Sixth Amendment Effective Date shall not require updated Inventory detail and such Inventory detail shall be provided with respect to each preceding Fiscal Month no later than the 15th day of each Fiscal Month (or, if such day is not a Business Day, on the next succeeding Business Day) provided, however, for the avoidance of doubt, from and after the occurrence of a Weekly Reporting Trigger or the eighth (8 th week following the Sixth Amendment Effective Date, as applicable, (A) the Loan Parties shall deliver a Borrowing Base Certificate to the Administrative Agent no later than the third Business Day (or, if agreed by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion, the fourth Business Day) of each week showing the Borrowing Base as of the close of business as of the last day of the immediately preceding week, each Borrowing Base Certificate to be certified as complete and correct by a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower and (B) the Borrowing Base shall be calculated without giving effect to the immediately preceding proviso and shall contain full detail regarding the Loan Parties calculation of the Borrowing Base (including, without limitation, detail regarding the Loan Parties Inventory, Credit Card Receivables, and Accounts), (ii) on or prior to the consummation of any transaction or series of related transactions (whether by transfer, investment or other Disposition) which results in a reduction in the Borrowing Base of 1,000,000 or more (other than sales of Inventory in the ordinary course of business) giving rise to a mandatory prepayment in accordance with Section 2.05(e) , upon request of the Administrative Agent , the Lead Borrower shall promptly furnish an updated Borrowing Base Certificate reflecting the Borrowing Base after giving effect to such Disposition transaction demonstrating that no Default shall have occurred and be continuing under this Agreement, (iii) concurrently with the delivery of each Borrowing Base Certificate, additional information (which shall not adjust the Borrowing Base) regarding the Borrower s Eligible Inventory, inventory sales date and the Borrower s stock ledgers as Administrative Agent (including through the Agent Consultant) may request to the extent such information is reasonably available, (iv) at all times outside of the Variance Testing Period, no later than the third Business Day (or, if agreed by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion, the fourth Business Day) of each week that is the first week of each calendar month (A) an Approved Budget Update and (B) an Approved Budget Variance Report and (v) during any Variance Testing Period, no 
 11238955v2 
 99 
 11238955v21 

later than the third Business Day (or, if agreed by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion, the fourth Business Day) of each week, (A) an Approved Budget Update and (B) an Approved Budget Variance Report 
 (c) no more than ten (10) Business Days after receipt thereof, copies of any detailed audit reports, final management letters or recommendations submitted to the board of directors (or the audit committee of the board of directors) of any Loan Party by its Registered Public Accounting Firm in connection with the accounts or books of the Loan Parties or any Subsidiary, or any audit of any of them, including, without limitation, specifying any Internal Control Event and, promptly, after request by the Administrative Agent therefor, updates on the status of any remediation of any such Internal Control Event 
 (d) promptly upon the filing thereof, copies of each annual report, proxy or financial statement or other report or communication sent to the stockholders of the Loan Parties, and copies of all annual, regular, periodic and special reports and registration statements which any Loan Party may file or be required to file with the SEC under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or with any national securities exchange, and in any case not otherwise required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant hereto 
 (e) upon the renewal of any insurance policy of the Loan Parties, evidence of insurance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, summarizing the insurance coverage (specifying type, amount and carrier) in effect for each Loan Party, and as soon as available, but in any event within 30 days after such renewal, a certificate of such insurance coverage 
 (f) promptly, and in any event within five Business Days after receipt thereof by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof, copies of each notice or other correspondence received from any Governmental Authority (including, without limitation, the SEC (or comparable agency in any applicable non-U.S. jurisdiction)) concerning any proceeding with, or investigation or possible investigation or other inquiry by such Governmental Authority regarding financial or other operational results of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof or any other matter which, if adversely determined, could reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect 
 (g) promptly following any request therefor, provide information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation and 
 (h) promptly, such additional information regarding the business affairs, financial condition or operations of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, or compliance with the terms of the Loan Documents, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may from time to time reasonably request. 
 Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) , Section 6.01(b) , Section 6.01(c) or Section 6.02(d) (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Lead Borrower posts such documents, or provides a link thereto on the Lead Borrower s website on the Internet at the website address listed on Schedule 10.02 or (ii) on which such documents are posted on the Lead Borrower s behalf at www.sec.gov or otherwise on an Internet or intranet website, if any, in each case to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent) provided , that the Lead Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender (by telecopier or electronic mail) of the posting of any such documents and provide to the Administrative Agent by electronic mail electronic versions of such documents. The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery or to maintain copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Loan Parties with any such request for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for requesting delivery to it or maintaining its copies of such documents. 
 11238955v2 
 100 
 11238955v21 

The Loan Parties hereby acknowledge that (a) the Administrative Agent and or the Arranger will make available to the Lenders and the LC Issuer materials and or information provided by or on behalf of the Loan Parties hereunder (collectively, Borrower Materials by posting the Borrower Materials on IntraLinks or another similar electronic system (the Platform and (b) certain of the Lenders (each, a Public Lender may have personnel who do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to the Loan Parties or their Affiliates or the respective securities or any of the foregoing, and who may be engaged in investment and other market-related activities with respect to such Persons securities. The Loan Parties hereby agree that (w) all Borrower Materials that are to be made available to the Public Lenders shall either have been identified as being previously or contemporaneously filed with the SEC or be clearly and conspicuously marked PUBLIC which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word PUBLIC shall appear prominently on the first page thereof (x) by identifying Borrower Materials as being filed with the SEC or marking Borrower Materials PUBLIC, the Loan Parties shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, the LC Issuer and the Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials as not containing any material non-public information (although it may be sensitive and proprietary) with respect to the Loan Parties or their securities for purposes of United States Federal and state securities laws provided , however , that to the extent such Borrower Materials constitute Information, they shall be treated as set forth in Section 10.07 (y) all Borrower Materials identified as being filed with the SEC or marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated Public Side Information and (z) the Administrative Agent and the Arranger shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that are not either identified as being filed with the SEC or marked PUBLIC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated Public Side Information. 
 6.03 Notices . Promptly (but in any event within two (2) Business Days) , unless expressly indicated otherwise, notify the Administrative Agent 
 (a) of the occurrence of any Default or any Default under and as defined in the Subordinated Term Loan Agreement 
 (b) immediately upon obtaining actual knowledge thereof, any Cash Dominion Trigger Event described in clause (b) of the definition thereof or any Diligence Trigger Event described in clause (b) of the definition thereof reserved 
 (c) of any matter that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, including (to the extent each of the following has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect) (i) breach or non-performance of, or any default with respect to Material Indebtedness of any Loan Party (ii) any material dispute, litigation, investigation, proceeding or suspension between any Loan Party and any Governmental Authority or (iii) the commencement of, or any material development in, any material litigation or proceeding affecting any Loan Party 
 (d) of the occurrence of any ERISA Event 
 (e) any Disposition of Collateral that could reasonably be expected to give rise to a mandatory prepayment under Section 2.05(e) or issuance of any Equity Interests to any Person (other than an Affiliate of such Person) 
 (f) any material change in accounting policies or financial reporting practices by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof 
 (g) of the Public Accountants determination (in connection with its preparation of its report under Section 6.01(a)) or the Lead Borrower s determination of the occurrence or existence of any Internal Control Event 
 (h) of the formation or acquisition of any Subsidiary required to become a Loan Party hereunder 
 11238955v2 
 101 
 11238955v21 

(i) of any change in the name, corporate form or state of organization of any Loan Party or any change in the name or names under which any Loan Party s Business is transacted 
 (j) immediately upon receipt of notice thereof, of the filing of any Lien against any Loan Party for unpaid Taxes against any material portion of the Collateral 
 (k) of the occurrence of any default under any Licensed Merchandise Agreement by any party thereto or any exercise of remedies thereunder and 
 (l) of any casualty or other insured damage to any material portion of the Collateral in excess of 250,000 or the commencement of any action or proceeding for the taking of any interest in a material portion of the Collateral in excess of 250,000 under power of eminent domain or by condemnation or similar proceeding or if any material portion of the Collateral is damaged or destroyed. 
 Each notice pursuant to this Section 6.03 shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what action the Lead Borrower has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto. Each notice pursuant to Section 6.03(a) shall describe with particularity any and all provisions of this Agreement and any other Loan Document that have been breached. 
 6.04 Payment of Obligations . Pay and discharge as the same shall become due and payable, all its obligations and liabilities, including (a) all tax liabilities, assessments and governmental charges or levies upon it or its properties or assets, and (b) all lawful claims (including, without limitation, claims of landlords, warehousemen, customs brokers, and carriers) which, if unpaid, would by law become a Lien upon its property (other than Permitted Encumbrances) except, in each case, where (i) the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (ii) such Loan Party has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP, (iii) such contest effectively suspends collection of the contested obligation and enforcement of any Lien securing such obligation, (iv) no Lien (other than Permitted Encumbrances) has been filed with respect thereto and (iv) the failure to make payment pending such contest could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit the rights of the Administrative Agent with respect to establishing Reserves pursuant to this Agreement. 
 6.05 Preservation of Existence, Etc . (a) Preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its legal existence and good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization or formation except in a transaction permitted by Section 7.04 or 7.05 (b) take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges, permits, licenses and franchises necessary or desirable in any material respect in the normal conduct of its business, except to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (c) take all reasonable action to maintain all existing registrations of its Intellectual Property, except to the extent the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or such Intellectual Property is no longer used or useful in the conduct of the business of the Loan Parties. 
 6.06 Maintenance of Properties . (a) Maintain (except for any maintenance required to be performed by the landlord, lessor or other property owner under any applicable Lease), preserve and protect all of its material properties and equipment necessary in the operation of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (b) make all necessary repairs thereto and renewals and replacements thereof (except for any repairs, renewals or replacements required to be made by the landlord, lessor or other property owner under any applicable Lease), except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 6.07 Maintenance of Insurance . Maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies not Affiliates of the Loan Parties (other than any Permitted Self-Insurance Program), reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, insurance with respect to its properties and business against loss or damage of the kinds customarily insured against by Persons engaged in the same or similar business and operating in the same or similar locations or as is required by applicable Law, of such types and in such amounts (after giving effect to any self-insurance compatible with the following standards) as 
 11238955v2 
 102 
 11238955v21 

are customarily carried under similar circumstances by such other Persons and as are reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
 (a) Fire and extended coverage policies maintained with respect to any Collateral shall be endorsed or otherwise amended to include (i) a non-contributing mortgage clause (regarding improvements to real property) and lenders loss payable clause (regarding personal property), in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, which endorsements or amendments shall provide that the insurer shall pay all proceeds otherwise payable to the Loan Parties under the policies directly to the Collateral Agent (and the Collateral Agent agrees, unless a Cash Dominion Trigger Event is then continuing, to deliver such insurance proceeds as the Lead Borrower may direct) , (ii) a provision to the effect that none of the Loan Parties, Credit Parties or any other Person shall be a co-insurer and (iii) such other provisions as the Collateral Agent may reasonably require from time to time to protect the interests of the Credit Parties. Commercial general liability policies shall be endorsed to name the Collateral Agent as an additional insured. Business interruption policies shall name the Collateral Agent as a loss payee and shall be endorsed or amended to include (i) a provision that, from and after the Closing Date, the insurer shall pay all proceeds otherwise payable to the Loan Parties under the policies directly to the Collateral Agent (and the Collateral Agent agrees, unless a Cash Dominion Trigger Event is then continuing, to deliver such insurance proceeds as the Lead Borrower may direct) , (ii) a provision to the effect that none of the Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any other party shall be a co-insurer and (iii) such other provisions as the Collateral Agent may reasonably require from time to time to protect the interests of the Credit Parties. Each such policy referred to in this Section 6.07(a) shall also provide that it shall not be canceled, modified or not renewed (i) by reason of nonpayment of premium except upon not less than ten (10) days prior written notice thereof by the insurer to the Collateral Agent (giving the Collateral Agent the right to cure defaults in the payment of premiums) or (ii) for any other reason except upon not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice thereof by the insurer to the Collateral Agent. The Lead Borrower shall deliver to the Collateral Agent, prior to the cancellation, modification or non-renewal of any such policy of insurance, a copy of a renewal or replacement policy (or other evidence of renewal of a policy previously delivered to the Collateral Agent, including an insurance binder) together with evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent of payment of the premium therefor. 
 (b) None of the Credit Parties, or their agents or employees shall be liable for any loss or damage insured by the insurance policies required to be maintained under this Section 6.07 . Each Loan Party shall look solely to its insurance companies or any other parties other than the Credit Parties for the recovery of such loss or damage and such insurance companies shall have no rights of subrogation against any Credit Party or its agents or employees. If, however, the insurance policies do not provide waiver of subrogation rights against such parties, as required above, then the Loan Parties hereby agree, to the extent permitted by law, to waive their right of recovery, if any, against the Credit Parties and their agents and employees. The designation of any form, type or amount of insurance coverage by the any Credit Party under this Section 6.07 shall in no event be deemed a representation, warranty or advice by such Credit Party that such insurance is adequate for the purposes of the business of the Loan Parties or the protection of their properties. 
 (c) Maintain for themselves, a Directors and Officers insurance policy, and a Blanket Crime policy including employee dishonesty, forgery or alteration, theft, disappearance and destruction, robbery and safe burglary, property, and computer fraud coverage with responsible companies in such amounts as are customarily carried by business entities engaged in similar businesses similarly situated, and will upon request by the Administrative Agent furnish the Administrative Agent certificates evidencing renewal of each such policy. 
 (d) Intentionally omitted. 
 (e) Subject to the limitations on inspections contained elsewhere in this Agreement, permit any representatives that are designated by the Collateral Agent to inspect the insurance policies maintained by or on behalf of the Loan Parties and to inspect books and records related thereto and any properties covered thereby, all at the Loan Parties expense. 
 11238955v2 
 103 
 11238955v21 

6.08 Compliance with Laws . Comply in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its business or property, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and with respect to which adequate reserves have been set aside and maintained by the Loan Parties in accordance with GAAP (b) such contest effectively suspends enforcement of the contested Laws and (c) the failure to comply therewith could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 6.09 Books and Records Accountants Corporate Separateness . 
 (a) (i) Maintain and cause each Subsidiary thereof to maintain, proper books of record and account, in which full, true and correct entries in conformity with GAAP consistently applied shall be made of all financial transactions and matters involving the assets and business of the Loan Parties or such Subsidiary, as the case may be and (ii) maintain such books of record and account in material conformity with all applicable requirements of any Governmental Authority having regulatory jurisdiction over the Loan Parties or such Subsidiary, as the case may be. From and after the Sixth Amendment Effective Date, take such action as may be reasonably necessary to implement and maintain inventory reporting systems for the purposes of delivering accurate Inventory detail pursuant to weekly Borrowing Base Certificates in accordance with the requirements of this Agreement (without giving effect to the proviso set forth in Section 6.02(b)(i)), which inventory reporting system updates shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (b) At all times, retain a Registered Public Accounting Firm and permit such Registered Public Accounting Firm to discuss, with respect to each Loan Party and each Subsidiary thereof, such Person s financial performance, financial condition, operating results, controls, and such other matters, within the scope of the retention of such Registered Public Accounting Firm, as may be raised by the Administrative Agent, provided , that the Lead Borrower shall be given reasonable opportunity to be present and at participate in any such discussions between the Administrative Agent and the Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 (c) Ensure that, except as otherwise permitted by this Agreement, no material assets of any Immaterial Subsidiary which holds any material assets or has any material liabilities are commingled with any material assets of any Loan Party. 
 6.10 Inspection Rights Consultants . 
 (a) With respect to each Loan Party, permit and cause its Subsidiaries to permit, representatives and independent contractors of the Administrative Agent to visit and inspect any of its or any of its Subsidiaries properties, to examine its or any of its Subsidiaries corporate, financial and operating records, and make copies thereof or abstracts therefrom, and to discuss its or any of its Subsidiaries affairs, finances and accounts with its or its Subsidiaries directors, officers, and Registered Public Accounting Firm once in any 12 month period or, during any Diligence Trigger Period, at the Administrative Agent s reasonable discretion), all at the expense of the Loan Parties and at such reasonable times during normal business hours, upon reasonable advance notice to the Lead Borrower provided , however , that during a Diligence Trigger Period, the Administrative Agent (or any of its representatives or independent contractors) may do any of the foregoing at the expense of the Loan Parties at any time during normal business hours and without advance notice. 
 (b) After reasonable prior notice from the Administrative Agent, permit the Administrative Agent or professionals (including investment bankers, consultants, accountants, lawyers and appraisers) retained by the Administrative Agent to conduct appraisals, commercial finance examinations and other evaluations, including, without limitation, appraisals, examinations and evaluations of (i) the Lead Borrower s practices in the computation of the Borrowing Base, and (ii) the personal property included in the Borrowing Base and related financial information such as, but not limited to, sales, gross margins, payables, accruals and reserves. With respect to appraisals, examinations and evaluations under clauses (b)(i) and (ii) above , (A) so long as no Diligence Trigger Period has occurred during the then current calendar year prior to the applicable appraisal or examination, the Loan Parties shall pay the reasonable and documented fees and out-of-pocket expenses of the 
 11238955v2 
 104 
 11238955v21 

Administrative Agent or such professionals for not more than one (1) appraisal of the Loan Parties Inventory and one (1) commercial finance examination during such calendar year (including one of each during the period from the Closing Date to December 15, 2015 (with no additional appraisal or commercial finance examination being required for the calendar year ending December 31, 2015)), and (B) if a Diligence Trigger Period has occurred during a calendar year, the Loan Parties shall pay the reasonable and documented fees and out-of-pocket expenses of the Administrative Agent or such professionals for not more than two (2) appraisals of the Loan Parties Inventory and two (2) commercial finance examinations during such calendar year. In addition to the foregoing, the Loan Parties shall pay the reasonable and documented fees and out-of-pocket expenses of the Administrative Agent or such professionals for (y) all other commercial finance examinations and appraisals with respect to the Collateral undertaken at any time at the request of the Administrative Agent if required by applicable Law, and (z) all commercial finance examinations and appraisals reasonably deemed necessary by the Administrative Agent and undertaken at the request of the Administrative Agent after the occurrence and the continuation of an Event of Default. 
 (c) Borrower Consultant. At all times from and after the Sixth Amendment Effective Date, the Lead Borrower shall continue to retain KPMG LLP and or its Affiliates as a third-party consultant (collectively, the Borrower Consultant ), at the sole cost and expense of the Loan Parties. The Loan Parties hereby (i) authorize the Administrative Agent (or its agents or advisors including, without limitation, the Administrative Agent Consultant) to communicate directly with the Borrower Consultant regarding any and all matters related to the Loan Parties, including, without limitation, all financial reports and projections developed, reviewed or verified by the Borrower Consultant and all additional information, reports and statements requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, and (ii) hereby authorize and direct the Borrower Consultant to provide the Administrative Agent with copies of reports and other information or materials prepared or reviewed by the Borrower Consultant as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may request including without limitation the materials described in the immediately preceding clause (i). 
 (d) Each Loan Party hereby consents to the Administrative Agent s retention of PKF Clear Thinking, LLC and or its Affiliates (collectively, the Administrative Agent Consultant ), to perform an independent business, financial and operational review of the Lead Borrower, the other Loan Parties, and their Subsidiaries, including an assessment of the Approved Budgets, and to conduct any additional analysis as reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent. The Loan Parties acknowledge that the Administrative Agent Consultant does not have any authority to bind the Administrative Agent or any other Credit Party or any counsel to any Credit Party to any agreement with any Loan Party, to make any representations or warranties on behalf of any Credit Party or any counsel to any Credit Party, or otherwise to act on behalf of any Credit Party or any counsel to any Credit Party and that the Administrative Agent Consultant may share with the Credit Parties and the Credit Parties counsel and other advisors any information obtained by the Administrative Agent Consultant during the course of the discharge of its engagement concerning Loan Parties, their financial condition, business, prospects, financial forecasts, or the Collateral. Each Loan Party agrees to provide the Administrative Agent Consultant with such information concerning such Loan Party, its financial condition, business prospects, forecasts, assets and liabilities as the Administrative Agent Consultant may request. The Loan Parties acknowledge that the Administrative Agent Consultant s fees and expenses constitute Credit Party Expenses. Each Loan Party acknowledges and agrees that neither any Credit Party nor any counsel to any Credit Party will have any liability for any wrongful acts of the Administrative Agent Consultant. Without limitation of any provisions of Section 6.19(a)-(b), the Loan Parties hereby acknowledge and agree that the Administrative Agent Consultant may communicate directly with Investment Bank regarding any matters pertaining to the Loan Parties business and financial condition, including, without limitation, any Specified Event and the Specified Refinancing Transaction, as applicable, and that the Investment Bank is authorized to provide Administrative Agent Consultant with copies of all reports, projections, presentations, and other materials relating to the foregoing. 
 6.11 Use of Proceeds . Use the proceeds of the Credit Extensions (a) to finance the acquisition of working capital assets of the Borrowers, including Permitted Acquisitions and the purchase of 
 11238955v2 
 105 
 11238955v21 

inventory and equipment, in each case in the ordinary course of business, (b) to finance Capital Expenditures of the Borrowers, and (c) for general corporate purposes of the Loan Parties, in each case to the extent permitted under applicable Law and the Loan Documents. 
 6.12 Additional Loan Parties Additional Collateral Further Assurances . 
 (a) (a) Each Loan Party shall cause each of its Domestic Subsidiaries (other than any FSHSCO, Subsidiary of a CFC, or Immaterial Subsidiary (except as otherwise provided in paragraph (d) of this Section 6.12 6.12 )) formed or acquired after the date of this Agreement in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, to become a Borrower (an Additional Borrower within fifteen (15) days thereafter by executing a Joinder Agreement and simultaneously therewith grant Liens to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Credit Parties in any property (subject to any limitations set forth in the Security Agreement) of such Additional Borrower which would constitute Collateral if such Additional Borrower were already a Borrower party hereto, on such terms as may be required pursuant to the terms of the Security Documents provided , that no joinder of any Additional Borrower shall become effective until such Additional Borrower provides all documentation and other information that the Administrative Agent or any Lender reasonably requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act. No Collateral of any Additional Borrower shall be considered for inclusion in the Borrowing Base until completion of a field examination and appraisal with results reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

Without limiting the foregoing, each Loan Party will, and will cause each Subsidiary that is a Loan Party to, execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered, to the Collateral Agent such documents, agreements and instruments, and will take or cause to be taken such further actions (including the filing and recording of financing statements and other documents and such other actions or deliveries of the type required by Section 4.01 , as applicable), which may be required by law or which the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may, from time to time, reasonably request to carry out the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and to ensure perfection and priority of the Liens created or intended to be created by the Security Documents, all at the expense of the Loan Parties, it being agreed that no Collateral Access Agreements shall be required to be furnished with respect to leased Real Estate used as retail stores provided however, that with respect to any warehouse or other storage or distribution facilities leased by any Acquired Company (excluding retail stores) in which, in the aggregate, more than 10,000,000 of Inventory is or may be located from time to time, the Borrowers shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain Collateral Access Agreements relating thereto within thirty (30) days following the First Amendment Effective Date (or such later date as approved by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), provided, further, that if Collateral Access Agreements with respect to such Inventory of the Acquired Company are not delivered within 30 days following the First Amendment Effective Date, such Inventory will be excluded from the Borrowing Base until such time as Collateral Access Agreements with respect thereto are provided. 
 (b) (c) Subject to the limitations set forth or referred to in this Section 6.12 6.12 , if any material personal property of the type constituting Collateral hereunder or under the Security Documents is acquired by any Loan Party after the Effective Date (other than assets constituting Collateral under the 
 11238955v2 
 106 
 11238955v21 

Security Documents that become subject to the Lien in favor of the Agent upon acquisition thereof), the Lead Borrower will notify the Administrative Agent thereof, and, if requested by the Administrative Agent, the Lead Borrower will cause such assets to be subjected to a Lien securing the Secured Obligations and will take, and cause the other Loan Parties, such actions as shall be necessary or reasonably requested by Administrative Agent to grant and perfect such Liens, including actions described in paragraph (b) of this Section, all at the expense of the Loan Parties provided , that the cost of perfecting such Lien is not unreasonable in relation to the benefits to the Lenders of the security afforded thereby in the Administrative Agent s reasonable business judgment after consultation with the Lead Borrower). 
 (c) (d) If, at any time and from time to time after the Effective Date, Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties because they are Immaterial Subsidiaries comprise in the aggregate more than 5.0 of Consolidated total assets of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the end of the most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Lead Borrower or more than 5.0 of Consolidated gross revenue of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters as of the end of the most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Lead Borrower, then the Lead Borrower shall, not later than 45 days after the date by which financial statements for such quarter are required to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement (or such longer period not to exceed 60 days after such date as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion), cause one or more of such Subsidiaries that are Domestic Subsidiaries to become Borrowers (notwithstanding that such Domestic Subsidiaries are, individually, Immaterial Subsidiaries) such that the foregoing condition ceases to be true. 
 (d) (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Loan Parties shall not be required to include as Collateral any Excluded Assets unless the holders of any Permitted Senior Debt request a second priority Lien upon the existing Collateral, in which case the Loan Parties shall grant to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Credit Parties, a second priority Lien in and to the Excluded Assets pursuant to an intercreditor agreement and or Security Documents acceptable to the Agents and the Required Lenders. 
 (e) (f) In no event shall compliance with this Section 6.12 6.12 waive or be deemed a waiver or Consent to any transaction giving rise to the need to comply with this Section 6.12 6.12 if such transaction was not otherwise expressly permitted by this Agreement or constitute or be deemed to constitute, with respect to any Subsidiary, an approval of such Person as a Borrower or permit the inclusion of any acquired assets in the computation of either of the Borrowing Base. 
 6.13 Cash Management . 
 (a) Deliver to the Administrative Agent 
 (i) on or prior to the Closing Date, copies of notifications (each, a DDA Notification substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit J which have been executed on behalf of such Loan Party with respect to each depository institution listed on Schedule 5.21(a) 
 (ii) on or prior to the Closing Date, copies of notifications (each, a Credit Card Notification substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit K which have been executed on behalf of such Loan Party with respect to such Loan Party s credit card clearinghouses and processors listed on Schedule 5.21(b) 
 (iii) on or prior to the Closing Date, a fully executed Blocked Account Agreement with respect to the Concentration Account designated on Schedule 5.21(a) and 
 (iv) on or prior to the Closing Date, fully executed Blocked Account Agreements or Securities Account Control Agreements satisfactory in form and substance to the Agents with each Blocked Account Bank designated on Schedule 5.21(a) and applicable securities intermediary designated on Schedule 5.21(a) (collectively, and together with any DDAs or Securities Accounts subject to a Blocked Account Agreement or Securities Account Control Agreement pursuant to Section 3.2(b) of the Security Agreement, the Blocked Accounts . 
 11238955v2 
 107 
 11238955v21 

provided, however, that from and after March 31, 2023 (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree in its discretion), the Loan Parties shall implement a cash management system satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (including, without limitation, establishing and or closing such DDAs, implementing lock box arrangements, zero balance account arrangements, and other cash collection mechanics, in each case as the Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent may mutually agree, and obtaining Blocked Account Agreements with respect to certain of the Loan Parties DDAs as the Administrative Agent may require). 
 Each DDA Notification and Credit Card Notification shall be held by the Administrative Agent until the occurrence of a Cash Dominion Trigger Event. After the occurrence and during the continuance of a Cash Dominion Trigger Event, the Administrative Agent may (and, at the request of the Required Lenders, shall) deliver each such DDA Notification and Credit Card Notification to the applicable depository institution and credit card processor. 
 (b) The Loan Parties shall transfer by ACH or wire transfer no less frequently than daily (and whether or not there are then any outstanding Secured Obligations) to a Blocked Account all amounts on deposit in each such DDA provided , that such covenant shall not apply to (i) minimum balances as may be required to be kept in the subject DDA by the depository institution at which such DDA is maintained, (ii) if greater, any amounts maintained by the Loan Parties in such DDAs (and other DDAs, with the consent of the Collateral Agent, not to be unreasonably withheld) in the ordinary course of business consistent with the past practice, or (iii) any amounts held in Excluded Accounts) and all payments due from credit card processors. 
 (c) During Except with respect to amounts constituting Excluded Cash or as may otherwise be agreed to by the Administrative Agent in writing, during any Cash Dominion Trigger Period , each Loan Party covenants that it shall cause, and each Blocked Account Agreement and Securities Account Control Agreement shall require the transfer by ACH or wire transfer no less frequently than daily (and whether or not there are then any outstanding Secured Obligations) to one of the concentration accounts designated by the Administrative Agent (collectively, the Concentration Accounts ), of all cash receipts and collections, including, without limitation, the following 
 (i) all available cash receipts from the sale of Inventory and other Collateral 
 (ii) all proceeds of collections of Accounts 
 (iii) all Net Proceeds, and all other cash payments received by a Loan Party from any Person or from any source or on account of any sale or other transaction or event, including, without limitation, any Prepayment Event 
 (iv) the proceeds of all credit card charges 
 (v) the then contents of each DDA (net of any minimum balance, not to exceed the Maximum DDA Balance, as may be required to be kept in the subject DDA by the depository institution at which such DDA is maintained) . 
 (d) During any Buy-Back Standstill Period with respect to any Loan Party, so long as no Buy-Back Trigger Period has occurred and is continuing, (i) no Ordinary Blocked Account Agreement shall require any transfer of any cash receipts or collections, and (ii) each Loan Party covenants and agrees to transfer to a Concentration Account by ACH or wire transfer no less frequently than daily all amounts on deposit in each such Blocked Account in excess of amounts that such Loan Party reasonably deems to be necessary to satisfy projected buy-back obligations under the Permitted Buy-Back Program at each Store. In addition to inspection rights permitted under Section 6.10 , the Administrative Agent shall have the right, upon reasonable prior notice to the Lead Borrower, to audit and or evaluate, or to cause professionals retained by the Administrative Agent to audit and or evaluate, the Loan Parties compliance with this Section 6.13(d) , and the Loan Parties shall pay the reasonable and documented expenses of the Administrative Agent or such professionals for such audits and evaluations. 
 11238955v2 
 108 
 11238955v21 

provided, however, with respect to (i) the Loan Parties Store collections accounts (i.e., accounts maintained for in-store cash collections by individual Stores) (each such account, a Specified Store Collection Account ), the Loan parties shall transfer by ACH or wire transfer no less frequently than once every two (2) weeks (or more frequently as shall be required to ensure that amounts on deposit therein do not at any time exceed 500,000 in the aggregate among all such Specified Store Collection Accounts) all cash on deposit in such Specified Store Collection Accounts to a Concentration Account and (ii) any DDAs used exclusively in connection with collections for Student Brands, LLC (each such account, a Specified DSS Collection Account ), the Loan parties shall transfer by ACH or wire transfer no less frequently than once every two (2) weeks (or more frequently as shall be required to ensure that amounts on deposit therein do not at any time exceed 500,000 in the aggregate among all such Specified DSS Collection Accounts) all cash on deposit in such Specified DSS Collection Accounts to a Concentration Account. 
 (d) reserved . 
 (e) If the Borrowers fail to maintain Availability of at least thirteen and a half percent (13.5 of the Aggregate Loan Cap at any time, then From and after the Sixth Amendment Effective Date the Borrowers covenant and agree that the Loan Parties will establish one or more special operating accounts Buy-Back Trigger Period Accounts that can only be funded with Borrowings of Committed Loans in accordance with clause (g) of this Section 6.13 . 
 (f) During any Buy-Back Trigger Period, each Ordinary Blocked Account Agreement shall require the transfer by ACH or wire transfer no less frequently than daily (and whether or not there are then any outstanding Secured Obligations) to a Concentration Account of all cash receipts and collections, including, without limitation, the following 
 (i) all available cash receipts from the sale of Inventory and other Collateral 
 (f) (ii) all proceeds of collections of Accounts reserved . 
 (iii) all Net Proceeds, and all other cash payments received by a Loan Party from any Person or from any source or on account of any sale or other transaction or event, including, without limitation, any Disposition giving rise to a mandatory prepayment under Section 2.05(e) 
 (iv) the proceeds of all credit card charges 
 (v) the then contents of each DDA (net of any minimum balance, not to exceed the Maximum DDA Balance, as may be required to be kept in the subject DDA by the depository institution at which such DDA is maintained). 
 (g) During any Buy-Back Trigger Period, Borrowings of Committed Loans may be deposited in Buy-Back Trigger Period Accounts and the amounts on deposit in such Buy-Back Trigger Period Accounts may only be applied to fund Permitted Buy-Back Programs or, upon the expiration of the applicable Permitted Buy-Back Programs or the occurrence of an Event of Default, to the prepayment of the Obligations then outstanding under and in accordance with the Credit this Agreement provided , that, except as otherwise provided in Section 8.03 , upon payment in full of such outstanding Obligations, any remaining amounts will be released and transferred to a deposit account of the Loan Parties as the Lead Borrower shall direct. 
 (h) The Concentration Account shall at all times be under the sole dominion and control of the Collateral Agent. The Loan Parties hereby acknowledge and agree that (i) the Loan Parties have no right of withdrawal from the Concentration Account, (ii) the funds on deposit in the Concentration Account shall at all times be collateral security for all of the Secured Obligations and (iii) the funds on deposit in the Concentration Account shall be applied in accordance with Sections 2.05(d) and 2.05(f) and as otherwise provided in this Agreement. In the event that, if notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 6.13 , any Loan Party receives or otherwise has dominion and control of any such proceeds or collections (other than as expressly permitted by this Section 6.13) , such proceeds and 
 11238955v2 
 109 
 11238955v21 

collections shall be held in trust by such Loan Party for the Administrative Agent, shall not be commingled with any of such Loan Party s other funds or deposited in any account of such Loan Party and shall, not later than the Business Day after receipt thereof, be deposited into the Concentration Account or dealt with in such other fashion as such Loan Party may be instructed by the Administrative Agent. During the continuation of a Cash Dominion Trigger Event Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement , the amounts deposited into the Concentration Account shall be applied to the prepayment of the Obligations then outstanding provided , that except as otherwise provided in Section 8.03 , upon payment in full of such outstanding Obligations, any remaining amounts will be released and transferred to a deposit account of the Loan Parties as the Lead Borrower shall direct and the existence of a Cash Dominion Trigger Event described in clause (b) of the definition thereof shall not, in and of itself, impair the right of the Borrowers to Committed Loans in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 (i) Upon the request of the Administrative Agent, the Loan Parties shall cause bank statements and or other reports to be delivered to the Administrative Agent not less often than monthly, accurately setting forth all amounts deposited in each Blocked Account to ensure the proper transfer of funds as set forth above. 
 6.14 Information Regarding the Collateral . Furnish to the Administrative Agent (a) at least seven (7) days prior written notice (unless such period is waived or shortened as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) of any change in (i) any Loan Party s name or in any trade name used to identify it in the conduct of its business or in the ownership of its properties (ii) any Loan Party s organizational structure or jurisdiction of incorporation or formation or (iii) any Loan Party s Federal Taxpayer Identification Number or organizational identification number assigned to it by its state of organization and (b) no later than five (5) days after any such change (unless such period is waived or extended as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) of any change in the location of any Loan Party s chief executive office, its principal place of business, and any office in which it maintains a material portion of its books or records relating to Collateral owned by it. 
 6.15 Physical Inventories . 
 (a) Prior to an Event of Default, cause one (1) physical inventory to be undertaken in each twelve month period at the Loan Parties Stores, at the expense of the Loan Parties, and periodic cycle counts at the Loan Parties distribution centers, in each case consistent with past practices, conducted by such inventory takers as are satisfactory to the Collateral Agent in its Permitted Discretion and following such methodology as is consistent with the methodology used in the immediately preceding inventory or as otherwise may be satisfactory to the Collateral Agent. The Collateral Agent, at the expense of the Loan Parties, may participate in and or observe each scheduled physical count of Inventory which is undertaken on behalf of any Loan Party at any Material Storage Location and up to eight (8) Stores reasonably selected by the Collateral Agent. The Lead Borrower, within forty-five (45) days (or such longer period as may be agreed to by the Collateral Agent in its reasonable discretion) following the fiscal month in which completion of such inventory occurs, shall provide the Collateral Agent with a reconciliation of the results of such inventory (as well as of any other physical inventory or cycle counts undertaken by a Loan Party) and shall post such results to the Loan Parties stock ledgers and general ledgers, as applicable. 
 (b) The Collateral Agent, in its reasonable discretion, if any Default exists, may cause additional such inventories to be taken as the Collateral Agent reasonably determines (each, at the expense of the Loan Parties) on behalf of the Lenders . 
 6.16 Licensed Merchandise Account . So long as no Cash Dominion Trigger Period is in effect, the Borrowers shall cause an amount equal to the estimated Revenue Share amount owing to FLC under the Merchandising Agreement for the preceding week to be deposited into the Licensed Merchandise Account at least weekly, or if required more frequently under the Licensed Merchandise Side-Letter, as frequently as required thereunder. During any Cash Dominion Trigger Period, the The Borrowers shall cause an amount equal to the estimated Revenue Share amount owing to FLC under the 
 11238955v2 
 110 
 11238955v21 

Merchandising Agreement for the preceding day to be deposited into the Licensed Merchandise Account daily. 
 6.17 Intentionally Omitted. 
 6.18 Intentionally Omitted. 
 6.17 6.19 Compliance with ERISA . Cause, and cause each of its ERISA Affiliates to (a) maintain each Pension Plan in compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other federal or state law (b) cause each Pension Plan which is qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code to maintain such qualification and (c) make all required contributions to any Pension Plan subject to Section 412 of the Code. 
 6.20 Intentionally Omitted. 
 6.18 6.21 Anti-Corruption Laws Sanctions . Conduct its businesses in all material respects in compliance with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010, and other applicable anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions and with all applicable Sanctions, and maintain policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws and Sanctions. 
 6.19 Specified Event Refinancing . 
 (a) Specified Event. 
 (i) At all times after the Sixth Amendment Effective Date, the Loan Parties shall engage and retain Investment Bank, on terms approved by the Administrative Agent, to, among other things, assist with a Specified Event. 
 (ii) The Lead Borrower shall diligently pursue a Specified Event pursuant to a process reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, which shall include milestones reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (satisfaction of which is not required by the terms of this Agreement and the failure of the Borrowers to satisfy such milestones shall not constitute a Default or an Event of Default (for the avoidance of doubt except with respect to Section 6.19(a)(iii) below)). 
 (iii) No later than May 31, 2023 at 5 00 p.m. (Eastern time), or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree in its sole discretion (unless the Required Lenders otherwise direct the Administrative Agent in writing), the Lead Borrower shall have consummated any Specified Event. 
 (iv) The proceeds of each Specified Event shall be deposited into the Concentration Account and applied to the payment of the Obligations then outstanding in accordance with Section 2.05(d) of this Agreement. 
 (b) Refinancing. 
 (i) At all times after the Sixth Amendment Effective Date, the Lead Borrower shall continue to engage and retain Investment Bank, and cause Investment Bank to, among other things, begin pursuing commitments from third party financial institutions or other lenders for one or more credit facilities or other financing transactions, the net proceeds of which would be sufficient to cause all Secured Obligations to be Fully Satisfied (collectively, a Specified Refinancing Transaction ), and the Lead Borrower shall provide Administrative Agent with evidence of its compliance with this Section 6.19(b)(i) (including, without limitation, by providing Administrative Agent with a copy of an executed engagement letter between the Lead 
 11238955v2 
 111 
 11238955v21 

Borrower and the Investment Bank), it being understood that such evidence shall be subject to any applicable confidentiality provisions set forth in this Agreement. 
 (ii) In connection with pursuing a Specified Refinancing Transaction, (A) by no later than May 15, 2023 or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree in its sole discretion (unless the Required Lenders otherwise direct the Administrative Agent in writing), the Lead Borrower shall cause Investment Bank to contact prospective lenders as may be necessary in Investment Bank s professional judgment to lead to a successful closing of a Specified Refinancing Transaction, and the Lead Borrower shall provide Administrative Agent with evidence of its compliance with this Section 6.19(b)(ii) and (B) the Lead Borrower shall (and shall cause Investment Bank to) comply with such other milestones as may be necessary in Investment Bank s professional judgment (which milestones shall be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) to lead to a successful closing of a Specified Refinancing Transaction. 
 (c) The Loan Parties shall cause the Investment Bank to provide the Administrative Agent with a listing of all parties contacted by the Investment Bank regarding any Specified Event and copies of all Specified Event-related materials (all of which the Administrative Agent may distribute to the Lenders (subject to any applicable confidentiality provisions set forth in this Agreement)). The Loan Parties shall cause Investment Bank to (A) provide weekly updates regarding any Specified Event to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (which shall be led by the Investment Bank and shall include providing a written summary update (which shall be subject to any applicable confidentiality provisions set forth in this Agreement) of the current involvement of all parties contacted by the Investment Bank regarding any Specified Event and a written summary (which shall be subject to any applicable confidentiality provisions set forth in this Agreement) of the material terms of all actionable letters of intent, indications of interest, and purchase agreements received to date (together with copies of same)) and (B) be available to discuss any Specified Event with the Administrative Agent and the Lenders upon request made upon reasonable advance notice. The Lead Borrower shall promptly (and in any event within two (2) Business Days) respond to all other material or information requests regarding any Specified Event reasonably made by the Administrative Agent or the Lenders to the Lead Borrower. 
 (d) Teleconferences. At the Administrative Agent s request, not less than monthly, the Loan Parties shall be available to conduct a telephonic meeting in which the respective representatives of the Lead Borrower, each other Loan Party, the Administrative Agent, and their respective advisors and counsel shall be entitled to participate, whereupon the Lead Borrower shall present, among other things, an update on the Loan Parties cash flow, changes in management and or organizational structure, business operations, and financial performance and updates regarding their efforts to obtain a Specified Refinancing Transaction, including prospective lenders contacted, diligence information provided, proposals or commitments received and the status of negotiation and documentation of such replacement financing, and the Lead Borrower shall promptly provide copies of any such proposals, commitments or other documents to the Administrative Agent. 
 ARTICLE VII NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 So long as any Obligation (other than contingent indemnification obligations for which no claim has been asserted) hereunder shall not be Fully Satisfied, no Loan Party shall 
 7.01 Liens . Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property, assets or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired or sign or file or suffer to exist under the UCC or any similar Law or statute of any jurisdiction a financing statement that names any Loan Party as debtor or sign or suffer to exist any security agreement authorizing any Person thereunder to file such financing statement, other than the following (each of the following, a Permitted Encumbrance 
 (a) Liens pursuant to any Loan Document 
 11238955v2 
 112 
 11238955v21 

(b) Liens existing on the date hereof and listed on Schedule 7.01 and any renewals or extensions thereof, provided , that (i) the property covered thereby is not changed, (ii) the amount secured or benefited thereby is not increased, (iii) the direct or any contingent obligor with respect thereto is not changed, and (iv) any renewal or extension of the obligations secured or benefited thereby is otherwise permitted by Section 7.03(b) 
 (c) Liens imposed by law for Taxes that are not yet due or are being contested in compliance with Section 6.04 
 (d) carriers , warehousemen s, mechanics , materialmen s, repairmen s and other like Liens imposed by applicable Law, arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations that are not overdue by more than thirty (30) days or are being contested in compliance with Section 6.04 
 (e) pledges and deposits made in the ordinary course of business in compliance with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security laws or regulations, other than any Lien imposed by ERISA 
 (f) Landlords and lessors Liens in respect of obligations not in default 
 (g) deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts and leases (other than Indebtedness), statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business 
 (h) Liens relating to Real Estate consisting of easements, covenants, conditions, restrictions, building code laws, zoning restrictions, rights-of-way and similar encumbrances on real property and interests of tenants, subtenants, licensees and other occupants, only as tenants, subtenants, licensees or other occupants, as applicable, under any lease, sublease, license agreement, or other occupancy agreement, in each case, imposed by law or arising in the ordinary course of business that do not secure any Indebtedness and do not materially detract from the value of the affected property or materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of business of a Loan Party and such other minor title defects or survey matters that are disclosed by current surveys that, in each case, do not materially interfere with the current use of the real property 
 (i) Liens in respect of judgments for the payment of money that would not constitute an Event of Default under Section 8.01(h) 
 (j) Liens on fixed or capital assets acquired by any Loan Party which are permitted under Section 7.03(e) so long as (i) such Liens and the Indebtedness secured thereby are incurred prior to or within one hundred twenty (120) days after such acquisition, (ii) the Indebtedness secured thereby does not exceed the cost or fair market value, whichever is lower, of the property being acquired on the date of acquisition and (iii) such Liens shall not extend to any other property or assets of the Loan Parties 
 (k) possessory Liens in favor of brokers and dealers arising in connection with the acquisition or disposition of Investments owned as of the date hereof and Permitted Investments, provided , that such liens (a) attach only to such Investments and (b) secure only obligations incurred in the ordinary course and arising in connection with the acquisition or disposition of such Investments and not any obligation in connection with margin financing 
 (l) subject in all respects to the terms and conditions of the Merchandising Agreement Side Letter, Liens in favor of FLC on the Licensed Merchandise and proceeds thereof in accordance with the Merchandising Agreement and, subject to the terms and conditions of the Merchandising Agreement Side Letter (including the requirement of release of liens on proceeds of Licensed Merchandise in accordance therewith), a first priority Lien in favor of FLC with respect to the Licensed Merchandise Account pursuant to a deposit account control agreement in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion 
 11238955v2 
 113 
 11238955v21 

(m) banker s liens, liens in favor of securities intermediaries, rights of setoff or similar rights and remedies as to deposit accounts or securities accounts or other funds maintained with depository institutions or securities intermediaries 
 (n) Liens arising from precautionary UCC filings 
 (o) Liens on property (other than property of the type included in the Borrowing Base) in existence at the time such property is acquired pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition or on such property of a Loan Party in existence at the time such Loan Party is acquired pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition provided , that (x) such Liens are not incurred in connection with or in anticipation of such Permitted Acquisition and do not attach to any other assets of any Loan Party and (y) the Borrowers shall use commercially reasonable efforts to remove any such Liens described in this clause (o) which are involuntary 
 (p) from and after the expiration of the Bridge Loan Period, Liens securing Indebtedness under the Permitted Senior Debt, provided , that (i) the holders of such Indebtedness shall only be granted first priority Liens upon the Excluded Assets and (ii) if the holders of such Indebtedness are granted a Lien upon all or any portion of the Collateral, (A) such Lien shall be subject and subordinate to the Liens upon the Collateral under the Loan Documents and (B) the Loan Parties shall grant to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Credit Parties, a security interest (which may be subordinate to the Lien in favor of the holders of the Permitted Senior Debt) in and to all property and assets (including without limitation Excluded Assets) on which the holders of the Permitted Senior Debt are granted a first priority Lien pursuant to an amendment to the Security Agreement and or such other security instruments in form and substance acceptable to the Required Lenders 
 (q) Liens in favor of customs and revenues authorities imposed by applicable Law arising in the ordinary course of business in connection with the importation of goods and securing obligations (i) that are not overdue by more than thirty (30) days, or (ii)(A) that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (B) the applicable Loan Party has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP and (C) such contest effectively suspends collection of the contested obligation and enforcement of any Lien securing such obligation 
 (r) Liens in connection with any sale-leasebacks permitted by clause (h) of Section 7.05 provided , that no such Lien shall extend to cover any property or asset of such Loan Party other than the lease entered into in connection with any such sale-leaseback 
 (s) Liens consisting of cash deposits in an amount not to exceed 10,000,000 securing the obligations of the Borrowers under Bank Products permitted under Section 7.03(d) 
 (t) in connection with the sale or transfer of all of the Equity Interests of a Subsidiary in a transaction permitted by Section 7.05 , customary rights and restrictions contained in agreements relating to such sale or transfer pending the completion thereof 
 (u) in the case of a Subsidiary that is not a wholly-owned Subsidiary, any put and call arrangements related to its Equity Interests set forth in its Organizational Documents or any related joint venture or similar agreement and 
 (v) (i) during the Bridge Loan Period for so long as the Intercreditor Agreement remains in full force and effect with respect thereto, second priority Liens on the Collateral securing the Subordinated Term Loan Obligations (or, if applicable, any replacement thereof pursuant to a Qualifying Refinancing Transaction) in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 30,000,000 (plus paid-in-kind interest thereon) and (ii) from and after the expiration of the Bridge Loan Period, Liens on Excluded Assets or second priority Liens on the Collateral securing other Permitted Indebtedness under Section 7.03(k) that does not exceed 75,000,000 in the aggregate in addition to those Liens permitted by Section 7.01(a) through (u), provided , that (x) in the case of Liens on Excluded Assets, if requested by the Administrative Agent, the holder of such Lien first enters into an intercreditor agreement reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent providing for or protecting the right of the Agents to dispose of, or otherwise enforce Liens upon, the Collateral and (y) in the case of Liens on the Collateral, the holder of 
 11238955v2 
 114 
 11238955v21 

such Lien first enters into an intercreditor agreement reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent providing for the subordination of subordinated debt payments (other than permitted subordinated debt payments as may be agreed) to payment in full of the Secured Obligations and subordination of such Liens to the Administrative Agent s Lien. 
 7.02 Investments . Make any Investments, except for the following (each a Permitted Investment 
 (a) Investments existing on the Closing Date and set forth on Schedule 7.02 or any continuation or roll-over of any such Investment, so long as the amount thereof is not increased 
 (b) Investments by the Lead Borrower and the other Loan Parties in the form of (i) readily marketable obligations issued or directly and fully guaranteed or insured by the United States of America or any agency or instrumentality thereof having maturities of not more than 360 days from the date of acquisition thereof provided , that the full faith and credit of the United States of America is pledged in support thereof (ii) notes, bonds or other obligations of states, counties, and municipalities of the United States that are rated not less than MIG1 or VMIG1 (iii) time deposits with, or insured certificates of deposit or bankers acceptances of, any commercial bank or trust company that (1) (A) is a Lender or (B) is organized under the laws of the United States of America, any state thereof or the District of Columbia or is the principal banking subsidiary of a bank holding company organized under the laws of the United States of America, any state thereof or the District of Columbia, and is a member of the Federal Reserve System, or (C) is a Foreign Bank that has an agency, branch or representative bank with a domestic U.S. license and (2) issues (or the parent of which issues) commercial paper rated at least Prime-1 (or the then equivalent grade) by Moody s or at least A-1 (or the then equivalent grade) by S&P and (D) has combined capital and surplus of at least 40,000,000,000 (or 50,000,000,000 in the case of any such Foreign Bank), in each case with maturities of not more than 180 days from the date of acquisition thereof (iv) commercial paper issued by any Person organized under the laws of any state of the United States of America and rated at least Prime-1 (or the then equivalent grade) by Moody s or at least A-1 (or the then equivalent grade) by S&P, in each case with maturities of not more than 270 days from the date of acquisition thereof (v) fully collateralized repurchase agreements with a term of not more than thirty (30) days for securities described in clause (i) above (without regard to the limitation on maturity contained in such clause) and entered into with a financial institution satisfying the criteria described in clause (iii) above or with any primary dealer and having a market value at the time that such repurchase agreement is entered into of not less than 100 of the repurchase obligation of such counterparty entity with whom such repurchase agreement has been entered into (vi) Investments, classified in accordance with GAAP as current assets of the Loan Parties, in any money market fund, mutual fund, or other investment companies that are registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, which are administered by financial institutions that have the highest rating obtainable from either Moody s or S&P, and which invest solely in one or more of the types of securities described in clauses (i) through (v) above 
 (b) reserved 
 (c) advances to officers, directors and employees of the Lead Borrower and the other Loan Parties in an aggregate amount not to exceed 5,000,000 50,000 at any time outstanding, for travel, entertainment, relocation and analogous ordinary business purposes. 
 (d) (i) Investments by any Loan Party in their respective Subsidiaries outstanding on the date hereof, and (ii) additional Investments by any Loan Party in Loan Parties 
 (e) Investments consisting of extensions of credit in the nature of accounts receivable or notes receivable arising from the grant of trade credit in the ordinary course of business, and Investments received in satisfaction or partial satisfaction thereof from financially troubled account debtors to the extent reasonably necessary in order to prevent or limit loss 
 (f) Guarantees constituting Permitted Indebtedness 
 11238955v2 
 115 
 11238955v21 

(g) so long as no FILO Loan is outstanding immediately prior to or after giving effect thereto, Investments constituting Permitted Acquisitions 
 (h) Investments in Permitted Self-Insurance Programs not to exceed 25,000,000 in the aggregate 
 (i) Investments received in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of, or settlement of delinquent accounts and disputes with, customers and suppliers, in each case in the ordinary course of business 
 (j) Investments by any Loan Party in Swap Contracts permitted hereunder 
 (k) without duplication of Investments permitted pursuant to clauses (a) through (j) above and (l) below, other Investments, provided , that (i) during the Bridge Loan Period, (A) no such Investment shall be permitted to be made if a Default has occurred and is continuing and (B) the aggregate amount invested during the Bridge Loan Period shall not exceed 5,000,000 0 and (ii) after the expiration of the Bridge Loan Period, such Investments shall be permitted so long as (A) no Default shall have occurred or shall arise as a result of such Investment, (B) Projected Excess Availability and Pro Forma Excess Availability as of the date of consummation of such Investment will be equal to or greater than twelve and one half percent (12.5 of the Aggregate Loan Cap, (C) the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, on a pro forma basis for the Measurement Period immediately prior to such Investment, will be equal to or greater than 1.0 to 1.0, and (D) the Lead Borrower shall have delivered written certification as to satisfaction, and a reasonably detailed calculation, of items (A) (D) above five (5) Business Days prior to the date of such Investment and 
 (l) Solely to the extent made prior to the Sixth Amendment Effective Date, Investments in Immaterial Subsidiaries made after the Closing Date (in addition to any Investments permitted pursuant to clause (h) above prior to the Sixth Amendment Effective Date in an aggregate amount invested at any time during the term of the Credit this Agreement not to exceed 60,000,000. 
 provided , however , that notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) after the occurrence and during the continuance of a Cash Dominion Trigger Event, no such Investments specified in clause (b) shall be permitted unless either (A) no Loans are then outstanding, or (B) the Investment is a temporary Investment pending expiration of an Interest Period for a Term SOFR Loan, the proceeds of which Investment will be applied to the Obligations after the expiration of such Interest Period, and (ii) such Investments shall be pledged to the Collateral Agent as collateral for the Secured Obligations pursuant to such agreements as may be reasonably required by the Collateral Agent. 
 7.03 Indebtedness Disqualified Stock . Issue Disqualified Stock or create, incur, assume, guarantee, suffer to exist, issue or otherwise become or remain liable with respect to, any Indebtedness, except the following Permitted Indebtedness 
 (a) the Secured Obligations 
 (b) Indebtedness outstanding on the date hereof and listed on Schedule 7.03 and any Permitted Refinancings thereof 
 (c) Indebtedness of any Loan Party to any other Loan Party and guaranties by any Loan Party of any Indebtedness of any other Loan Party otherwise permitted hereunder 
 (d) obligations (contingent or otherwise) of any Loan Party existing or arising under any Swap Contract, provided , that (i) such obligations are (or were) entered into by such Person in the ordinary course of business for the purpose of directly mitigating risks associated with liabilities, commitments, investments, assets, or property held or reasonably anticipated by such Person, or changes in the value of securities issued by such Person, and not for purposes of speculation or taking a market view and (ii) such Swap Contract does not contain any provision exonerating the non-defaulting party from its obligation to make payments on outstanding transactions to the defaulting party provided , that 
 11238955v2 
 116 
 11238955v21 

the aggregate notional amount of all such Swap Contracts shall not exceed 125,000,000 at any time outstanding 
 (e) without duplication of Indebtedness described in clause (g) of this definition, purchase money Indebtedness of any Loan Party to finance the acquisition of any fixed or capital assets, including Capital Lease Obligations, and any Indebtedness assumed in connection with the acquisition of any such assets or secured by a Lien on any such assets prior to the acquisition thereof, and any Permitted Refinancing thereof, provided , however , that the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness permitted by this clause (e) shall not exceed 60,000,000 at any time outstanding and provided , further , that, if requested by the Collateral Agent with respect to any Material Storage Location, the Loan Parties shall cause the holders of such Indebtedness to enter into a Collateral Access Agreement on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent 
 (f) contingent liabilities under surety bonds or similar instruments incurred in the ordinary course of business 
 (g) Indebtedness with respect to the deferred purchase price for any Permitted Acquisition, provided , that such Indebtedness does not require the payment in cash of principal (other than in respect of working capital adjustments) prior to the Maturity Date, has a maturity which extends beyond the Maturity Date, and is subordinated to the Secured Obligations on terms reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent 
 (h) Indebtedness of any Loan Party that exists at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary of a Loan Party pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition (other than Indebtedness incurred in contemplation of such Person s becoming a Subsidiary of a Loan Party) and any Permitted Refinancing thereof as long as, in the case of any sale-leaseback transaction permitted hereunder with respect to any Material Storage Location, the Collateral Agent shall have received from such purchaser or transferee a Collateral Access Agreement on terms and conditions reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent 
 (i) intentionally omitted 
 (j) after the expiration of the Bridge Loan Period, so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing as of the date of incurrence thereof, including as a result of a breach of Section 7.15 (calculating the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, if applicable, on a pro forma basis) and, unless all of the FILO Lenders otherwise agree at any time that the Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments exceed 0, so long as the incurrence of such Indebtedness would result in a permanent reduction of the Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments in accordance with Section 2.18(e) , the Permitted Senior Debt and any Permitted Refinancing thereof 
 (k) (i) during the Bridge Loan Period so long as the Intercreditor Agreement is in full force and effect with respect thereto, Subordinated Term Loan Obligations (or, if applicable, any replacement obligations in respect thereof pursuant to a Qualifying Refinancing Transaction) in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 30,000,000 (plus paid-in-kind interest thereon) at any time outstanding, and (ii) after the expiration of the Bridge Loan Period, other Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 75,000,000 at any time outstanding 
 (l) Indebtedness owed to any Person providing worker s compensation, health, disability or other employee benefits or property, casualty insurance or liability insurance, pursuant to reimbursement or indemnification obligations to such Person, in each case, incurred in the ordinary course of business and 
 (m) Indebtedness owed in respect of any overdrafts and related liabilities arising from Cash Management Services or any other treasury, depositary and cash management services or in connection with any ACH transfer of funds. 
 7.04 Fundamental Changes . Merge, dissolve, liquidate, consolidate with or into another Person (including, in each case, pursuant to a Division), or agree to do any of the 
 11238955v2 
 117 
 11238955v21 

foregoing, except that, so long as no Default shall have occurred and be continuing prior to or immediately after giving effect to any action described below or would result therefrom 
 (a) any Loan Party other than the Lead Borrower may merge with or into another Loan Party , provided that in the case of any such transaction involving a Borrower, a Borrower shall be the surviving entity and 
 (b) in connection with a Permitted Acquisition, any Loan Party may merge with or into or consolidate with any other Person or permit any other Person to merge with or into or consolidate with it provided , that such Loan Party is the surviving Person. 
 7.05 Dispositions . Make any Disposition, except the following (each a Permitted Disposition 
 (a) Dispositions of Equipment in the ordinary course of business that is substantially worn, damaged, obsolete or, in the judgment of a Loan Party, no longer useful or necessary in its business and is not replaced with similar property having at least equivalent value 
 (b) Dispositions of Inventory in the ordinary course of business 
 (c) Store closings (including the termination or non-renewal of any applicable Lease or contract), bulk sales or other dispositions of the Inventory of a Loan Party conducted in orderly fashion in accordance with the applicable Store contract or otherwise and otherwise typical for the college bookseller industry Customary Dispositions ), provided , that any other Store closures and related Inventory dispositions that are not Customary Dispositions shall be permitted hereunder so long as such closures and dispositions shall not exceed (i) in any Fiscal Year of the Lead Borrower, ten percent (10.0 of the number of the Loan Parties Store contracts as of the beginning of such Fiscal Year (net of new Store openings) and (ii) in the aggregate from and after the Closing Date, twenty-five percent (25.0 of the number of such Loan Parties Store contracts in existence as of the Closing Date (net of new Store openings) 
 (d) Dispositions of Inventory constituting Licensed Merchandise in accordance with the Merchandising Agreement and the E-Commerce Agreement 
 (e) non-exclusive licenses of Intellectual Property of a Loan Party in the ordinary course of business 
 (f) sales, transfers and dispositions by any Loan Party to a Borrower 
 (g) sales, transfers and dispositions of any Immaterial Subsidiary to another Person provided, however, that the total assets and gross revenue of all Immaterial Subsidiaries disposed of from and after the Second Amendment Effective Date shall not exceed five percent (5 of (i) the Consolidated total assets of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries and (ii) the Consolidated gross revenue of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries, respectively 
 (h) as long as no Default then exists or would arise therefrom and each of the Agents shall have consented in writing thereto in writing , sales of Real Estate of any Loan Party (or sales of any Person or Persons created to hold such Real Estate or the equity interests in such Person or Persons) in an aggregate amount disposed of at any time during the Bridge Loan Period not to exceed 10,000,000, including sale-leaseback transactions involving any such Real Estate pursuant to leases on market terms, as long as, in the case of any sale-leaseback transaction permitted hereunder with respect to any Material Storage Location, the Collateral Agent shall have received from such purchaser or transferee a Collateral Access Agreement on terms and conditions reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent 
 (i) any Disposition of Real Estate to a Governmental Authority as a result of the condemnation of such Real Estate 
 11238955v2 
 118 
 11238955v21 

(j) as long as each of the Agents shall have consented thereto in writing, Dispositions of Excluded Assets in accordance with any intercreditor agreement or Security Documents applicable thereto in an aggregate amount disposed of at any time during the Bridge Loan Period not to exceed 10,000,000 and not constituting Material IP 
 (k) termination or non-renewal of a Lease and granting a lease, sublease, license or other occupancy interest with respect to any owned Real Estate or any real property subject to a Lease, in each case, so long as such action could not reasonably be expected to result in Material Adverse Effect and 
 (l) as long as no Default exists or would arise therefrom and without duplication of Dispositions permitted pursuant to clauses (a) through (k) above, other Dispositions, provided , that (i) during the Bridge Loan Period, the aggregate fair market value of all assets Disposed of in reliance on this paragraph (l) shall not exceed (x) solely with respect to a Qualifying Disposition any other Disposition constituting a Specified Event provided the Net Proceeds of which thereof are applied to prepay Indebtedness as contemplated in in accordance with the terms of Section 2.05(e)(ii) , (1) the aggregate amount necessary to prepay all outstanding FILO Loans and all outstanding Subordinated Term Loan Obligations as of the date of such Disposition plus (2) any unused amount under the following subclause (y), and (y) with respect to any Disposition that is not a Qualifying Disposition, an amount not to exceed, during any Fiscal Year of the Lead Borrower, 35,000,000 (less any amount used pursuant to the foregoing subclause (x)(2)), and (ii) after the expiration of the Bridge Loan Period, the aggregate fair market value of all assets Disposed of in reliance upon this paragraph (l), shall not exceed 35,000,000 during any Fiscal Year of the Lead Borrower (provided, further that any Disposition during a Fiscal Year shall be deducted from the maximum Disposition amount under this paragraph (l) during such Fiscal Year regardless of whether such Disposition occurred before or after the expiration of the Bridge Loan Period), and in either case if such Disposition gives rise to a mandatory prepayment obligation under Section 2.05(e) , proceeds thereof are applied in accordance with Section 2.05(e) and, if applicable, Section 2.05(f) . . 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, no Material IP shall be permitted to be transferred (including by way of an exclusive license, investment, Disposition, designation as an Immaterial Subsidiary or otherwise), or come to be owned by, any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party. 
 7.06 Restricted Payments . Make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, except that, so long as no Default shall have occurred and be continuing prior to or immediately after giving effect to any action described below or would result therefrom, including no Event of Default arising as a result of a breach of Section 7.15 (calculating the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio on a pro forma basis) 
 (a) each Loan Party may make Restricted Payments to any Loan Party 
 (b) the Loan Parties may declare and make dividend payments or other distributions payable solely in the common stock or other Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Stock) of such Person and 
 (c) after the expiration of the Bridge Loan Period, Specified Tax Payments and 
 (d) after the expiration of the Bridge Loan Period, so long as no FILO Loan is outstanding immediately prior to and or immediately after giving effect to any transaction contemplated by this clause (d), the Lead Borrower may pay other cash dividends on its Equity Interests (excluding Disqualified Stock) and repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire Equity Interests issued by it if, after giving effect to such transaction or payment, either (i) Pro Forma Excess Availability and Projected Excess Availability as of the date of consummation of such payment will be equal to or greater than twenty percent (20.0 of the Aggregate Loan Cap, or (ii) (A) Projected Excess Availability and Pro Forma Excess Availability as of the date of consummation of such payment will be equal to or greater than fifteen percent (15.0 of the Aggregate Loan Cap and (B) the Consolidated Adjusted Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, on a pro-forma basis for the Measurement Period immediately prior to such transaction or payment, will be equal to or greater than 1.10 to 1.00, and, in either case, the Lead Borrower shall have 
 11238955v2 
 119 
 11238955v21 

delivered written certification as to and a reasonably detailed calculation of demonstrating compliance with either clause (i) or clause (ii) above, as applicable, five (5) Business Days prior to the date of such transaction or payment. 
 7.07 Prepayments of Indebtedness . Prepay, redeem, purchase, defease or otherwise satisfy, in each case, prior to the scheduled maturity thereof in any manner any Material Indebtedness for borrowed money (other than Indebtedness under the Loan Documents), except that, so long as no Default shall have occurred and be continuing prior to or immediately after giving effect to any action described below or would result therefrom, including no Event of Default arising as a result of a breach of Section 7.15 (calculating the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio on a pro forma basis) 
 (a) regularly scheduled or mandatory repayments, repurchases, redemptions or defeasances of Permitted Indebtedness 
 (b) (i) the Lead Borrower may voluntarily prepay, redeem, purchase, defease or otherwise satisfy, in each case, prior to the scheduled maturity thereof in any manner the Subordinated Term Loan Obligations if and to the extent permitted in the Intercreditor Agreement and to the extent required pursuant to Section 2.05(e)(ii), (ii) after the expiration of the Bridge Loan Period, the Lead Borrower may voluntarily prepay, redeem, purchase, defease or otherwise satisfy, in each case, prior to the scheduled maturity thereof in any manner any Material Indebtedness for borrowed money if, after giving effect to such payment, redemption, purchase, defeasance or other prepayment transaction, i) either A) either (x) Projected Excess Availability and Pro Forma Excess Availability as of the date of consummation of such payment will be equal to or greater than twenty percent (20.0 of the Aggregate Loan Cap, or B y (1) Projected Excess Availability and Pro Forma Excess Availability as of the date of consummation of such payment will be equal to or greater than twelve and one half percent (12.5 of the Aggregate Loan Cap and (2) the Consolidated Adjusted Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, on a pro-forma basis for the Measurement Period immediately prior to such transaction or payment, will be equal to or greater than 1.00 to 1.00, and ii B the Lead Borrower shall have delivered written certification as to and a reasonably detailed calculation of item i A above seven (7) days prior to the date of such transaction or payment and 
 (c) Permitted Refinancings of certain Permitted Indebtedness in accordance with Section 7.03 . 
 7.08 Change in Nature of Business . Engage in any line of business substantially different from the Business. 
 7.09 Transactions with Affiliates . Enter into, renew, extend or be a party to any transaction of any kind with any Affiliate of any Loan Party, whether or not in the ordinary course of business, other than on fair and reasonable terms substantially as favorable to the Loan Parties as would be obtainable by the Loan Parties at the time in a comparable arm s length transaction with a Person other than an Affiliate, provided, that the foregoing restriction shall not apply to the Spin-Off Agreements or any transaction between or among the Loan Parties not prohibited hereunder. 
 7.10 Burdensome Agreements . Enter into, permit any Subsidiary to enter into, or permit to exist any Contractual Obligation (other than this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any Loan Document (as defined in the Subordinated Term Loan Agreement)) that (a) limits the ability (i) of any Subsidiary to make Restricted Payments or other distributions to any Loan Party or to otherwise transfer property to or invest in a Loan Party, (ii) of any Subsidiary to Guarantee the Secured Obligations, (iii) of any Subsidiary to make or repay loans to a Loan Party, or (iv) of the Loan Parties or any Subsidiary to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist Liens on property of such Person in favor of the Collateral Agent provided , however , that this clause (iv) shall not prohibit any negative pledge incurred or provided in favor of any holder of Indebtedness permitted under and in accordance with clauses (e) (solely to the extent any such negative pledge relates to the property financed by or the subject of such Indebtedness), (g), (h) (solely to the extent any such negative pledge relates to the Subsidiary acquired pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition), (j) (so long as such negative pledge permits Liens in accordance with Section 7.01(p) and any intercreditor agreement applicable to the Permitted Senior Debt) or (k) (solely to the extent any such negative pledge relates to the property financed by or the subject of such Indebtedness) of 
 11238955v2 
 120 
 11238955v21 

Section 7.03 or (b) requires the grant of a Lien to secure an obligation of such Person if a Lien is granted to secure another obligation of such Person provided , that (x) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions and conditions imposed by applicable Law, (y) the foregoing shall not apply to customary restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to the sale of a Subsidiary permitted hereunder pending such sale, provided , that such restrictions and conditions apply only to the Subsidiary that is to be sold and (z) clause (a)(iv) of this Section shall not apply to customary provisions in leases restricting the assignment thereof or the granting of a leasehold mortgage thereon. 
 7.11 Use of Proceeds . Use the proceeds of any Credit Extension, whether directly or indirectly, and whether immediately, incidentally or ultimately, to purchase or carry margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U of the FRB) or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock or to refund Indebtedness originally incurred for such purpose. 
 7.12 Amendment of Organizational Documents, Material Indebtedness or Certain Contracts . Amend, modify or waive (a) its Organization Documents in a manner materially adverse to the Credit Parties, (b) the definition of Licensed Merchandise under any Licensed Merchandise Agreement, or (c) any other provisions of any Licensed Merchandise Agreement or any Loan Party s rights under any Material Indebtedness, in each case to the extent that such amendment, modification or waiver (i) would violate, or compliance with which could reasonably be expected to result in the violation of, any Loan Document, (ii) otherwise could reasonably be expected to be materially adverse to the interests of the Credit Parties, taken as a whole, or (iii) could be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 7.13 Corporate Name Fiscal Year . 
 (a) Change the Fiscal Year of any Loan Party, or the material accounting policies or reporting practices of the Loan Parties, except as required by GAAP. 
 (b) Effect or permit any change referred to in Section 6.14 unless (i) the Collateral Agent s written acknowledgement that all filings have been made under the UCC or otherwise that are required in order for the Collateral Agent to continue at all times following such change to have a valid, legal and perfected first priority security interest in all the Collateral (or, if any Excluded Asset is added as Collateral in connection with the issuance of Permitted Senior Debt, a valid, legal and perfected second priority security interest on such Collateral, subject to Permitted Encumbrances) for its own benefit and the benefit of the other Credit Parties, and (ii) after giving effect to any change to the location of the Collateral, all Collateral shall be located within the United States. 
 7.14 Deposit Accounts Credit Card Processors . Open new DDAs or Blocked Accounts, or enter into agreements with any credit card processors, unless the Loan Parties shall have delivered to the Collateral Agent appropriate Blocked Account Agreements, Securities Account Control Agreements, DDA Notifications or Credit Card Notifications, as appropriate, consistent with the provisions of Section 6.13 and otherwise reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent provided , that the Borrowers shall be permitted to open new DDAs to the extent that such DDAs are sub-accounts of any DDA at a depository institution for which a DDA notification has already been delivered. Except as permitted hereby, no Loan Party shall maintain any bank accounts or enter into any agreements with credit card processors other than the ones expressly contemplated herein or in Section 6.13 hereof. No Loan Party shall deposit or permit to be deposited into the Licensed Merchandise Account any amount other than proceeds of the sale of Licensed Merchandise under the Merchandising Agreement equal to no more than 100 of the Monthly FLC Revenue Share as of the next occurring Merchandising Agreement Monthly Settlement Date, and subject to the terms and conditions of the Licensed Merchandise Side Letter (including, without limitation, provisions regarding any surplus that may be maintained in the Licensed Merchandise Account from time to time), the Loan Parties shall cause any amount payable to the Loan Parties from the amounts on deposit in the Licensed Merchandise Account on each Monthly Settlement Date to be transferred to an Ordinary Blocked Account of the Loan Parties immediately after payment of the all amounts in the Licensed Merchandise Account owing to FLC as of such date. Notwithstanding anything herein or in any other Loan Document to the contrary, (i) no DDA, Blocked Account Agreement or Securities Account Control Agreement entered into in connection herewith shall be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified in any manner whatsoever without the express written consent of the 
 11238955v2 
 121 
 11238955v21 

Administrative Agent in its sole and absolute discretion and (ii) the Loan Parties shall not enter into or permit to be established any DDAs, Blocked Account Agreements or Securities Account Control Agreements with or for the benefit of any of the secured parties under the Subordinated Term Loan Agreement or any refinancing thereof unless (x) such DDAs, Blocked Account Agreements and or Securities Account Control Agreements are subject to the terms and conditions of the Intercreditor Agreement, and (y) are otherwise in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (it being understood and agreed that DDAs, Blocked Account Agreements and Securities Account Control Agreements substantially in the form of corresponding Loan Documents existing as of the date of the Subordinated Term Loan Agreement shall be deemed to be in form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent). 
 7.15 Financial Covenants . Permit Availability, at any time, to be less than the greater of (i) 32,500,000, and (ii) 10.0 of the Aggregate Loan Cap. 
 7.16 Variance Covenant . During any Variance Testing Period, permit Actual Disbursement Amounts for any Cumulative Four-Week Period to exceed the Budgeted Disbursement Amounts for such Cumulative Four-Week Period by an amount greater than ten percent (10.0 of such Budgeted Disbursement Amounts for such Cumulative Four-Week Period. 
 7.15 Financial Covenants . (a) At any time during a FILO Draw Period, Availability as of any date of determination is less than the greater of (i) ten percent (10 of the Aggregate Loan Cap and (ii) 25,000,000, and (b) at all other times, so long as no FILO Loan is outstanding, if as of any date Availability is equal to or less than the greater of (i) ten percent (10 of the Aggregate Loan Cap and (ii) 25,000,000, the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio as of such date shall be no less than 1.00 to 1.0 for the trailing Twelve Month Period ending on the last day of the most recently ended month for which monthly or quarterly financial statements have been delivered or have been required to be delivered in accordance with Section 6.01. 
 7.16 Intentionally Omitted. 
 7.17 Sanctions . Directly or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, indirectly use the proceeds of any Credit Extension, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary, joint venture partner or other individual or entity, to fund any activities of or business with any individual or entity, or in any Designated Jurisdiction, that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of Sanctions, or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any individual or entity (including any individual or entity participating in the transaction, whether as Lender, Arranger, Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent, LC Issuer, Swing Line Lender, or otherwise) of Sanctions. 
 7.18 Anti-Corruption Laws . Directly or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, indirectly use the proceeds of any Credit Extension for any purpose which would breach the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010, and other similar anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions. 
 
 ARTICLE VIII EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 
 8.01 Events of Default . Any of the following events referred to in the below clauses of this Section 8.01 shall constitute an Event of Default 
 (a) Non-Payment . The Borrowers or any other Loan Party fails to pay when and as required to be paid herein, (i) any amount of principal of any Loan (including any repayment of FILO Loans on the applicable FILO Facility Payment Date) or any LC Obligation (including by deposit of funds as Cash Collateral in respect of LC Obligations), or (ii) any interest on any Loan or on any LC 
 11238955v2 
 122 
 11238955v21 

Obligation, or any fee due hereunder, or (iii) within three (3) Business Days after the same becomes due, any other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document or 
 (b) Specific Covenants . (i) Any Loan Party fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in any of Section 6.01 , Section 6.02 , Section 6.03 , Section 6.05 , Section 6.07 , Section 6.10 , Section 6.11 , Section 6.13 6.12, Section 6.13, Section 6.19 (and except for any such failure under Section 6.19(a)(iii) (which shall constitute an immediate Event of Default) such failure under Section 6.19 continues for three (3) Business Days) or Article VII or 
 (c) Other Defaults . Any Loan Party fails to perform or observe any other covenant or agreement (not specified in subsection (a) or (b) above) contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed and such failure continues for thirty (30) days or 
 (d) Representations and Warranties . Any representation, warranty, certification or statement of fact made or deemed made by or on behalf of any Borrower or any other Loan Party herein, in any other Loan Document, or in any document delivered in connection herewith or therewith (including, without limitation, any Borrowing Base Certificate) shall be incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed made or 
 (e) Cross-Default . (i) Any Loan Party (A) fails to make any payment when due (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise) in respect of any Material Indebtedness (including undrawn committed or available amounts and including amounts owing to all creditors under any combined or syndicated credit arrangement) or Guarantee (other than Indebtedness hereunder and Indebtedness under Swap Contracts), or (B) fails to observe or perform any other agreement or condition relating to any such Material Indebtedness or Guarantee or contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing, securing or relating thereto, or any other event occurs, the effect of which default or other event is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Material Indebtedness or the beneficiary or beneficiaries of any Guarantee thereof (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries) to cause, with the giving of notice if required, such Material Indebtedness to be demanded or to become due or to be repurchased, prepaid, defeased or redeemed (automatically or otherwise), or an offer to repurchase, prepay, defease or redeem such Material Indebtedness to be made, prior to its stated maturity, or such Guarantee to become payable or cash collateral in respect thereof to be demanded or (ii) there occurs under any Swap Contract an Early Termination Date (as defined in such Swap Contract) resulting from (A) any event of default under such Swap Contract as to which a Loan Party is the Defaulting Party (as defined in such Swap Contract) or (B) any Termination Event (as so defined) under such Swap Contract as to which a Loan Party is an Affected Party (as so defined) and, in either event, the Swap Termination Value owed by the Loan Party as a result thereof is greater than 20,000,000 or 
 (f) Insolvency Proceedings, Etc. Any Loan Party institutes or consents to the institution of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors or applies for or consents to the appointment of any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer for it or for all or any material part of its property or a proceeding shall be commenced or a petition filed, without the application or consent of such Person, seeking or requesting the appointment of any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer is appointed and the appointment continues undischarged, undismissed or unstayed for 60 calendar days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered or any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law relating to any such Person or to all or any material part of its property is instituted without the consent of such Person and continues undismissed or unstayed for 60 calendar days, or an order for relief is entered in any such proceeding, or any Loan Party shall take any action to institute or effect any of the foregoing, or any Loan Party becomes subject to a Bail-In Action or 
 (g) Inability to Pay Debts Attachment . (i) Any Loan Party becomes unable or admits in writing its inability or fails generally to pay its debts as they become due in the ordinary course of business, or (ii) any writ or warrant of attachment or execution or similar process is issued or levied against all or any material part of the property of any such Person and is not released, vacated or fully bonded within 30 days after its issue or levy or 
 11238955v2 
 123 
 11238955v21 

(h) Judgments . There is entered against any Loan Party one or more judgments or orders for the payment of money in an aggregate amount (as to all such judgments and orders) exceeding 20,000,000 15,000,000 (to the extent not covered by independent third-party insurance as to which the insurer is rated at least A by A.M. Best Company, has been notified of the potential claim and does not dispute coverage) and (A) enforcement proceedings are commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or order, or (B) there is a period of 10 consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment or order, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, is not in effect or 
 (i) ERISA . (i) An ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan which has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in liability of any Loan Party under Title IV of ERISA to the Pension Plan, Multiemployer Plan or the PBGC in an aggregate amount which could reasonably likely result in a Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) a Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate fails to pay when due, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, any installment payment with respect to its withdrawal liability under Section 4201 of ERISA under a Multiemployer Plan in an aggregate amount which could reasonably likely result in a Material Adverse Effect or 
 (j) Invalidity of Loan Documents . (i) Any material provision of any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or satisfaction in full of all the Obligations, ceases to be in full force and effect or any Loan Party or any other Person contests in any manner the validity or enforceability of any material provision of any Loan Document or any Loan Party denies in writing that it has any or further liability or obligation under any provision of any Loan Document, or purports to revoke, terminate or rescind any provision of any Loan Document or seeks to avoid, limit or otherwise adversely affect any Lien purported to be created under any Security Document or (ii) any Lien purported to be created under any Security Document shall cease to be, or shall be asserted by any Loan Party or any other Person not to be, a valid and perfected Lien on any Collateral, with the priority required by the applicable Security Document, it being understood that the application of Write-Down and Conversion Powers by any EEA Resolution Authority (or the public announcement of the impending application of such powers) with respect to any liabilities of a Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be deemed an Event of Default under this clause or 
 (k) Change of Control . There occurs any Change of Control or 
 (l) Cessation of Business . The Loan Parties, taken as a whole, shall take any action to suspend all or substantially all operations of their Business or liquidate all or a material portion of their assets or Store locations, or employ an agent or other third party to conduct a program of closings, liquidations or Going-Out-Of-Business sales of any material portion of its business. 
 8.02 Remedies Upon Event of Default . 
 (a) If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Administrative Agent may, or, at the request of the Required Lenders shall, take any or all of the following actions 
 (i) (a) declare the Commitments of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of the LC Issuer to make LC Credit Extensions to be terminated, whereupon such Commitments and obligation shall be terminated 
 (ii) (b) declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Loan Parties 
 (iii) (c) require that the Loan Parties Cash Collateralize the LC Obligations (in an amount equal to 105 of the then Outstanding Amount thereof) and 
 (iv) (d) whether or not the maturity of any of the Secured Obligations shall have been accelerated pursuant hereto, proceed to protect, enforce and exercise all rights and remedies of the Credit Parties under this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or 
 11238955v2 
 124 
 11238955v21 

applicable Law, including, but not limited to, by suit in equity, action at law or other appropriate proceeding, whether for the specific performance of any covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any instrument pursuant to which the Secured Obligations are evidenced, and, if such amount shall have become due, by declaration or otherwise, proceed to enforce the payment thereof or any other legal or equitable right of the Credit Parties 
 provided , however , that upon the occurrence of any Event of Default under Section 8.01(f) or Section 8.1(g) , the obligation of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of the LC Issuer to make LC Credit Extensions shall automatically terminate, the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and payable, and the obligation of the Loan Parties to Cash Collateralize the LC Obligations as aforesaid shall automatically become effective, in each case without further act of the Administrative Agent or any Lender. 
 No remedy herein is intended to be exclusive of any other remedy and each and every remedy shall be cumulative and shall be in addition to every other remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or by statute or any other provision of Law. 
 8.03 Application of Funds Proceeds . After the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 8.02 (or after the Loans have automatically become immediately due and payable and the LC Obligations have automatically been required to be Cash Collateralized as set forth in the proviso to Section 8.02 ), any amounts received on account of the Secured Obligations shall, subject to the provisions of Section 2.16 , Section 2.17 and Section 2.18 , be applied by the Administrative Agent in the following order 
 First , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, Credit Party Expenses and other amounts (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent and amounts payable under Article III payable to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, each in its capacity as such 
 Second , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting indemnities, Credit Party Expenses, and other amounts (other than principal, interest and fees) payable to the Lenders and the LC Issuer (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the respective Lenders and the LC Issuer and amounts payable under Article III ), ratably among them in proportion to the amounts described in this clause Second payable to them 
 Third , to the extent not previously reimbursed by the Lenders, to payment to the Lenders Administrative Agent of that portion of the Obligations constituting principal and accrued and unpaid interest on any Permitted Overadvances, ratably among the Lenders in proportion to the amounts described in this clause Third payable to them Protective Advances 
 Fourth , to the extent that Swing Line Loans have not been refinanced by a Committed Loan, payment to the Swing Line Lender of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid interest on the Swing Line Loans 
 Fifth , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid interest on the Revolving Loans, LC Borrowings and other Obligations, and fees (including Letter of Credit Fees and the Revolving Commitment Fees (in each case, as payable to the Revolving Lenders or the LC Issuer), ratably among the Revolving Lenders and the LC Issuer in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Fifth payable to them 
 Sixth , to the extent that Swing Line Loans have not been refinanced by a Committed Loan, to payment to the Swing Line Lender of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Swing Line Loans 
 Seventh , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Revolving Loans and LC Borrowings, ratably among the Revolving Lenders and the LC Issuer in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Seventh held by them 
 11238955v2 
 125 
 11238955v21 

Eighth , to the Administrative Agent for the account of the LC Issuer, to Cash Collateralize that portion of LC Obligations comprised of the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit 
 Ninth , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid interest on the FILO Loans (in each case, as payable to the FILO Lenders , ratably among the FILO Lenders in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Ninth payable to them 
 Tenth , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the FILO Loans, ratably among the FILO Lenders in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Tenth held by them 
 Eleventh , to payment of all other Obligations (including without limitation the Cash Collateralization of unliquidated indemnification obligations as provided in Section 10.04 ), ratably among the Credit Parties in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Eleventh held by them 
 Twelfth , to payment or Cash Collateralization (if agreed by the applicable Loan Parties and any Credit Party that is a provider of any Cash Management Services) of that portion of the Secured Obligations arising from Cash Management Services, ratably among the Credit Parties in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Twelfth held by them 
 Thirteenth , to payment or Cash Collateralization (if agreed by the parties to any Swap Contract) of all other Secured Obligations arising from Bank Products, ratably among the Credit Parties in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Thirteenth held by them and 
 Last , the balance, if any, after all of the Secured Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full, to the Loan Parties or as otherwise required by Law 
 provided , that Excluded Swap Obligations with respect to any Loan Party shall not be paid with amounts received from such Loan Party or its assets, but appropriate adjustments shall be made with respect to payments from other Loan Parties to preserve the allocation to Secured Obligations otherwise set forth above in this Section. 
 Subject to Section 2.03(c) and Section 2.16 , amounts used to Cash Collateralize the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to clause Eighth above shall be applied to satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as they occur. If any amount remains on deposit as Cash Collateral after all Letters of Credit have either been fully drawn or expired, such remaining amount shall be applied to the other Secured Obligations, if any, in the order set forth above. 
 Amounts distributed with respect to any Secured Obligations attributable to Other Liabilities shall be equal to the lesser of (a) the applicable amount of such Other Liabilities last reported to the Administrative Agent or (b) the actual amount of such Other Liabilities as calculated by the methodology reported to the Administrative Agent for determining the amount due. The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to calculate the amount to be distributed with respect to any such Other Liabilities, but may rely upon written notice of the amount (setting forth a reasonably detailed calculation) from the applicable Lender or its Affiliate providing such Bank Products or Cash Management Services. In the absence of such notice, the Administrative Agent may assume the amount to be distributed is the amount of such obligations last reported to it. 
 11238955v2 
 126 
 11238955v21 

ARTICLE IX ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 11.01 Appointment and Authority . 
 (a) Each of the Lenders and the LC Issuer hereby irrevocably appoints Bank of America to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the LC Issuer, and no Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof shall have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions. 
 (b) Each of the Lenders (in its capacities as a Lender), Swing Line Lender and the LC Issuer hereby irrevocably appoints Bank of America as Collateral Agent and authorizes the Collateral Agent to act as the agent of such Lender and the LC Issuer for purposes of acquiring, holding and enforcing any and all Liens on Collateral granted by any of the Loan Parties to secure any of the Secured Obligations, together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto. In this connection, the Collateral Agent, as collateral agent and any co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact appointed by the Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 9.05 for purposes of holding or enforcing any Lien on the Collateral (or any portion thereof) granted under the Security Documents, or for exercising any rights and remedies thereunder at the direction of the Collateral Agent), shall be entitled to the benefits of all provisions of this Article IX and Article X (including Section 10.04(c)) , as though such co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact were the collateral agent under the Loan Documents, as if set forth in full herein with respect thereto. 
 (c) Each provider of Cash Management Services and or Bank Products that is an Affiliate of a Lender but not a party to this Agreement shall be deemed to have acknowledged and accepted the appointment of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent pursuant to the terms of this Article IX for itself and its Affiliates as if a Lender party hereto. 
 (d) It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties. 
 11.02 Rights as a Lender . The Persons serving as the Agents hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in their capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though they were not the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with the Loan Parties or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders. 
 11.03 Exculpatory Provisions . The Agents shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, and their duties hereunder shall be administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Agents 
 (a) shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing 
 (b) shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the 
 11238955v2 
 127 
 11238955v21 

Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents), provided , that no Agent shall be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose such Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable Law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law and 
 (c) shall not have any duty or responsibility to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, to any Lender or any LC Issuer, any credit or other information concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of any of the Loan Parties or any of their Affiliates, that is communicated to, obtained or in the possession of, the Administrative Agent, Arranger or any of their Related Parties in any capacity, except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished to the Lenders by the Administrative Agent herein. 
 No Agent shall be liable for any action taken or not taken by it (i) with the Consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as such Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Section 10.01 and Section 8.02 or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a final and non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. 
 The Agents shall not be deemed to have knowledge of any Default unless and until notice describing such Default is given to such Agent by the Loan Parties, a Lender or the LC Issuer. In the event that the Agents obtain such actual knowledge or receive such a notice, the Agents shall give prompt notice thereof to each of the other Credit Parties. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Agents shall take such action with respect to such Event of Default as shall be reasonably directed by the Required Lenders. Unless and until the Agents shall have received such direction, the Agents may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action, or refrain from taking such action, with respect to any such Event of Default as they, or either of them, shall deem advisable in the best interest of the Credit Parties. In no event shall the Agents be required to comply with any such directions to the extent that any Agent believes that its compliance with such directions would be unlawful. 
 The Agents shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or the creation, perfection or priority of any Lien purported to be created by the Security Documents, (v) the value or the sufficiency of any Collateral, or (vi) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Agents. 
 11.04 Reliance by Agents . Each Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including, but not limited to, any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. Each Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or the LC Issuer, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or the LC Issuer unless the Administrative Agent shall have received written notice to the contrary from such Lender or the LC Issuer prior to the making of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit. Each Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for any Loan Party), independent accountants 
 11238955v2 
 128 
 11238955v21 

and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 
 11.05 Delegation of Duties . Each Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by such Agent. Each Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Agents and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as such Agent. No Agent shall be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and non-appealable judgment that such Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct or breach in bad faith in the selection of such sub-agents. 
 11.06 Resignation of Agents . Either Agent may at any time give written notice of its resignation to the Lenders, the LC Issuer and the Lead Borrower. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States, and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, shall be reasonably acceptable to the Lead Borrower. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Agent gives notice of its resignation (or such earlier day as shall be agreed to by the Required Lenders) (the Resignation Effective Date ), then the retiring Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) on behalf of the Lenders and the LC Issuer (and so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, with the written consent of the Lead Borrower, not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) appoint a successor Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, meeting the qualifications set forth above provided , that in no event shall any such successor Agent be a Defaulting Lender) provided , that whether or not a successor has been appointed, such resignation shall become effective in accordance with such notice on the Resignation Effective Date. If the Person serving as Administrative Agent is a Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (d) of the definition thereof, the Required Lenders may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, by notice in writing to the Lead Borrower and such Person remove such Person as Administrative Agent (and so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, with the written consent of the Lead Borrower, not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), appoint a successor. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the Removal Effective Date ), then such removal shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice on the Removal Effective Date. With effect from the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date (as applicable) (1) the retiring Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (except that in the case of any Collateral held by the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Lenders or the LC Issuer under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring Collateral Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Collateral Agent is appointed) and (2) except for any indemnity payments or other amounts then owed to the retiring or removed Agent, all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender and the LC Issuer directly, until such time as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above in this Section 9.06 . Upon the acceptance of a successor s appointment as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or removed) Agent (other than as provided in Section 3.01(h) and other than any rights to indemnity payments or other amounts owed to the retiring or removed Agent as of the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date, as applicable), and the retiring (or removed) Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section 9.06 ). The fees payable by the Borrowers to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Lead Borrower and such successor. After the retiring (or removed) Agent s resignation hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article IX and Section 10.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring (or removed) Agent, 
 11238955v2 
 129 
 11238955v21 

its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring Agent was acting as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent hereunder. 
 Any resignation by Bank of America as Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section shall also constitute its resignation as LC Issuer and Swing Line Lender. If Bank of America resigns as an LC Issuer, it shall retain all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the LC Issuer hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as LC Issuer and all LC Obligations with respect thereto, including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans or fund risk participations in Unreimbursed Amounts pursuant to Section 2.03(c) . If Bank of America resigns as Swing Line Lender, it shall retain all the rights of the Swing Line Lender provided for hereunder with respect to Swing Line Loans made by it and outstanding as of the effective date of such resignation, including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans or fund risk participations in outstanding Swing Line Loans pursuant to Section 2.04(c) . Upon the appointment by the Borrower of a successor LC Issuer or Swing Line Lender hereunder (which successor shall in all cases be a Lender other than a Defaulting Lender), (a) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring LC Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as applicable, (b) the retiring LC Issuer and Swing Line Lender shall be discharged from all of their respective duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, and (c) the successor LC Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to Bank of America to effectively assume the obligations of Bank of America with respect to such Letters of Credit. 
 11.07 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders . Each Lender and the LC Issuer expressly acknowledges that none of the Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent nor the any Arranger has made any representation or warranty to it, and that no act by the Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent or the any Arranger hereafter taken, including any consent to, and acceptance of any assignment or review of the affairs of any Loan Party of any Affiliate thereof, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by the Administrative Agent or the any Arranger to any Lender or the LC Issuer as to any matter, including whether the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or the any Arranger have disclosed material information in their (or their Related Parties possession. Each Lender and the LC Issuer represents to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Arranger Arrangers that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the any Arranger, any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis of, appraisal of, and investigation into, the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, and all applicable bank or other regulatory Laws relating to the transactions contemplated hereby, and made its own decision to enter into this Agreement and to extend credit to the Borrower hereunder. Each Lender and the LC Issuer also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the any Arranger, any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder, and to make such investigations as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties. Each Lender and the LC Issuer represents and warrants that (i) the Loan Documents set forth the terms of a commercial lending facility and (ii) it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans in the ordinary course and is entering into this Agreement as a Lender or LC Issuer for the purpose of making, acquiring or holding commercial loans and providing other facilities set forth herein as may be applicable to such Lender or LC Issuer, and not for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring or holding any other type of financial instrument, and each Lender and the LC Issuer agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of the foregoing. Each Lender and the LC Issuer represents and warrants that it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to make, acquire and or hold commercial loans and to provide other facilities set forth herein, as may be applicable to such Lender or such LC Issuer, and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to make, acquire and or hold such commercial loans or 
 11238955v2 
 130 
 11238955v21 

to provide such other facilities, is experienced in making, acquiring or holding such commercial loans or providing such other facilities. 
 11.08 No Other Duties, Etc . Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, none of the Joint Lead Bookrunners, Arrangers, Co-Syndication Agents or Co-Documentation Agents shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent, a Lender or the LC Issuer hereunder. 
 11.09 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim . In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or LC Obligation shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Loan Parties) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise 
 (a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, LC Obligations and all other Secured Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the LC Issuer, the Administrative Agent Agents and the other Credit Parties (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders, the LC Issuer, the Administrative Agent Agents , such Credit Parties and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders, the LC Issuer , the Administrative Agent Agents and such Credit Parties under Section 2.03(i) , Section 2.03(j) and Section 2.03(k) and, as applicable, Section 2.09 and Section 10.04 allowed in such judicial proceeding and 
 (b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same 
 and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender and the LC Issuer to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, if the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders and the LC Issuer, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Section 2.09 and Section 10.04 . 
 Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or the LC Issuer any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Secured Obligations or the rights of any Lender or the LC Issuer or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or the LC Issuer in any such proceeding. 
 9.10 Collateral and Guaranty Matters . Without limiting the provisions of Section 9.09 , the Credit Parties irrevocably authorize the Agents, 
 (a) to release any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Collateral Agent under any Loan Document (i) upon termination of the Aggregate Commitments and all Secured Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations for which no claim has been asserted) becoming Fully Satisfied and the expiration or termination of all Letters of Credit or the Cash Collateralization of any LC Obligations, (ii) that is sold or to be sold as part of or in connection with any sale permitted hereunder or under any other Loan Document, (iii) with respect to any Lien upon any Excluded Asset, in accordance with the terms and conditions of any intercreditor agreement and Security Documents applicable thereto, (iv) with respect to any Liens on property constituting less than all or substantially all of the Collateral, if approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Required Lenders or (v) in connection with any release effected pursuant to Section 9.10(c) or Section 11.12 to the extent such Lien was granted by the Loan Party being released 
 11238955v2 
 131 
 11238955v21 

(b) to subordinate any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Collateral Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any Lien on such property that is permitted by clause (j) of Section 7.01 and 
 (c) subject to the limitations set forth in Section 11.12 , as applicable, to release or confirm the release of any Loan Party from its obligations hereunder, under the Facility Guaranty, and each other applicable Loan Document if such Person ceases to be a Subsidiary or becomes an Immaterial Subsidiary as a result of a transaction permitted hereunder. 
 Upon request by any Agent at any time, the applicable Lenders will confirm in writing such Agent s authority to release or subordinate its interest in particular types or items of property, or to release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Facility Guaranty and each other applicable Loan Document pursuant to this Section 9.10 . In each case as specified in this Section 9.10 , the Agents will, at the Loan Parties expense, execute and deliver to the applicable Loan Party such documents as such Loan Party may reasonably request to evidence the release of such item of Collateral from the assignment and security interest granted under the Security Documents or to subordinate its interest in such item, or to release such Guarantor from its obligations under the Facility Guaranty and each other applicable Loan Document, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents and this Section 9.10. 
 No Agent shall be responsible for or have a duty to ascertain or inquire into any representation or warranty regarding the existence, value or collectability of the Collateral, the existence, priority or perfection of the Collateral Agent s Lien thereon, or any certificate prepared by any Loan Party in connection therewith, nor shall any Agent be responsible or liable to the Lenders for any failure to monitor or maintain any portion of the Collateral. 
 9.11 Notice of Transfer . The Agents may deem and treat a Lender party to this Agreement as the owner of such Lender s portion of the Secured Obligations for all purposes, unless and until, and except to the extent, an Assignment and Acceptance Assumption shall have become effective as set forth in Section 10.06 . 
 9.12 Reports and Financial Statements . By signing this Agreement, each Lender 
 (a) agrees to furnish the Administrative Agent during any Cash Dominion Trigger Period (and thereafter at such frequency as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request) with a summary of all Other Liabilities due or to become due to such Lender. In connection with any distributions to be made hereunder, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to assume that no amounts are due to any Lender on account of Other Liabilities unless the Administrative Agent has received written notice thereof from such Lender 
 (b) is deemed to have requested that the Administrative Agent furnish such Lender, promptly after they become available, copies of all financial statements required to be delivered by the Lead Borrower hereunder and all commercial finance examinations and appraisals of the Collateral received by the Agents (collectively, the Reports 
 (c) expressly agrees and acknowledges that the Administrative Agent makes no representation or warranty as to the accuracy of the Reports, and shall not be liable for any information contained in any Report 
 (d) expressly agrees and acknowledges that the Reports are not comprehensive audits or examinations, that the Agents or any other party performing any audit or examination will inspect only specific information regarding the Loan Parties and will rely significantly upon the Loan Parties books and records, as well as on representations of the Loan Parties personnel 
 (e) agrees to keep all Reports confidential in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.07 hereof and 
 11238955v2 
 132 
 11238955v21 

(f) without limiting the generality of any other indemnification provision contained in this Agreement, agrees (i) to hold the Agents and any such other Lender preparing a Report harmless from any action the indemnifying Lender may take or conclusion the indemnifying Lender may reach or draw from any Report in connection with any Credit Extensions that the indemnifying Lender has made or may make to the Borrowers, or the indemnifying Lender s participation in, or the indemnifying Lender s purchase of, a Loan or Loans and (ii) to pay and protect, and indemnify, defend, and hold the Agents and any such other Lender preparing a Report harmless from and against, the claims, actions, proceedings, damages, costs, expenses, and other amounts (including attorney costs) incurred by the Agents and any such other Lender preparing a Report as the direct or indirect result of any third parties who obtain all or part of any Report through the indemnifying Lender. 
 9.13 Agency for Perfection . Each Lender hereby appoints each other Lender as agent for the purpose of perfecting Liens for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders, in assets which, in accordance with Article 9 of the UCC or any other applicable Law of the United States can be perfected only by possession. Should any Lender (other than the Agents) obtain possession of any such Collateral, such Lender shall notify the Agents thereof, and, promptly upon the Collateral Agent s request therefor shall deliver such Collateral to the Collateral Agent or otherwise deal with such Collateral in accordance with the Collateral Agent s instructions . 
 9.14 Indemnification of Agents . The Lenders shall indemnify the Agents (and any sub-agent thereof), and each Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the Agents (or any sub-agent thereof) (each such Person being called an Agent Indemnitee (to the extent not reimbursed by the Loan Parties and without limiting the obligations of the Loan Parties hereunder), ratably according to their Applicable Percentages of the Facilities, against, and hold each Agent Indemnitee harmless (on an after tax basis) from, any and all losses, claims, causes of action, damages, liabilities, settlement payments, costs, and related expenses (including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Agent Indemnitee), incurred by any Agent Indemnitee or asserted against any Agent Indemnitee by any third party or by any Lender, Borrower or any other Loan Party arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by the LC Issuer to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, (iv) any claims of, or amounts paid by any Credit Party to, a Blocked Account Bank or securities intermediary or other Person which has entered into a control agreement with any Credit Party hereunder, or (v) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by any Lender, Borrower or any other Loan Party or any of the Loan Parties directors, shareholders or creditors, and regardless of whether any Agent Indemnitee is a party thereto, in all cases, whether or not caused by or arising, in whole or in part, out of the comparative, contributory or sole negligence of the Agent Indemnitee provided , that such indemnity shall not, as to any Agent Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of such Agent Indemnitee. The obligations of the Lenders under this Section 9.14 are subject to the provisions of Section 2.12(d) . 
 9.15 Relation among Lenders . The Lenders are not partners or co-venturers, and no Lender shall be liable for the acts or omissions of, or (except as otherwise set forth herein in case of the Agents) authorized to act for, any other Lender. 
 9.16 Recovery of Erroneous Payments . Without limitation of any other provision in this Agreement, if at any time the Administrative Agent makes a payment hereunder in error to any Lender or the LC Issuer (each, a Credit Party , whether or not in respect of an a Secured Obligation due and owing by the Borrowers at such time, where such payment is a Rescindable Amount, then in any such event, 
 11238955v2 
 133 
 11238955v21 

each Credit Party receiving a Rescindable Amount severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount received by such Credit Party in immediately available funds in the currency so received, with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such Rescindable Amount is received by it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. Each Credit Party irrevocably waives any and all defenses, including any discharge for value (under which a creditor might otherwise claim a right to retain funds mistakenly paid by a third party in respect of a debt owed by another) or similar defense to its obligation to return any Rescindable Amount. The Administrative Agent shall inform each Credit Party promptly upon determining that any payment made to such Credit Party comprised, in whole or in part, a Rescindable Amount. 
 9.17 Certain ERISA Matters . 
 (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true 
 (i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments or this Agreement, 
 1. 
 (ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, 
 2. 
 (iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 
 3. 
 (iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 
 11238955v2 
 134 
 11238955v21 

4. 
 (b) In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that the Administrative Agent is not a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). 
 9.18 Appointment for Perfection . Administrative Agent hereby appoints each Lender at which a Loan Party maintains a DDA other than an Excluded Account (and each such Lender hereby accepts and agrees to such appointment) as its agent for the purpose of perfecting a Lien against each such DDA for the benefit of the Credit Parties to secured the Secured Obligations. 
 ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS 
 11.01 Amendments, Etc . No Subject to Section 3.03, no amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and no Consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Required Lenders (or the Administrative Agent, with the Consent of the Required Lenders), and the Lead Borrower or the applicable Loan Party, as the case may be, and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent, and each such waiver or Consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given provided , however , that no such amendment, waiver or consent shall 
 (a) waive any condition set forth in Section 4.01 with respect to any Credit Extension without the written Consent of each Lender 
 (b) extend or, increase the Commitment of any Lender (or reinstate any Commitment terminated pursuant to Section 8.02 or otherwise without the written Consent of such Lender 
 (c) postpone any date fixed by this Agreement or any other Loan Document for (i) any payment or mandatory prepayment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts due to the Lenders (or any of them) hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents without the written Consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby, or (ii) any scheduled or mandatory reduction of the Aggregate Commitments hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written Consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby 
 (d) reduce the principal of, or the rate of interest specified herein on, any Loan or LC Borrowing, or (subject to clause (iv) of the second proviso to this Section 10.01 any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document, without the written Consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby provided , however , that only the Consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary to amend the definition of Default Rate or to waive any obligation of the Borrowers to pay interest in respect of Loans or Letter of Credit Fees at the Default Rate 
 (e) change Section 2.13 or Section 8.03 in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing or order of application of payments required thereby without the written Consent of each Lender 
 (f) change any provision of this Section 10.01 or the definition of Required Lenders , FILO Facility Required Lenders Super-Majority Required Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to amend, waive or otherwise modify any 
 11238955v2 
 135 
 11238955v21 

rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the written Consent of each Lender that is included in such definition or subject to such provision 
 (g) except as expressly permitted hereunder or under any other Loan Document, as of the Second release all or substantially all of the Guarantors from their respective obligations under the Facility Guaranty (except as otherwise permitted herein or in the other Loan Documents as in effect on the Sixth Amendment Effective Date , release, or limit the liability or obligations of, any Loan Party without the written Consent of each Lender 
 (h) except for Permitted Dispositions and as otherwise expressly permitted in Section 9.10 , as of Second Sixth Amendment Effective Date, release all or substantially all of the Collateral from the Liens of the Security Documents without the written Consent of each Lender 
 (i) increase the advance rates set forth in the definition of the term Borrowing Base without the written Consent of each Revolving Lender, without limitation of clause (j) below 
 (j) modify (i) any component (other than advance rates or Reserves) of the Borrowing Base, including eligibility criteria, in any manner that would increase availability thereunder or (ii) the discretion of the Administrative Agent to change, establish or eliminate any Reserves without the consent of the Super-Majority Required Lenders 
 (k) modify the definition of Permitted Overadvance Protective Advance so as to increase the amount thereof amounts permitted thereby or, except as provided in such definition, the time period for a Permitted Overadvance periods for a Protective Advance without the written Consent of each Lender 
 (l) except as otherwise expressly permitted herein or in any other Loan Document, as of the Second Sixth Amendment Effective Date subordinate, the Secured Obligations hereunder to any other Indebtedness, and, except for any Liens on Excluded Assets pursuant to any intercreditor agreement approved by the Required Lenders in connection with the issuance by any Loan Party of Permitted Senior Debt and except as otherwise expressly permitted herein or in any other Loan Document, subordinate the Liens granted hereunder or under the other Loan Documents to any other Lien without the written Consent of each Lender or 
 (m) amend subclause (ii) of the proviso to clause (b) of the definition of Permitted Senior Debt without the written Consent of each Lender 
 and, provided , further , that (i) no amendment, waiver or Consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the LC Issuer in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the LC Issuer under this Agreement or any Issuer Document relating to any Letter of Credit issued or to be issued by it (ii) no amendment, waiver or Consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Swing Line Lender in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Swing Line Lender under this Agreement (iii) no amendment, waiver or Consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document (iv) no amendment, waiver or Consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Collateral Agent in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Collateral Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (v) the Fee Letters may be amended, or rights or privileges thereunder waived, in a writing executed only by the parties thereto and (vi) no amendment, waiver or Consent shall, unless in writing signed by at least the FILO Facility Required Lenders in addition to the Lenders required above, shall amend or modify Section 2.18 or otherwise disproportionately and adversely affect the rights and remedies of the FILO Lenders relative to the Revolving Lenders. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (x) no Credit Party that is not a Lender, LC Issuer or Agent under this Agreement and (y) no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or Consent hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or Consent which by its terms requires the Consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender may be effected with the Consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders), except that (x) no Commitment of any Defaulting Lender may be increased or extended without the Consent of such Lender and (y) any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the Consent of all Lenders or each affected 
 11238955v2 
 136 
 11238955v21 

Lender that by its terms affects any Defaulting Lender disproportionately adversely relative to other affected Lenders shall require the Consent of such Defaulting Lender. 
 If any Lender does not Consent (a Non-Consenting Lender to a proposed amendment, waiver, consent or release with respect to any Loan Document that requires the Consent of each Lender and that has been approved by the Required Lenders (and, if applicable, the FILO Facility Required Lenders), the Lead Borrower may replace such Non-Consenting Lender in accordance with Section 10.13 provided , that such amendment, waiver, consent or release can be effected as a result of the assignment contemplated by such Section (together with all other such assignments required by the Lead Borrower to be made pursuant to this paragraph). 
 11.02 Notices Effectiveness Electronic Communications . 
 (a) Notices Generally . Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as provided in subsection (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopier, or electronic communication (subject to clause (b) below) as follows, and all notices and other communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows 
 (i) if to the Loan Parties, the Agents, the LC Issuer or the Swing Line Lender, to the address, telecopier number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified for such Person on Schedule 10.02 and 
 (ii) if to any other Lender, to the address, telecopier number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified in its Administrative Questionnaire (including, as appropriate, notices delivered solely to the Person designated by a Lender on its Administrative Questionnaire then in effect for the delivery of notices that may contain material non-public information relating to the Borrowers). 
 Notices and other communications sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received notices and other communications sent by telecopier shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient). Notices and other communications delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in subsection (b) below shall be effective as provided in such subsection (b). 
 (b) Electronic Communications . Notices and other communications to the Lenders and the LC Issuer hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail, FpML messaging, and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent, provided , that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender or the LC Issuer pursuant to Article II if such Lender or the LC Issuer, as applicable, has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article II by electronic communication. The Administrative Agent or the Lead Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it, provided , that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgment from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgment), provided , that if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient, and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor provided , that for both clauses (i) and (ii), if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of 
 11238955v2 
 137 
 11238955v21 

the recipient, such notice, email or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient. 
 (c) The Platform . THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall the Agents or any of their Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties have any liability to any Loan Party, any Lender, the LC Issuer or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Loan Parties or the Administrative Agent s transmission of Borrower Materials or notices through the Platform, any other electronic platform or electronic messaging service, or through the Internet, except to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence, willful misconduct or breach in bad faith of such Agent Party provided , however , that in no event shall any Agent Party have any liability to any Loan Party, any Lender, the LC Issuer or any other Person for indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages). 
 (d) Change of Address, Etc . Each of the Loan Parties, the Agents, the LC Issuer and the Swing Line Lender may change its address, telecopier or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. Each other Lender may change its address, telecopier or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the Lead Borrower, the Agents, the LC Issuer and the Swing Line Lender. In addition, each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent from time to time to ensure that the Administrative Agent has on record (i) an effective address, contact name, telephone number, telecopier number and electronic mail address to which notices and other communications may be sent and (ii) accurate wire instructions for such Lender. Furthermore, each Public Lender agrees to cause at least one individual at or on behalf of such Public Lender to at all times have selected the Private Side Information or similar designation on the content declaration screen of the Platform in order to enable such Public Lender or its delegate, in accordance with such Public Lender s compliance procedures and applicable Law, including United States Federal and state securities Laws, to make reference to Borrower Materials that are not made available through the Public Side Information portion of the Platform and that may contain material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States Federal or state securities laws. 
 (e) Reliance by Agents, LC Issuer and Lenders . The Agents, the LC Issuer and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices (including telephonic Committed Loan Notices and Swing Line Loan Notices) purportedly given by or on behalf of the Loan Parties even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. The Loan Parties shall indemnify the Agents, the LC Issuer, each Lender and the Related Parties of each of them from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of the Loan Parties, except to the extent resulting from the gross negligence, willful misconduct or breach in bad faith of such Person as determined by a final and nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with the Agents may be recorded by the Agents, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording. 
 11.03 No Waiver Cumulative Remedies Enforcement . No failure by any Credit Party to exercise, and no delay by any such Person in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The 
 11238955v2 
 138 
 11238955v21 

rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided herein and in the other Loan Documents are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan or issuance of a Letter of Credit shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default, regardless of whether any Credit Party may have had notice or knowledge of such Default at the time. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the authority to enforce rights and remedies hereunder and under the other Loan Documents against the Loan Parties or any of them shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at law in connection with such enforcement shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 8.02 and the Collateral Agent in accordance with , as applicable, Section 8.02, the Security Agreement and the other Loan Documents for the benefit of all the Lenders and the LC Issuer Credit Parties provided , however , that the foregoing shall not prohibit (a) each of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent from exercising on its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (b) the LC Issuer or the Swing Line Lender from exercising the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as LC Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as the case may be) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (c) any Lender from exercising setoff rights in accordance with Section 10.08 (subject to the terms of Section 2.13 ), or (d) any Lender from filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing pleadings on its own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding relative to any Loan Party under any Debtor Relief Law and provided , further , that if at any time there is no Person acting as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, then (i) the Required Lenders shall have the rights otherwise ascribed to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as the case may be, pursuant to Section 8.02 , the Security Agreement or the other Loan Documents and (ii) in addition to the matters set forth in clauses (b), (c) and (d) of the preceding proviso and subject to Section 2.14 , any Lender may, with the consent of the Required Lenders, enforce any rights and remedies available to it and as authorized by the Required Lenders. 
 11.04 Expenses Indemnity Damage Waiver . 
 (a) Costs and Expenses . Subject to certain terms contained in the Fee Letters with respect to the parties to such Fee Letters, the Borrowers shall pay all Credit Party Expenses. 
 (b) Indemnification by the Loan Parties . The Loan Parties shall indemnify the Agents (and any sub-agent thereof), each other Credit Party, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless (on an after tax basis) from, any and all losses, claims, causes of action, damages, liabilities, settlement payments, costs, and related expenses (including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of one primary counsel to the Administrative Agent, one primary counsel to the other Indemnitees taken as a whole, and if necessary, one local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction, one specialty counsel for each relevant specialty and one or more additional counsel if one or more conflicts of interest, or perceived conflicts of interest, arise (which shall be limited to one counsel for each group of similar affected Indemnitees)), incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any third party or by any Borrower or any other Loan Party arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or, in the case of the Agents (and any sub-agents thereof) and their Related Parties only, the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by the LC Issuer to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, (iv) any claims of, or amounts paid by any Credit Party to, a Blocked Account Bank or securities intermediary or other Person which has entered into a control agreement with any Credit Party hereunder, or (v) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by 
 11238955v2 
 139 
 11238955v21 

any Borrower or any other Loan Party or any of the Loan Parties directors, shareholders or creditors, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto, IN ALL CASES, WHETHER OR NOT CAUSED BY OR ARISING, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, OUT OF THE COMPARATIVE, CONTRIBUTORY OR SOLE NEGLIGENCE OF THE INDEMNITEE provided , that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from either (A) the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or breach in bad faith by such Indemnitee of its obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or (B) a dispute solely among Indemnitees (other than any claims against any Indemnitee in its capacity as the Administrative Agent or any similar role under the Loan Documents) and not arising out of any act or omission of the Lead Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates. Without limitation of Section 3.01(c), this Section 10.04(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims or damages arising from any non-Tax claim. 
 (c) Reimbursement by Lenders . Without limiting the Lenders obligations under Section 9.14 , hereof, to the extent that the Loan Parties for any reason fail to indefeasibly pay any amount required under subsection (a) or (b) of this Section 10.04 to be paid by it to any Agent (or any sub-agent thereof), the LC Issuer, the Swing Line Lender or any Related Party of any of the foregoing, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), the LC Issuer, the Swing Line Lender or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Facilities (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount, provided , that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Agents (or any such sub-agent) or the LC Issuer or the Swing Line Lender in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the Agents (or any such sub-agent) or LC Issuer or Swing Line Lender in connection with such capacity. The obligations of the Lenders under this subsection (c) are subject to the provisions of Section 2.12(d) . 
 (d) Waiver of Consequential Damages, Etc. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, the Loan Parties shall not assert, and hereby waive, any claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof. No Indemnitee shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed to such unintended recipients by such Indemnitee through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby other than for direct or actual damages resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct or breach in bad faith of such Indemnitee as determined by a final and nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. 
 (e) Payments . All amounts due under this Section 10.04 shall be payable no later than three (3) Business Days after demand therefor. 
 (f) Survival . The agreements in this Section 10.04 shall survive the resignation of any Agent, the Swing Line Lender, and the LC Issuer, the assignment of any Commitment or Loan by any Lender, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Secured Obligations. 
 11.05 Payments Set Aside . To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Loan Parties is made to any Credit Party, or any Credit Party exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by such Credit Party in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender and the LC Issuer severally agrees to pay to the Agents upon demand its Pro Rata share of any amount so recovered from or 
 11238955v2 
 140 
 11238955v21 

repaid by the Agents, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. The obligations of the Lenders and the LC Issuer under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall survive the payment in full of the Secured Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 
 11.06 Successors and Assigns . 
 (a) Successors and Assigns Generally . The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that no Loan Party may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the prior written Consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an Eligible Assignee in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.06(b) , (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of subsection Section 10.06(d) , or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of Section 10.06(e) (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in subsection (d) of this Section 10.06 and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Credit Parties) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 (b) Assignments by Lenders . Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment(s) and the Loans (including for purposes of this Section 10.06(b) , participations in LC Obligations and in Swing Line Loans) at the time owing to it provided , that any such assignment shall be subject to the following conditions 
 (i) Minimum Amounts . 
 (A) in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it or in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender, no minimum amount need be assigned and 
 (B) in any case not described in subsection (b)(i)(A) of this Section, the aggregate amount of the Commitment (which for this purpose includes Loans outstanding thereunder) or, if the Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment, determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if Trade Date is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date, shall not be less than 5,000,000 unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Lead Borrower otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) provided , however , that the Lead Borrower shall in all events be notified of an assignment (regardless of whether a Default or an Event of Default has occurred) and 
 (C) after giving effect to any such assignment, the aggregate amount of the remaining Commitment (which for this purpose includes Loans outstanding thereunder) or, if the Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Loans by the assigning Lender shall not be less than 5,000,000 unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Lead Borrower otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 
 (ii) Proportionate Amounts . Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this 
 11238955v2 
 141 
 11238955v21 

Agreement with respect to the Loans or the Commitment assigned, except that this clause (ii) shall not apply to the Swing Line Lender s rights and obligations in respect of Swing Line Loans 
 (iii) Required Consents . No consent to an assignment by a Lender shall be required for any assignment except to the extent required by subsection (b)(i)(B) and (b)(i)(C) of this Section and, in addition 
 (A) the consent of the Lead Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required unless (1) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment or (2) such assignment is to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender which is engaged in the ordinary course of its business in extending commercial loans provided, however, that the Lead Borrower shall be deemed to have consented if it has not responded within five (5) Business Days following any written request for such consent given pursuant to Section 10.02 and 
 (B) the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for assignments in respect of any Commitment if such assignment is to a Person that is not a Lender or an Affiliate of such Lender and 
 (C) the consent of the LC Issuer (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for any assignment in respect of any Revolving Credit Commitment and 
 (D) the consent of the Swing Line Lender (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for any assignment in respect of any Revolving Credit Commitment unless such assignment is to a Revolving Lender or an Affiliate of a Revolving Lender. 
 (iv) Assignment and Assumption . The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of 3,500, provided , however , that the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment. The assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire. 
 (v) No Assignment to Certain Persons . No such assignment shall be made (A) to any Borrower or any of the Borrowers Affiliates or Subsidiaries, (B) to any Defaulting Lender or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause (B) , or (C) to a natural Person (or a holding company investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of a natural Person). 
 (vi) Certain Additional Payments . In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent, the LC Issuer or any Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon) and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Loans and participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans in accordance with its Applicable Percentage of the Revolving Credit Facility. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable Law without compliance 
 11238955v2 
 142 
 11238955v21 

with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. 
 Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to subsection (c) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the Eligible Assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Section 3.01 , Section 3.04 , Section 3.05 , and Section 10.04 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment provided , that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no assignment by a Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. Upon request, the Borrowers (at their expense) shall execute and deliver a Note to the assignee Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this subsection shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with Section 10.06(d) . 
 (c) Register . The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrowers (and such agency being solely for tax purposes), shall maintain at the Administrative Agent s Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it (or the equivalent thereof in electronic form) and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts (and stated interest) of the Loans and LC Obligations owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, absent manifest error, and the Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Lead Borrower and any Lender at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
 (d) Participations . Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Loan Parties or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural person, or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of a natural person, a Defaulting Lender or the Loan Parties or any of the Loan Parties Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and or the Loans (including such Lender s participations in LC Obligations and or Swing Line Loans) owing to it) provided , that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Loan Parties, the Agents, the Lenders and the LC Issuer shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any Participant shall agree in writing to comply with all confidentiality obligations set forth in Section 10.07 as if such Participant was a Lender hereunder. For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender shall be responsible for the indemnity under Section 10.04(c) without regard to the existence of any participation. 
 Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement provided , that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in the first proviso to Section 10.01 that affects such Participant. The Loan Parties agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 3.01 , Section 3.04 and Section 3.05 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to subsection (b) of this Section (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 3.01(e) shall be delivered to the Lender who sells the participation) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section provided , that such Participant (A) agrees to be 
 11238955v2 
 143 
 11238955v21 

subject to the provisions of Section 3.06 and Section 10.13 as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 3.01 or Section 3.04 , with respect to any participation, than the Lender from whom it acquired the applicable participation would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Lead Borrower s request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrowers to effectuate the provisions of Section 3.06 with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 10.08 as though it were a Lender provided , that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.13 as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrowers, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register provided , that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 (e) Certain Pledges . Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including under its Note, if any) to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank, any central bank or any other funding source provided , that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
 (f) Electronic Execution of Assignments . The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in any Assignment and Assumption shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, provided , that notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary the Administrative Agent is under no obligation to agree to accept electronic signatures in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by the Administrative Agent pursuant to procedures approved by it. 
 (g) Resignation as LC Issuer or Swing Line Lender after Assignment . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if at any time Bank of America assigns all of its Commitment and Loans pursuant to subsection (b) above, Bank of America may, (i) upon 30 days notice to the Lead Borrower and the Lenders, resign as LC Issuer and or (ii) upon 30 days notice to the Lead Borrower, resign as Swing Line Lender. In the event of any such resignation as LC Issuer or Swing Line Lender, the Lead Borrower shall be entitled to appoint from among the Lenders a successor LC Issuer or Swing Line Lender hereunder provided , however , that no failure by the Lead Borrower to appoint any such successor shall affect the resignation of Bank of America as LC Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as the case may be. If Bank of America resigns as LC Issuer, it shall retain all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the LC Issuer hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as LC Issuer and all LC Obligations with respect thereto (including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans or fund risk participations in Unreimbursed Amounts pursuant to Section 2.03(c) ). If Bank of America resigns as Swing Line Lender, it shall retain all the rights of the Swing Line Lender provided for hereunder with respect to Swing Line Loans made by it and outstanding as of the effective date of such resignation, including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans or fund risk participations in outstanding Swing Line Loans pursuant to Section 
 11238955v2 
 144 
 11238955v21 

2.04(c) . Upon the appointment of a successor LC Issuer and or Swing Line Lender, (a) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring LC Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as the case may be, and (b) the successor LC Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to Bank of America to effectively assume the obligations of Bank of America with respect to such Letters of Credit. 
 11.07 Treatment of Certain Information Confidentiality . Each of the Credit Parties agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates and to its Related Parties (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent required or requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over it (including any Federal Reserve Bank, any central bank or any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by applicable Laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, provided , that if lawful and practicable to do so under the circumstances, the Lead Borrower is given (with reasonable promptness) prior written notice of the request for production of such Information, except for Information provided to regulators in the ordinary course of bank regulatory oversight, (d) to any other party hereto, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to any Loan Party and its obligations, (g) on a confidential basis to (i) any rating agency in connection with rating the Lead Borrower or its Subsidiaries or the credit facilities provided hereunder or (ii) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of CUSIP numbers or other market identifiers with respect to the credit facilities provided hereunder, (h) with the consent of the Lead Borrower or (i) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (y) becomes available to any Credit Party or any of their respective Affiliates on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Loan Parties. In addition, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement and information about this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry and service providers to the Agents and the Lenders in connection with the administration of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and the Commitments. 
 For purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from the Loan Parties or any Subsidiary thereof relating to the Loan Parties or any Subsidiary thereof or their respective businesses, other than any such information that is available to any Credit Party on a non-confidential basis prior to disclosure by the Loan Parties or any Subsidiary thereof, provided , that in the case of information received from any Loan Party or any Subsidiary after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 
 Each of the Credit Parties acknowledges that (a) the Information may include material non-public information concerning the Loan Parties or a Subsidiary, as the case may be, (b) it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of material non-public information and (c) it will handle such material non-public information in accordance with applicable Law, including Federal and state securities Laws. 
 11.08 Right of Setoff . If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or if any Lender shall have been served with a trustee process or similar attachment relating to property of a Loan Party, each Lender, the LC Issuer and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, after obtaining the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency, but excluding deposits in Excluded Accounts) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time 
 11238955v2 
 145 
 11238955v21 

owing by such Lender, the LC Issuer or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrowers or any other Loan Party against any and all of the Secured Obligations now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Lender or the LC Issuer, regardless of the adequacy of the Collateral, and irrespective of whether or not such Lender or the LC Issuer shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations of the Borrowers or such Loan Party may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch or office of such Lender or the LC Issuer different from the branch or office holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness provided, that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.17 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the LC Issuer and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Lender, the LC Issuer and their respective Affiliates under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender, the LC Issuer or their respective Affiliates may have. Each Lender and the LC Issuer agrees to notify the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application, provided, that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. 
 11.09 Interest Rate Limitation . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by applicable Law (the Maximum Rate ). If the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Borrowers. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by the Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder. 
 9.10 Counterparts Integration Effectiveness Electronic Signatures . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01 , this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent Agents and when the Administrative Agent Agents shall have received counterparts hereof that, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto. This Agreement, any Loan Document and any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice, certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to any Loan Document (each a Communication ), including Communications required to be in writing, may be in the form of an Electronic Record and may be executed using Electronic Signatures. Each of the Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent Agents and each of the Lender Credit Parties agrees that any Electronic Signature on or associated with any Communication shall be valid and binding on such Person to the same extent as a manual, original signature, and that any Communication entered into by Electronic Signature, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person enforceable against such in accordance with the terms thereof to the same extent as if a manually executed original signature was delivered. Any Communication may be executed in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both paper and electronic counterparts, but all such counterparts are one and the same Communication. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format), or an electronically signed Communication converted into another format, for transmission, delivery and or retention. The Administrative Agent Agents and each of the Secured Parties may, at its option, create one or more copies of any Communication in the form of an imaged Electronic Record Electronic Copy ), which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of the such Person s business, and destroy the 
 11238955v2 
 146 
 11238955v21 

original paper document. All Communications in the form of an Electronic Record, including an Electronic Copy, shall be considered an original for all purposes, and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, neither the Administrative Agent, Agents, the L C Issuer nor Swingline Lender is under any obligation to accept an Electronic Signature in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by such Person pursuant to procedures approved by it provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (a) to the extent the Administrative Agent, Agents, the L C Issuer and or Swingline Swing Line Lender has agreed to accept such Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Secured Parties shall be entitled to rely on any such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of any Loan Party and or Lender Credit Party without further verification and (b) upon the request of the Administrative Agent Agents or any Lender, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by such manually executed (wet ink signature) counterpart. For purposes hereof, Electronic Record and Electronic Signature shall have the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by 15 USC 7006, as it may be amended from time to time. 
 Neither the Administrative Agent, Agents, the L C Issuer nor Swingline Swing Line Lender shall be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into the sufficiency, validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Administrative Agent s, Agents , the L C Issuer s or Swingline Swing Line Lender s reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed .pdf or any other electronic means). The Administrative Agent, Agents, the L C Issuer and Swingline Swing Line Lender shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by acting upon, any Communication (which writing may be a fax, any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution or signed using an Electronic Signature) or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise authenticated (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set forth in the Loan Documents for being the maker thereof). 
 Each of the Loan Parties and each Lender Credit Party hereby waives (i) any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or any Ancillary Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document and or such Ancillary Document, and (ii) waives any claim against the Administrative each Agent, each Lender Credit Party and each Related Party for any liabilities arising solely from the Administrative any Agent s and or any Lender Credit Party s reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures, including any liabilities arising as a result of the failure of the Loan Parties to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature. 
 10.11 Survival . All representations and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof. Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by the Credit Parties, regardless of any investigation made by any Credit Party or on their behalf and notwithstanding that any Credit Party may have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of any Credit Extension, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Loan or any other Secured Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding. Further, the provisions of Section 3.01 , Section 3.04 , Section 3.05 and Section 10.04 and Article IX shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the repayment of the Secured Obligations, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof. In connection with the termination of this Agreement and the release and termination of the security interests in the Collateral, the Agents may require such indemnities and collateral security as they shall reasonably deem necessary or appropriate to protect the Credit Parties against (x) loss on account of credits previously applied to the Secured Obligations that may subsequently be reversed or revoked, and (y) any obligations that may thereafter arise with respect to or under Section 10.04 hereof. 
 10.12 Severability . If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby and 
 11238955v2 
 147 
 11238955v21 

(b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this Section 10.12 , if and to the extent that the enforceability of any provisions in this Agreement relating to Defaulting Lenders shall be limited by Debtor Relief Laws, as determined in good faith by the Administrative Agent, the LC Issuer or the Swing Line Lender, as applicable, then such provisions shall be deemed to be in effect only to the extent not so limited. 
 10.13 Replacement of Lenders . If the Borrowers are entitled to replace a Lender pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.06, or if any Lender is a Defaulting Lender or a Non-Consenting Lender, or if any other circumstance exists hereunder that expressly gives the Borrowers the right to replace a Lender as a party hereto, then the Borrowers may, at their sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 10.06 ), all of its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Section 3.01 and Section 3.04 and obligations under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment), provided, that 
 (a) the Borrowers shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the assignment fee specified in Section 10.06(b) 
 (b) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and LC Advances, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees (other than for the avoidance of doubt, prepayment premiums) and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including any amounts under Section 3.05 from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrowers (in the case of all other amounts)) 
 (c) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 3.04 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 3.01 , such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter 
 (d) such assignment does not conflict with applicable Laws and 
 (e) in the case of an assignment resulting from a Lender becoming a Non-Consenting Lender, the applicable assignee shall have consented to the applicable amendment, waiver or consent. 
 A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrowers to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 
 10.14 Governing Law Jurisdiction Etc . 
 (a) GOVERNING LAW . THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (EXCEPT FOR THE CONFLICT OF LAWS RULES THEREOF, BUT INCLUDING GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402). 
 (b) SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION . EACH LOAN PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY, TO THE NONEXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, OR FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT, AND EACH LOAN PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES 
 11238955v2 
 148 
 11238955v21 

THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH LOAN PARTY AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT ANY CREDIT PARTY MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST ANY LOAN PARTY OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION. 
 (c) WAIVER OF VENUE . EACH LOAN PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN SECTION 10.14(b) . EACH LOAN PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT. 
 (d) SERVICE OF PROCESS . EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN SECTION 10.02 . NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. 
 (e) ACTIONS COMMENCED BY LOAN PARTIES . EACH LOAN PARTY AGREES THAT ANY ACTION COMMENCED BY ANY LOAN PARTY ASSERTING ANY CLAIM OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL BE BROUGHT SOLELY IN A COURT OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY OR THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK AS THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT MAY ELECT IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION AND CONSENTS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUCH ACTION. 
 10.15 Waiver of Jury Trial . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 10.15 . 
 10.16 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility . In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby, the Loan Parties each acknowledge and agree that (i) the credit facility provided for hereunder and any related arranging or other services in connection therewith (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document) are an arm s-length commercial transaction between the Loan Parties, on the one hand, and the Credit Parties, on the other hand, and each of the Loan Parties is capable of evaluating and understanding and understands and accepts the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents (including any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or thereof) (ii) in connection with the process leading to such transaction, except as otherwise agreed by the Lead Borrower and any Credit Party in writing, each Credit Party is and has been acting solely as a principal and is not the financial advisor, agent or fiduciary, for the Loan Parties or any of their respective 
 11238955v2 
 149 
 11238955v21 

Affiliates, stockholders, creditors or employees or any other Person (iii) unless otherwise agreed by the Lead Borrower and any Credit Party in writing, none of the Credit Parties has assumed or will assume an advisory responsibility in favor of the Loan Parties with respect to any of the transactions contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto, including with respect to any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document (irrespective of whether any of the Credit Parties has advised or is currently advising any Loan Party or any of its Affiliates on other matters) and none of the Credit Parties has any obligation to any Loan Party or any of its Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents (iv) no Credit Party has assumed or will assume an agency responsibility (except as may otherwise be agreed in writing by the Lead Borrower and any Credit Party) or fiduciary responsibility in any Loan Party s or its Affiliates favor with respect to any of the transactions contemplated hereby (including with respect to any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document) or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether any Credit Party has advised or is currently advising you or your affiliates on other matters) (v) the Credit Parties and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates, and none of the Credit Parties has any obligation to disclose any of such interests by virtue of any advisory, agency or fiduciary relationship and (vi) the Credit Parties have not provided and will not provide any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to any of the transactions contemplated hereby (including any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document) and each of the Loan Parties has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate. Each of the Loan Parties hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that it may have against each of the Credit Parties with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency (except for any agency responsibilities otherwise agreed by the Lead Borrower and any Credit Party in writing) or fiduciary duty. 
 10.17 USA PATRIOT Act Notice . Each Lender that is subject to the Patriot Act and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the Loan Parties that pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of each Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify each Loan Party in accordance with the Patriot Act. Each Loan Party shall, promptly following a request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, provide all documentation and other information that the Administrative Agent or such Lender reasonably requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Act. 
 10.18 Foreign Assets Control Regulations . Neither of the advance of the Loans nor the use of the proceeds of any thereof will violate the Trading With the Enemy Act (50 U.S.C. 1 et seq., as amended) (the Trading With the Enemy Act or any of the foreign assets control regulations of the United States Treasury Department (31 CFR, Subtitle B, Chapter V, as amended) (the Foreign Assets Control Regulations or any enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto (which for the avoidance of doubt shall include, but shall not be limited to (a) Executive Order 13224 of September 21, 2001 Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions With Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism (66 Fed. Reg. 49079 (2001)) (the Executive Order and (b) the Patriot Act. Furthermore, none of the Borrowers or their Affiliates (a) is or will become a blocked person as described in the Executive Order, the Trading With the Enemy Act or the Foreign Assets Control Regulations or (b) engages or will engage in any dealings or transactions, or be otherwise associated, with any such blocked person or in any manner violative of any such order. 
 10.19 Time of the Essence . Time is of the essence of the Loan Documents. 
 10.20 Press Releases . Subject to prior notification and consent by the Lead Borrower (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld) to the form of advertising materials to be used from time to time, the Administrative Agent and any Lender shall be permitted to use a Loan Party s name, product photographs, logo or trademark in any advertising material relating to the financing transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Administrative Agent or such Lender shall provide a draft of any advertising material to the Lead Borrower for review and comment reasonably prior to the initial 
 11238955v2 
 150 
 11238955v21 

publication thereof. The Administrative Agent reserves the right to provide to industry trade organizations information necessary and customary for inclusion in league table measurements. 
 10.21 Additional Waivers Keepwell . 
 (a) The Secured Obligations are the joint and several obligation of each Loan Party. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, the Secured Obligations of each Loan Party shall not be affected by (i) the failure of any Credit Party to assert any claim or demand or to enforce or exercise any right or remedy against any other Loan Party under the provisions of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or otherwise, (ii) any rescission, waiver, amendment or modification of, or any release from any of the terms or provisions of, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or (iii) the failure to perfect any security interest in, or the release of, any of the Collateral or other security held by or on behalf of the Collateral Agent or any other Credit Party. 
 (b) The obligations of each Loan Party shall not be subject to any reduction, limitation, impairment or termination for any reason (other than the indefeasible payment in full in cash of the Secured Obligations after the termination of the Commitments), including any claim of waiver, release, surrender, alteration or compromise of any of the Secured Obligations, and shall not be subject to any defense or setoff, counterclaim, recoupment or termination whatsoever by reason of the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of any of the Secured Obligations or otherwise. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the obligations of each Loan Party hereunder shall not be discharged or impaired or otherwise affected by the failure of any Agent or any other Credit Party to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any remedy under this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, by any waiver or modification of any provision of any thereof, any default, failure or delay, willful or otherwise, in the performance of any of the Secured Obligations, or by any other act or omission that may or might in any manner or to any extent vary the risk of any Loan Party or that would otherwise operate as a discharge of any Loan Party as a matter of law or equity (other than the indefeasible payment in full in cash of all the Secured Obligations after the termination of the Commitments). 
 (c) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, each Loan Party waives any defense based on or arising out of any defense of any other Loan Party or the unenforceability of the Secured Obligations or any part thereof from any cause, or the cessation from any cause of the liability of any other Loan Party, other than the indefeasible payment in full in cash of all the Secured Obligations and the termination of the Commitments. The Collateral Agent and the other Credit Parties may, at their election, foreclose on any security held by one or more of them by one or more judicial or non-judicial sales, accept an assignment of any such security in lieu of foreclosure, compromise or adjust any part of the Secured Obligations, make any other accommodation with any other Loan Party, or exercise any other right or remedy available to them against any other Loan Party, without affecting or impairing in any way the liability of any Loan Party hereunder except to the extent that all the Secured Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full in cash and the Commitments have been terminated. Each Loan Party waives any defense arising out of any such election even though such election operates, pursuant to applicable Law, to impair or to extinguish any right of reimbursement or subrogation or other right or remedy of such Loan Party against any other Loan Party, as the case may be, or any security. 
 (d) Each Borrower is obligated to repay the Secured Obligations as joint and several obligors under this Agreement. Upon payment by any Loan Party of any Secured Obligations, all rights of such Loan Party against any other Loan Party arising as a result thereof by way of right of subrogation, contribution, reimbursement, indemnity or otherwise shall in all respects be subordinate and junior in right of payment to the prior indefeasible payment in full in cash of all the Secured Obligations and the termination of the Commitments. In addition, any indebtedness of any Loan Party now or hereafter held by any other Loan Party is hereby subordinated in right of payment to the prior indefeasible payment in full of the Secured Obligations and no Loan Party will demand, sue for or otherwise attempt to collect any such indebtedness. If any amount shall erroneously be paid to any Loan Party on account of (i) such subrogation, contribution, reimbursement, indemnity or similar right or (ii) any such indebtedness of any Loan Party, such amount shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Credit Parties and shall forthwith be paid to the Administrative Agent to be credited against the payment of the Secured Obligations, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 11238955v2 
 151 
 11238955v21 

Subject to the foregoing, to the extent that any Borrower shall, under this Agreement as a joint and several obligor, repay any of the Secured Obligations constituting Committed Loans made to another Borrower hereunder or other Secured Obligations incurred directly and primarily by any other Borrower (an Accommodation Payment ), then the Borrower making such Accommodation Payment shall be entitled to contribution and indemnification from, and be reimbursed by, each of the other Borrowers in an amount, for each of such other Borrowers, equal to a fraction of such Accommodation Payment, the numerator of which fraction is such other Borrower s Allocable Amount and the denominator of which is the sum of the Allocable Amounts of all of the Borrowers. As of any date of determination, the Allocable Amount of each Borrower shall be equal to the maximum amount of liability for Accommodation Payments which could be asserted against such Borrower hereunder without (a) rendering such Borrower insolvent within the meaning of Section 101 (31) of the Bankruptcy Code, Section 2 of the Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act UFTA or Section 2 of the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act UFCA ), (b) leaving such Borrower with unreasonably small capital or assets, within the meaning of Section 548 of the Bankruptcy Code, Section 4 of the UFTA, or Section 5 of the UFCA, or (c) leaving such Borrower unable to pay its debts as they become due within the meaning of Section 548 of the Bankruptcy Code or Section 4 of the UFTA, or Section 5 of the UFCA. 
 (e) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, or of any other waiver or other provision set forth in this Agreement, each Loan Party hereby absolutely, knowingly, unconditionally, and expressly waives any and all claim, defense or benefit arising directly or indirectly under any one or more of Sections 2787 to 2855 inclusive of the California Civil Code or any similar law of California. 
 (f) Each Loan Party that is a Qualified ECP Guarantor at the time the Guarantee or the grant of the security interest under the Loan Documents, in each case, by any Specified Loan Party, becomes effective with respect to any Swap Obligation, hereby jointly and severally, absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes to provide such funds or other support to each Specified Loan Party with respect to such Swap Obligation as may be needed by such Specified Loan Party from time to time to honor all of its obligations under its Guarantee and the other Loan Documents in respect of such Swap Obligation (but, in each case, only up to the maximum amount of such liability that can be hereby incurred without rendering such Qualified ECP Guarantor s obligations and undertakings under this Section 10.21(f) voidable under applicable law relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer, and not for any greater amount). The obligations and undertakings of each Qualified ECP Guarantor under this Section shall remain in full force and effect until the Obligations have been indefeasibly paid and performed in full. Each Qualified ECP Guarantor intends this Section to constitute, and this Section shall be deemed to constitute, a guarantee of the obligations of, and a keepwell, support, or other agreement for the benefit of, each Specified Loan Party for all purposes of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 Qualified ECP Guarantor shall mean, at any time, each Loan Party with total assets exceeding 10,000,000 or that qualifies at such time as an eligible contract participant under the Commodity Exchange Act and can cause another person to qualify as an eligible contract participant at such time under 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 Specified Loan Party means any Loan Party that is not an eligible contract participant under the Commodity Exchange Act (determined prior to giving effect to Section 10.21(f) . 
 10.22 No Strict Construction . The parties hereto have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. In the event an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties hereto and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any provisions of this Agreement. 
 10.23 Attachments . The exhibits, schedules and annexes attached to this Agreement are incorporated herein and shall be considered a part of this Agreement for the purposes stated herein, except 
 11238955v2 
 152 
 11238955v21 

that in the event of any conflict between any of the provisions of such exhibits and the provisions of this Agreement, the provisions of this Agreement shall prevail. 
 10.24 Copies and Facsimiles . This Agreement and all other documents (including, without limitation, the Loan Documents) which have been or may be hereinafter furnished by any Loan Party to any Agent or any Lender may be reproduced by such Agent or such Lender by any photographic, microfilm, xerographic, digital imaging, or other process. Any such reproduction shall be admissible in evidence as the original itself in any judicial or administrative proceeding (whether or not the original is in existence and whether or not such reproduction was made in the regular course of business). Any facsimile which bears proof of transmission shall be binding on the party which or on whose behalf such transmission was initiated and likewise so admissible in evidence as if the original of such facsimile had been delivered to the party which or on whose behalf such transmission was received. 
 10.25 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions . Solely to the extent any Lender or LC Issuer that is an EEA Financial Institution is a party to this Agreement and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Lender or LC Issuer that is an EEA Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of an EEA Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by 
 (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an EEA Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any Lender or LC Issuer that is an EEA Financial Institution and 
 (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable 
 (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability 
 (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such EEA Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or 
 (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of any EEA Resolution Authority. 
 ARTICLE XI GUARANTY 
 11.01 Guaranty . Each Guarantor hereby agrees that it is jointly and severally liable for, and, as primary obligor and not merely as surety, and absolutely and unconditionally guarantees to the Lenders the prompt payment when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, and at all times thereafter, of the Secured Obligations (collectively the Guaranteed Obligations , provided , that Guaranteed Obligations shall exclude any Excluded Swap Obligations). Each Guarantor further agrees that the Guaranteed Obligations may be extended or renewed in whole or in part without notice to or further assent from it, and that it remains bound upon its guarantee notwithstanding any such extension or renewal. 
 11.02 Guaranty of Payment . This Facility Guaranty is a guaranty of payment and not of collection. Each Guarantor waives any right to require any Agent, any LC Issuer or any Lender to sue any Borrower, any Guarantor, any other guarantor, or any other Person obligated for all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations (each, an Obligated Party ), or otherwise to enforce its payment against any collateral securing all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations. 
 
 11238955v2 
 153 
 11238955v21 

11.03 No Discharge or Diminishment of Facility Guaranty . 
 (a) Except as otherwise provided for herein, the obligations of each Guarantor hereunder are unconditional and absolute and not subject to any reduction, limitation, impairment or termination for any reason (other than the Guaranteed Obligations being Fully Satisfied), including (i) any claim of waiver, release, extension, renewal, settlement, surrender, alteration, or compromise of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, by operation of law or otherwise (ii) any change in the corporate existence, structure or ownership of any Borrower or any other guarantor of or other Person liable for any of the Guaranteed Obligations (iii) any insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization or other similar proceeding affecting any Obligated Party, or their assets or any resulting release or discharge of any obligation of any Obligated Party or (iv) the existence of any claim, setoff or other rights which any Guarantor may have at any time against any Obligated Party, any Agent, any LC Issuer, any Lender, or any other Person, whether in connection herewith or in any unrelated transactions. 
 (b) The obligations of each Guarantor hereunder are not subject to any defense or setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, or termination whatsoever by reason of the invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or otherwise, or any provision of applicable law or Regulation purporting to prohibit payment by any Obligated Party, of the Guaranteed Obligations or any part thereof. 
 Further, the obligations of any Guarantor hereunder are not discharged or impaired or otherwise affected by (i) the failure of any Agent, any LC Issuer or any Lender to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any remedy with respect to all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations (ii) any waiver or modification of or supplement to any provision of any agreement relating to the Guaranteed Obligations (iii) any release, non-perfection, or invalidity of any indirect or direct security for the obligations of each Borrower for all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations or any obligations of any other guarantor of or other Person liable for any of the Guaranteed Obligations (iv) any action or failure to act by any Agent, any LC Issuer or any Lender with respect to any collateral securing any part of the Guaranteed Obligations or (v) any default, failure or delay, willful or otherwise, in the payment or performance of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, or any other circumstance, act, omission or delay that might in any manner or to any extent vary the risk of such Guarantor or that would otherwise operate as a discharge of any Guarantor as a matter of law or equity (other than the Secured Obligations being Fully Satisfied). 
 11.04 Defenses Waived . To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each Guarantor hereby waives any defense based on or arising out of any defense of any Borrower or any Guarantor or the unenforceability of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations from any cause, or the cessation from any cause of the liability of any Borrower or any Guarantor, other than the Guaranteed Obligations being Fully Satisfied. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Guarantor irrevocably waives acceptance hereof, presentment, demand, protest and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any notice not provided for herein, as well as any requirement that at any time any action be taken by any Person against any Obligated Party, or any other Person. The Agent may, at its election, foreclose on any Collateral held by it by one or more judicial or nonjudicial sales, accept an assignment of any such Collateral in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise act or fail to act with respect to any collateral securing all or a part of the Guaranteed Obligations, compromise or adjust any part of the Guaranteed Obligations, make any other accommodation with any Obligated Party or exercise any other right or remedy available to it against any Obligated Party, without affecting or impairing in any way the liability of such Guarantor under this Facility Guaranty except to the extent the Guaranteed Obligations have been fully and indefeasibly paid in cash. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each Guarantor waives any defense arising out of any such election even though that election may operate, pursuant to applicable law, to impair or extinguish any right of reimbursement or subrogation or other right or remedy of any Guarantor against any Obligated Party or any security. 
 11.05 Rights of Subrogation . No Guarantor will assert any right, claim or cause of action, including, without limitation, a claim of subrogation, contribution or indemnification that it has against any Obligated Party, or any collateral, until the Loan Parties and the Guarantors have fully performed all their obligations to the Agents, the LC Issuers and the Lenders. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Facility Guaranty or any other Loan Document, no Guarantor may exercise any rights of subrogation, contribution, indemnity, reimbursement or other similar rights against, and may not proceed 
 11238955v2 
 154 
 11238955v21 

to seek recourse against or with respect to any property or asset of, any other Guarantor (any such Guarantor, a Foreclosed Guarantor or any Subsidiary of any Foreclosed Guarantor, including after the Termination Date, if all or any portion of the Guaranteed Obligations have been satisfied in connection with an exercise of remedies in respect of the Equity Interests of any such Foreclosed Guarantor which Equity Interests constitutes Collateral, whether pursuant to the Loan Documents or otherwise. 
 11.06 Reinstatement Stay of Acceleration . If at any time any payment of any portion of the Guaranteed Obligations is rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, or reorganization of any Borrower or otherwise, each Guarantor s obligations under this Facility Guaranty with respect to that payment shall be reinstated at such time as though the payment had not been made. If acceleration of the time for payment of any of the Guaranteed Obligations is stayed upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of any Borrower, all such amounts otherwise subject to acceleration under the terms of any agreement relating to the Guaranteed Obligations shall nonetheless be payable by the Guarantors forthwith on demand by the Lender. 
 11.07 Information . Each Guarantor assumes all responsibility for being and keeping itself informed of each Borrower s financial condition and assets, and of all other circumstances bearing upon the risk of nonpayment of the Guaranteed Obligations and the nature, scope and extent of the risks that each Guarantor assumes and incurs under this Facility Guaranty, and agrees that none of the Agents, any LC Issuer or any Lender shall have any duty to advise any Guarantor of information known to it regarding those circumstances or risks. 
 11.08 Intentionally Omitted. 
 11.09 Maximum Liability . The provisions of this Facility Guaranty are severable, and in any action or proceeding involving any state corporate law, or any state, Federal or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other law affecting the rights of creditors generally, if the obligations of any Guarantor under this Facility Guaranty would otherwise be held or determined to be avoidable, invalid or unenforceable on account of the amount of such Guarantor s liability under this Facility Guaranty, then, notwithstanding any other provision of this Facility Guaranty to the contrary, the amount of such liability shall, without any further action by the Guarantors or the Lenders, be automatically limited and reduced to the highest amount that is valid and enforceable as determined in such action or proceeding (such highest amount determined hereunder being the relevant Guarantor s Maximum Liability ). This Section 11.09 with respect to the Maximum Liability of each Guarantor is intended solely to preserve the rights of the Lenders to the maximum extent not subject to avoidance under applicable law, and no Guarantor nor any other Person or entity shall have any right or claim under this Section with respect to such Maximum Liability, except to the extent necessary so that the obligations of any Guarantor hereunder shall not be rendered voidable under applicable law. Each Guarantor agrees that the Guaranteed Obligations may at any time and from time to time exceed the Maximum Liability of each Guarantor without impairing this Facility Guaranty or affecting the rights and remedies of the Lenders hereunder, provided, that nothing in this sentence shall be construed to increase any Guarantor s obligations hereunder beyond its Maximum Liability. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing contained in this Agreement (including any provisions of this Article XI to the contrary) shall limit the liability of the Borrowers in respect of all of the Secured Obligations. 
 11.10 Contribution . In the event any Guarantor (a Paying Guarantor shall make any payment or payments under this Facility Guaranty or shall suffer any loss as a result of any realization upon any collateral granted by it to secure its obligations under this Facility Guaranty, each other Guarantor (each a Non-Paying Guarantor shall contribute to such Paying Guarantor an amount equal to such Non-Paying Guarantor s Guarantor Percentage of such payment or payments made, or losses suffered, by such Paying Guarantor. For purposes of this Article XI , each Non-Paying Guarantor s Guarantor Percentage with respect to any such payment or loss by a Paying Guarantor shall be determined as of the date on which such payment or loss was made by reference to the ratio of (i) such Non-Paying Guarantor s Maximum Liability as of such date (without giving effect to any right to receive, or obligation to make, any contribution hereunder) or, if such Non-Paying Guarantor s Maximum Liability has not been determined, the aggregate amount of all monies received by such Non-Paying Guarantor from any Borrower after the date hereof (whether by loan, capital infusion or by other means) to (ii) the aggregate Maximum Liability of all Guarantors hereunder (including such Paying Guarantor) as 
 11238955v2 
 155 
 11238955v21 

of such date (without giving effect to any right to receive, or obligation to make, any contribution hereunder), or to the extent that a Maximum Liability has not been determined for any Guarantor, the aggregate amount of all monies received by such Guarantors from any Borrower after the date hereof (whether by loan, capital infusion or by other means). Nothing in this provision shall affect any Guarantor s several liability for the entire amount of the Guaranteed Obligations (up to such Guarantor s Maximum Liability). Each of the Guarantors covenants and agrees that its right to receive any contribution under this Facility Guaranty from a Non-Paying Guarantor shall be subordinate and junior in right of payment to the Guaranteed Obligations being Fully Satisfied. This provision is for the benefit of all of the Agents, the LC Issuer, the Lenders, the Borrowers and the Guarantors and may be enforced by any one, or more, or all of them in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 11.11 Liability Cumulative . The liability of each Loan Party as a Guarantor under this Article XI is in addition to and shall be cumulative with all liabilities of each Loan Party to the Agents, the LC Issuer and the Lenders under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party or in respect of any obligations or liabilities of the other Loan Parties, without any limitation as to amount, unless the instrument or agreement evidencing or creating such other liability specifically provides to the contrary. 
 11.12 Release of Guarantors and Borrowers . Notwithstanding anything in Section 10.01(g) to the contrary, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (i) a Guarantor or a Borrower that is a Subsidiary shall automatically be released from its obligations hereunder, its Facility Guaranty and each other applicable Loan Document upon the consummation of any transaction permitted hereunder as a result of which such Guarantor or Borrower ceases to be a Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower and (ii) if a Guarantor or Borrower is or becomes an Immaterial Subsidiary, and such release would not result in any Immaterial Subsidiary being required pursuant to Section 6.12( d c to become a Loan Party hereunder (except to the extent that on and as of the date of such release, one or more other Immaterial Subsidiaries become Guarantors or Borrowers hereunder and the provisions of Section 6.12( d c are satisfied upon giving effect to all such additions and releases), such Guarantor or Borrower shall be automatically released from its obligations hereunder, its Facility Guaranty and each other applicable Loan Document upon notification thereof from the Lead Borrower to the Agent. In connection with any such release, the Agent shall execute and deliver to any Guarantor or Borrower that is a Subsidiary, at such Guarantor s or Borrower s expense, all documents that such Guarantor or Borrower shall reasonably request to evidence termination or release. Any execution and delivery of documents pursuant to the preceding sentence of this Section 11.12 shall be without recourse to or warranty by the Agent. 
 11.13 Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions . Solely to the extent any Lender or LC Issuer that is an Affected Financial Institution is a party to this Agreement and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Lender or LC Issuer that is an Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by 
 (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any Lender or LC Issuer that is an Affected Financial Institution and 
 (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable 
 (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability 
 (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or 
 11238955v2 
 156 
 11238955v21 

(iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 
 11.14 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs . To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for any Swap Contract or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support , and each such QFC, a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and or of the United States or any other state of the United States) 
 (a) In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 
 (b) As used in this Section 11.14 , the following terms have the following meanings 
 BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 
 Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 
 QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 
 
 Signature pages follow 
 11238955v2 
 157 
 11238955v21 

ANNEX II 
 
 Amended Schedules to Credit Agreement 
 
 See attached. 
 
 11271401 

SCHEDULE 1.04 

Existing Letters of Credit 
 
 Issuing Bank Applicant Amount Number Beneficiary Expiration Date 
 Bank of America, N.A. 
 Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 3,000,000 64010508 Apple Inc. 12 07 2023 Bank of America, N.A. 
 Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 1,759,360 68114750 Ace American Insurance Company 8 02 2023 

11300954v2 
 LEGAL_US_E # 169030906.2 

SCHEDULE 2.01 

Commitments and Applicable Percentages 

Lender Revolving Credit Commitment Applicable Percentage Bank of America, N.A. 57,000,000 15.000000000 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 57,000,000 15.000000000 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 57,000,000 15.000000000 Truist Bank, as successor by merger to SunTrust Bank 57,000,000 15.000000000 Capital One, National Association, as successor to Capital One Business Credit Corp. 39,520,000 10.400000000 Citizens Bank, N.A. 34,200,000 9.000000000 Regions Bank 34,200,000 9.000000000 PNC Bank, National Association 30,400,000 8.000000000 HSBC Bank USA, National Association 13,680,000 3.600000000 Total 380,000,000.00 100.000000000 

11300954v2 
 LEGAL_US_E # 169030906.2 

SCHEDULE 5.21(a) 

 DDAs 1 
 
 Bank 
 Contact 
 Borrower 
 Account No. 
 Account Purpose 
 Blocked Account 
 Concentration Account 
 Bank of America NC1-002-27-05 
 101 S Tryon Street Charlotte, NC 25255-0001 
 
 Mr. Thomas Bullard 100 Federal Street 
 Boston, MA 02110 
 Barnes & Noble College Booksellers, LLC 
 3750807819 Yes Barnes & Noble College Booksellers, LLC 
 3756557532 Barnes & Noble College Booksellers, LLC 
 4426650865 MBS Textbook Exchange, LLC 005045180689 
 Buyback 
 Capital One 
 201 St. Charles Avenue New Orleans, LA 70170 
 Mr. Tomas Brennan 
 299 Park Ave. Manhattan NY 10171 
 Barnes & Noble College Booksellers, LLC 
 8623399999 Yes 
 
 1 Account structure is subject to adjustment in accordance with the requirements of Section 6.13. 
 11300954v2 
 LEGAL_US_E # 169030906.2 

JP Morgan Chase 
 1 Chase Plaza, 8 th Floor New York, NY 10005-1401 
 Mr. Thomas J. Cox 270 Park Avenue New York, NY 10017 
 Barnes & Noble College Booksellers, LLC 
 134744233 Yes PaperRater, LLC 323072592 
 Checking 
 Yes BNED Digital Holdings sub account 313687698 BNED Digital Holdings sub account 323072592 Student Brands 262398610 Student Brands 262399899 Student Brands 262399378 Student Brands 262399089 Student Brands 262620062 Barnes & Noble Education, Inc 808115823 808115823 Yes Barnes & Noble Education, Inc, 808785039 808785039 Yes Barnes & Noble College Booksellers, LLC 
 135074795 Yes Yes Barnes & Noble College Booksellers, LLC 
 601880032 Barnes & Noble College Booksellers, LLC 
 117167680 Yes Barnes & Noble College Booksellers, LLC 
 151586550 Yes Barnes & Noble College Booksellers, LLC 
 475-010051 Yes Barnes & Noble College Booksellers, LLC 
 844040683 Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 808115823 705939079 Yes PNC 
 2 Tower Center 
 East Brunswick, NJ 08816 
 Mr. Paul Starman 
 340 Madison Avenue New York, NY 10173 
 Barnes & Noble College Booksellers, LLC 
 1028867401 Yes Barnes & Noble College Booksellers, LLC 
 1029142242 Regions Bank 
 1900 5 th Avenue North, 23 rd Floor 
 P.O. Box 10247 Birmingham, AL 35203 
 Mr. Bruce Kasper 
 250 Park Avenue New York, NY 10177 
 Barnes & Noble College Booksellers, LLC 
 0105147271 Yes Truist Bank 
 303 Peachtree Street 
 Atlanta, GA 30308 
 Mr. Hassan Sayed Barnes & Noble College Booksellers, LLC 
 1000022220155 Yes 

11300954v2 
 LEGAL_US_E # 169030906.2 

HSBC 
 425 Fifth Ave 
 4th Floor 
 New York, NY 10018 
 Stephen Santini 
 212-525-5799 
 Barnes & Noble College Booksellers, LLC 
 038018047 006329254001 
 Barrett Bencivenga 
 212.699.2854 
 Barnes & Noble College Booksellers, LLC 
 1335053465 1401315523 
 
 Yes 
 
 Eric Frandson 
 
 212-805-1613 
 Barnes & Noble College Booksellers, LLC 
 8018017262 8018017270 4066150160 4121396907 4122301781 4129895496 4941139537 4121612618 412-1612626 4943951541 4472504448 4944121516 4407176122 

Yes 

Yes (9537) 
 Yes (2618) 
 Yes (2626) 

Yes 
 Goldman Sachs 
 Jim Griffin 
 212-357-3233 
 Barnes & Noble Education, LLC 1885071271 Commerce Bank 
 Steve Sowers 
 573-886-5321 
 MBS Textbook Exchange, LLC 400149381 
 Payroll 
 MBS Textbook Exchange, LLC 400152412 
 Sight Drafts 
 MBS Textbook Exchange, LLC 403539297 
 Online Buyback 
 MBS Textbook Exchange, LLC 403546011 
 PayPal Funding 
 MBS Textbook Exchange, LLC 430000143 
 Disbursements Acct 

11300954v2 
 LEGAL_US_E # 169030906.2 

MBS INTERNET, LLC 403528114 
 Internet-Deposit Account 
 TXTB.com LLC 403539154 
 TXTB.com LLC (min bal) 
 TXTB.com LLC 430000469 
 TXTB.com Disbursements Acct 
 TextbookCenter LLC 403539164 
 TextbookCenter, LLC (min bal) 
 MBS Service Company LLC 403518954 
 MBS Service Company 
 MBS Service Company LLC 403518955 
 MBS Service Company-Payroll 
 MBS Service Company LLC 430000575 
 MBS Service Company- 
 Disbursements Buyback 
 MBS DIRECT, LLC 430000313 
 MBS Direct-Disbursements Acct 
 MBS DIRECT, LLC 403516098 
 MBS Direct-Credit Card Deposits 

11300954v2 
 LEGAL_US_E # 169030906.2 

SCHEDULE 5.21(b) 

 Credit Card Arrangements 
 
 Credit Card Processor Clearing House Contact Information Account No. Loan Party Worldpay Mike Halpin 
 C70538803 Barnes & Noble College Booksellers, LLC 
 American Express 
 Bhavna Sharma 200 Vesey Street New York, NY 347.821.9917 
 Stores - 6314304718 
 Web - 6319380101 
 Barnes & Noble College Booksellers, LLC 
 Discover Cori Honore 
 2500 Lake Cook Rd. Riverwoods, IL 224.405.5806 
 POS - 601100105321434 
 Web - 601100105466973 
 Barnes & Noble College Booksellers, LLC 
 PayPal Nikki Nemecek 866.831.7607 
 #9U823FEWSNDEL Barnes & Noble College Booksellers, LLC 
 Commerce Bank, NA Jennifer Bennett 430000469 TXTB.com LLC 
 11300954v2 
 LEGAL_US_E # 169030906.2 

Commerce Bank, NA Jennifer Bennett 403516098 MBS DIRECT, LLC Commerce Bank, NA Jennifer Bennett 400149403 MBS Textbook Exchange, LLC Commerce Bank, NA Jennifer Bennett 403518954 MBS Service Company LLC Commerce Bank, NA Jennifer Bennett 400149403 MBS Textbook Exchange, LLC Paymentech, LLC Albert Jimenez 210022 210032 Study Mode LLC WorldPay Kyle McKay 53631 Study Mode Holdings LLC (now Student Brands LLC) Study Mode LLC Educate Ahora LLC Etudier Facile LLC Trabalhos Feitos LLC Digital River World Payments, Inc. Zach Wismer 1604896139 Trabalhos Feitos LLC 
 11300954v2 
 LEGAL_US_E # 169030906.2 

Paypal Trevor Stoehr 8H6BWMRHHS32G Study Mode LLC Etudier Facile LLC Stripe N A Support PaperRater.com PaperRater, LLC 

11300954v2 
 LEGAL_US_E # 169030906.2 

ANNEX III 
 
 Amended Exhibits to Credit Agreement 
 
 See attached. 
 
 11271401 

APPENDIX V 
 (Immaterial Subsidiaries) 
 
 D-169 

EXHIBIT D 
 Form of Compliance Certificate 
 COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
 Date of Certificate ___________, 20____ 
 To Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent Ladies and Gentlemen 
 Reference is made to the Credit Agreement, dated as of August 3, 2015 (as amended, amended and restated, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified and in effect from time to time, the Credit Agreement by, among others, (i) Barnes & Noble Education, Inc., a Delaware corporation, as the lead borrower (in such capacity, the Lead Borrower for itself and the other Borrowers from time to time party thereto, (ii) the other Borrowers from time to time party thereto, (iii) the Guarantors from time to time party thereto, (iv) Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent and Swing Line Lender, (v) the Lenders from time to time party thereto, (vi) JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, and Truist Bank (successor by merger to SunTrust Bank), as Co-Syndication Agents and (vii) Citizens Bank, N.A. and Regions Bank, as Co-Documentation Agents. All capitalized terms used in this Compliance Certificate and not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meanings herein as in the Credit Agreement. 
 The undersigned, in her his capacity as a duly authorized and acting Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower, hereby certifies on behalf of the Lead Borrower and each of the other Loan Parties as of the date hereof the following 
 1. No Defaults or Events of Default . 
 (a) Since __________ (the date of the last Compliance Certificate delivered pursuant to Section 6.02 of the Credit Agreement, or, in the case of the first Compliance Certificate delivered after the Closing Date, the Closing Date), and except as set forth in Appendix I , no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 
 (b) If a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing since _________ (the date of the last Compliance Certificate delivered pursuant to Section 6.02 of the Credit Agreement, or, in the case of the first Compliance Certificate delivered after the Closing Date, the Closing Date), the Loan Parties have taken or propose to take those actions with respect to such Default or Event of Default as described on said Appendix I . 
 2. Financial Calculations and Covenant Compliance . 
 Since _______ __, _____ (the date of the last Compliance Certificate delivered pursuant to Section 6.02 of the Credit Agreement or, in the case of the first Compliance Certificate delivered after the Sixth Amendment Effective Date, the Sixth Amendment Effective Date), Availability has at all times equaled or exceeded the greater of (i) 10 of the Aggregate Loan Cap and (ii) 32,500,000. 
 3. Financial Statements . 
 Use following paragraph for Fiscal Year-end financial statements, to the extent required to be delivered pursuant to the Credit Agreement 
 Attached hereto as Appendix II is the Consolidated balance sheet of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the Fiscal Year ending _______ ___, ____, together with the related Consolidated statements of income or operations, Shareholders Equity and cash flows for such 
 D-1 

Fiscal Year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous Fiscal Year, which such Consolidated statements have been audited and are accompanied by a report and unqualified opinion of a Registered Public Accounting Firm of nationally recognized standing, which report and opinion were prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and are not subject to any going concern or like qualification or exception or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit. 
 Use following paragraph for Fiscal Quarter-end financial statements, to the extent required to be delivered pursuant to the Credit Agreement 
 Attached hereto as Appendix II is the Consolidated balance sheet of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the Fiscal Quarter ending _______ ___, ____, together with the related Consolidated statements of income or operations, Shareholders Equity and cash flows for such Fiscal Quarter, and for the portion of the Lead Borrower s Fiscal Year then ended, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for (i) the corresponding Fiscal Quarter of the previous Fiscal Year (if available), and (ii) the corresponding portion of the previous Fiscal Year (if available). 
 Use following paragraph for Fiscal Month-end financial statements, to the extent required to be delivered pursuant to the Credit Agreement 
 Attached hereto as Appendix II is the Consolidated balance sheet of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the Fiscal Month ending _______ ___, ____, together with the related Consolidated statements of income or operations, Shareholders Equity and cash flows for such Fiscal Month, and for the portion of the Lead Borrower s Fiscal Year then ended, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for (i) the corresponding Fiscal Month of the previous Fiscal Year (if available), and (ii) the corresponding portion of the previous Fiscal Year (if available). 
 4. No Material Accounting Changes, Etc . 
 (a) The financial statements furnished to the Administrative Agent for the Fiscal Year Fiscal Quarter Fiscal Month ending _______ ___, ____ fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, Shareholders Equity and cash flows of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries, as of the end of the period(s) covered, and were prepared in accordance with GAAP, subject only to, with respect to the quarterly and monthly financial statements, normal year end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes. 
 (b) Except as set forth in Appendix III , there has been no change in generally accepted accounting principles used in the preparation of the financial statements furnished to the Administrative Agent for the Fiscal Year Fiscal Quarter Fiscal Month ending _______ ___, ____. If any such change has occurred, a statement of reconciliation conforming such financial statements to GAAP is attached hereto in Appendix III . 
 5. Management Discussion . Attached hereto as Appendix IV is a discussion and analysis prepared by management of the Lead Borrower with respect to the financial statements delivered herewith. 
 6. Immaterial Subsidiaries . Attached hereto as Appendix V is a list of each Immaterial Subsidiary and its jurisdiction of formation as of the Fiscal Year Fiscal Quarter Fiscal Month ending _______ ___, ____. As of the end of the most recent Fiscal Quarter for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or Section 6.01(b) of the Credit Agreement (1) the total assets of all Immaterial Subsidiaries, is less than five percent (5.0 of the Consolidated total assets of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries, (2) no Immaterial Subsidiary owns any (i) assets included in the Borrowing Base or (ii) any Material IP, and (3) the gross revenues of all Immaterial Subsidiaries for the Measurement Period ended the last Fiscal Month included in such financial statements is less than five percent (5.0 of the Consolidated 
 D-2 

gross revenues of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such Measurement Period, in each case as determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 Remainder of page left blank intentionally signature page follows. 
 
 D-3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, a duly authorized and acting Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower, on behalf of the Lead Borrower and each of the other Loan Parties, has duly executed this Compliance Certificate as of _____________, 20____. 
 LEAD BORROWER 
 BARNES & NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. 

By 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 D-4 

APPENDIX I 
 Except as set forth below, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. If a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the following describes the nature of the Default or Event of Default in reasonable detail and the steps, if any, being taken or contemplated by the Loan Parties to be taken on account thereof. 
 
 D-5 

APPENDIX II 
 (Financial Statements) 
 
 see attached 
 
 D-6 

APPENDIX III 
 (GAAP) 
 
 see attached 

D-7 

APPENDIX IV 
 (MD&A) 
 
 see attached 
 D-8 

Barnes & Noble Education, Inc . 
 BNC Inventory, BNC CC Receivables, BNC Centralized Contract Res. as of xx xx xx MBS Inventory as of xx xx xx BNC & MBS A R as of xx xx xx 
 000's) Date 
 Cert. No. 
 
 Cos t 
 
 BNCB Beg. Inventory as of 
 BNCB Ending inventory as of 
 
 BNCB Net Eligible Inventory BNCB Inventory Advance Rate 
 
 BNCB Net Eligible Rental Inventory BNCB Inventory Rental Advance Rate 

MBS Beg. Inventory as of 
 
 MBS Ending inventory as of 
 
 MBS Net Eligible Current Non-Rental Inventory MBS Inventory Advance Rate 
 
 MBS Net Eligible Non-Current Inventory MBS Inventory Advance Rate 
 
 MBS Net Eligible Rental Inventory MBS Inventory Advance Rate 
 
 . 
 Inventory Availability 0.00 
 
 BNCB Trade Accounts Receivable MBS Trade Accounts Receivable 
 
 BNCB Net Trade Accounts Receivable MBS Net Trade Retail Accounts Receivable BNCB Trade Accounts Advance Rate 

85 
 Trade Accounts Receivable Availability 0.0 
 BNCB Credit Card Accounts Receivable BNCB Net Credit Card Accounts Receivable 
 BNCB Credit Card Accounts Receivable Advance Rate 

90 
 Credit Card Accounts Receivable Availability 0.0 
 Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. Availability before Reserves 0.0 
 
 LESS BNCB Centralized Contracts Reserve (A) 
 Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. Availability 0.0 
 
 Total Current Outstanding Principal Balance 
 
 ADD 

Total Loan Balance Prior to Request Net Availability Prior to Request 

Documentary Letters of Credit Standby Letters of Credit 
 
 Total LCs Outstanding 

Advance Request Paydown 

Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. Net Availability After Request 0.0 
 
 Subject to Advance Rate step-down in accordance with the component definition of Borrowing Base 
 
 The undersigned represents and warrants that (a) the information set forth above is true, complete and accurate, and has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Credit Agreement between Barnes & Noble Education, Inc., as the Lead Borrower (the Borrower ), Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the other parties from time to time party thereto (the Credit Agreement (b) no Default (as defined in the Credit Agreement) is presently in existence and (c) all or a portion of the advance requested hereby will be set aside by the Borrower to cover 100 of the Borrower s obligation for sales tax on account of sales since the most recent borrowing under the Credit Agreement. 
 Authorized Signer Thomas D Donohue Name Thomas Donohue Title EVP, CFO 
 
 (A) Lesser of Trade A R Available and Centralized Contracts Reserve. 
 (B) FILO draw occurs on Apr 1 and is repaid on Jul 31 per the draw schdule below 

4 1 19 Draw 100mm 7 31 19 Repay 100mm 
 4 1 20 Draw 75mm 7 31 20 Repay 75mm 
 4 1 21 Draw 50mm 8 2 21 Repay 50mm (weekend) 
 4 1 22 Draw 40mm 7 31 22 Repay 40mm 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-10.11>
 3
 bned-ex1011termloan1stamen.htm
 EX-10.11 TERM LOAN 1ST AMENDMENT

Document 
 Exhibit 10.11 
 
 Execution Version 

FIRST AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 
 This FIRST AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN CREDIT AGREEMENT , dated as of March 8, 2023 (this Amendment ), is by and among TopLids LendCo, LLC TopLids ), in its capacity as administrative agent pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement defined below (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ), the Lenders party hereto (which Lenders comprise all Lenders under the Existing Credit Agreement as of the date hereof), Barnes & Noble Education, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), and the other parties party hereto as Guarantors (collectively with the Borrower, the Loan Parties ). 
 W I T N E S E T H 
 WHEREAS , the Administrative Agent, TopLids, in its capacity as collateral agent pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement (in such capacity, the Collateral Agent ), the Persons signatory thereto as Guarantors and the lenders from time to time party thereto (collectively, the Lenders are parties to that certain Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated June 7, 2022 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or modified prior to the effectiveness of this Amendment, the Existing Credit Agreement capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Existing Credit Agreement, as modified by this Amendment, the Amended Credit Agreement ). 
 WHEREAS , the Borrower has requested that the Existing Credit Agreement be amended to, among other things, (a) extend the Maturity Date and (b) make certain other amendments to the Existing Credit Agreement, as more specifically set forth herein. 
 WHEREAS , by this Amendment and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Borrower and the Guarantors desire and intend to evidence the aforementioned amendments to the Existing Credit Agreement. 
 NOW THEREFORE , in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual agreements and covenants contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 1. Amendments to Existing Credit Agreement . Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, including the conditions set forth in Section 2 of this Amendment, t he Existing Credit Agreement (other than the annexes, schedules, and exhibits thereto) is hereby amended in its entirety to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example stricken text ), to add the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example double-underlined text ), and to move from its location the stricken text in green (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example moved from text and to move into its new location the double-underlined text in green (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example moved to text ), as set forth in the Amended Credit Agreement attached hereto as Annex I . 
 2. Conditions Precedent . This Amendment shall only be effective upon the satisfaction or waiver by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders of each of the following conditions precedent (the date of such satisfaction or waiver, the First Amendment Effective Date 
 (a) the Administrative Agent shall have received (unless otherwise specified) each of the following documents or instruments each of which shall be originals, facsimiles or other electronic transmission (in the case of facsimiles or other electronic transmission followed promptly by originals) unless otherwise specified, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent 
 (i) this Amendment, duly executed and delivered by the Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent and each Lender 
 (ii) that certain Confirmation, Ratification and Acknowledgement of Ancillary Loan Documents, dated as of the date hereof, duly executed and delivered by the Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent 

(iii) that certain Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, duly executed and delivered by the Loan Parties, the First Lien Agent and the lenders under the First Lien Credit Agreement 
 (iv) that certain Mutual Consent and Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the First Lien Agent, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and acknowledged and agreed to by the Loan Parties 
 (v) that certain letter agreement relating to Specified Events, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Borrower and the Administrative Agent 
 (vi) results of (i) searches of the UCC filings (or equivalent filings) and (ii) judgment, tax, and bankruptcy lien searches, made with respect to the Loan Parties in, with respect to searches in respect of clause (i), the states or other jurisdictions of organization of such Persons and, with respect to searches in respect of clause (ii), such other locations as are satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, together with copies of the financing statements (or, in the case of clause (ii), similar documents) disclosed by such searches 
 (vii) all documents and instruments, including Uniform Commercial Code financing statements, required by law or reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to be filed, registered or recorded to create or perfect the first priority Liens intended to be created under the Loan Documents 
 (viii) that certain Engagement Letter, dated as of August 26, 2022, duly executed and delivered by the Loan Parties and Houlihan Lokey Capital, Inc., reflecting compliance with the requirements of Section 6.23(a) of the Amended Credit Agreement 
 (ix) a certificate from a Responsible Officer of each Loan Party, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and dated as of the First Amendment Effective Date, certifying as being true, correct and complete, copies attached thereto (certified by a governmental official, where applicable) of (w) good standings in such entities jurisdiction of organization and primary place of business chief executive office, (x) current, certified charters or certificates of formation and bylaws, limited liability company agreements or other applicable organizational documents, (y) resolutions or other corporate action with respect to this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby (the First Amendment Transactions and (z) incumbency certificates and or other certificates of Responsible Officers of each Loan Party as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer thereof authorized to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this Amendment 
 (x) a certificate from the chief financial officer of the Borrower certifying that the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis after giving effect to this Amendment and the First Amendment Transactions, are Solvent 
 (b) the Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent, ratably for the account of each Lender that has executed and delivered a counterpart hereof, a non-refundable amendment fee equal to 50,000 
 (c) the Borrower shall have paid all invoiced and accrued fees and reasonable and documented expenses of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and their designated affiliates and each Lender in respect of this Amendment (including but not limited to (i) the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of counsel for the Administrative Agent and each Lender in respect of this Amendment and (ii) the fees described in Section 2(b) above) 
 (d) the Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders all fees and expenses due and payable on or before the First Amendment Effective Date (including but not limited to those fees described in Section 2(b) above and all expenses in connection 
 2 

with this Amendment required to be reimbursed in accordance with Section 10.04 of the Amended Credit Agreement) 
 (e) no order, injunction or judgment shall have been entered prohibiting the closing of this Amendment 
 (f) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred or be continuing and 
 (g) all representations and warranties contained in this Amendment (including those made in Section 3 hereof) are true and correct on and as of the First Amendment Effective Date. 
 For purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 2 , each Lender that has signed this Amendment shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required hereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received written notice from such Lender prior to the proposed First Amendment Effective Date specifying its objection thereto. 
 3. Representations and Warranties . In order to induce the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to enter into this Amendment, each of the Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby represents to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders as of the date hereof as follows 
 (a) Such Loan Party is duly authorized to execute and deliver this Amendment and is duly authorized to perform its obligations under the Amended Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party. 
 (b) The execution and delivery of this Amendment by such Loan Party do not and will not (i) contravene the terms of the Organization Documents of such Loan Party (ii) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of any Lien under (x) any Contractual Obligation to which such Loan Party is a party (other than Liens created under the Loan Documents in favor of the Collateral Agent for the ratable benefit of the Credit Parties or (y) any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which such Loan Party or its property is subject or (iii) violate any applicable Law. 
 (c) This Amendment is a legal, valid, and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar Laws relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors or by general equitable principles. 
 (d) As of the First Amendment Effective Date and after giving effect to this Amendment, the representations and warranties of the Borrower and each other Loan Party contained in Article V of the Amended Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection herewith or therewith, (i) which are qualified by materiality shall be true and correct, and (ii) which are not qualified by materiality shall be true and correct in all material respects, in each case, on and as of the First Amendment Effective Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct, or true and correct in all material respects, as the case may be, as of such earlier date, and except that the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 of the Amended Credit Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the most recent consolidated statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b), respectively, of Section 6.01 of the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 (e) As of the First Amendment Effective Date and after giving effect to this Amendment, each Loan Party has complied with and is in compliance with all of the covenants set forth in the Amended Credit Agreement, including those set forth in Article VI and Article VII of the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 3 

(f) As of the First Amendment Effective Date, both immediately before and after giving effect to this Amendment, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result herefrom. 
 4. Conditions Subsequent . 
 (a) No later than thirty (30) days after the First Amendment Effective Date (or such later date as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), the Loan Parties shall amend the limited liability company agreement of B&N Education, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company B&N Education ), to explicitly provide for the ability of the applicable Loan Parties to pledge the Equity Interests in B&N Education and certain other related amendments (such amended terms to be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent). Any failure of the Administrative Agent to receive evidence of such amendment to the limited liability company agreement of B&N Education, LLC thirty (30) days after the First Amendment Effective Date (or such later date as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) shall constitute an immediate Event of Default under the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 (b) No later than five (5) Business Days after the First Amendment Effective Date (or such later date as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), the Loan Parties shall cause to be delivered to the Administrative Agent and each Lender a favorable legal opinion of Paul Hastings LLP, counsel to the Loan Parties, addressed to the Administrative Agent and each Lender as to such matters concerning the Loan Parties, this Amendment, and any other Loan Documents delivered in connection herewith as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, which legal opinion shall be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
 5. GOVERNING LAW . THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (EXCEPT FOR THE CONFLICT OF LAWS RULES THEREOF, BUT INCLUDING GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402). 
 6. Binding Effect . This Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of each of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 
 7. Acknowledgement of Loan Parties . Each Loan Party hereby consents to the amendments and modifications to the Existing Credit Agreement effected hereby, and confirms and agrees that, notwithstanding the effectiveness of this Amendment, each Loan Document to which such Loan Party is a party is, and the obligations of such Loan Party contained in the Existing Credit Agreement, as amended and modified hereby, or in any other Loan Documents to which it is a party are, and shall continue to be, in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects, in each case as amended and modified by this Amendment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the execution of this Amendment shall not constitute a novation. 
 8. Reference to and Effect on the Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents . 
 (a) On and after the effectiveness of this Amendment, each reference in the Existing Credit Agreement to this Agreement , hereunder , hereof or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, and each reference in the Notes and each of the other Loan Documents to the Credit Agreement , thereunder , thereof or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, shall mean and be a reference to the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 (b) The Existing Credit Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents, as specifically amended and modified by this Amendment, are and shall continue to be in full force and effect and are hereby in all respects ratified and confirmed. 
 (c) The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not, except as expressly provided herein, operate as a waiver or novation of any right, power or remedy of any Lender, the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent under any of the Loan Documents, nor constitute a waiver or novation of any provision of any of the Loan Documents. 
 4 

(d) The Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Loan Parties agree that this Amendment shall be a Loan Document. 
 9. Waiver, Modification, Etc . No provision or term of this Amendment may be modified, altered, waived, discharged or terminated orally, but only by an instrument in writing executed by the party against whom such modification, alteration, waiver, discharge or termination is sought to be enforced. 
 10. Headings . The headings listed herein are for convenience only and do not constitute matters to be construed in interpreting this Amendment. 
 11. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract, and shall become effective as to each party hereto. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by facsimile or other electronic imaging means e.g. , via electronic mail in .pdf form) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Amendment and or any document to be signed in connection with this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be. 
 12. Further Assurances . Each of the parties to this Amendment agrees that at any time and from time to time upon the written request of any other party, it will execute and deliver such further documents and do such further acts and things as such other party may reasonably request in order to effect the purposes of this Amendment. 
 13. Release . In consideration of the agreements of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, each Loan Party, on behalf of itself and its successors, assigns, and other legal representatives (each Loan Party and all such other Persons being hereinafter referred to collectively as the Releasors and individually as a Releasor ), hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably releases, remises and forever discharges the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders, and their successors and assigns, and their present and former shareholders, affiliates, subsidiaries, divisions, predecessors, directors, officers, attorneys, consultants, advisors, employees, agents and other representatives (the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, each Lender and all such other Persons being hereinafter referred to collectively as the Releasees and individually as a Releasee ), of and from all demands, actions, causes of action, suits, controversies, reckonings, damages and any and all other claims, counterclaims, defenses, rights of set-off, demands and liabilities whatsoever (individually, a Claim and collectively, Claims of every name and nature, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, both at law and in equity, which any Releasor may now own, hold, have or claim to have against the Releasees or any of them for, upon, or by reason of any circumstance, action, cause or thing whatsoever which arises at any time on or prior to the day and date of this Amendment, in any way related to or in connection with the Existing Credit Agreement, the Amended Credit Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or transactions thereunder or related thereto. Each Loan Party understands, acknowledges and agrees that the release set forth above may be pleaded as a full and complete defense and may be used as a basis for an injunction against any action, suit or other proceeding which may be instituted, prosecuted or attempted in breach of the provisions of such release. Each Loan Party agrees that no fact, event, circumstance, evidence or transaction which could now be asserted or which may hereafter be discovered shall affect in any manner the final, absolute and unconditional nature of the release set forth above. 
 REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 
 
 5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 TOPLIDS LENDCO, LLC , as Administrative Agent and as a Lender 

By s William Carr 
 Name William Carr 
 Title President 
 
 Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 First Amendment to Term Loan Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 

VITAL FUNDCO, LLC , as a Lender 

By s Kenton W. Freeman 
 Name Kenton W. Freeman 
 Title President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 First Amendment to Term Loan Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 

BORROWER 
 
 BARNES & NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. , a Delaware corporation 
 
 By s Thomas D. Donohue 
 Name Thomas D. Donohue 
 Title Chief Financial Officer and 
 Executive Vice President 

Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 First Amendment to Term Loan Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 

GUARANTORS 
 
 B&N EDUCATION, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 BARNES & NOBLE COLLEGE BOOKSELLERS, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 BNED DIGITAL HOLDINGS, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 BNED LOUDCLOUD, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 BNED MBS HOLDINGS, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company (f k a Morocco Holdings, LLC) 
 EDUCATE AHORA LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 ETUDIER FACILE LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 MBS AUTOMATION LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 MBS DIRECT, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 MBS INTERNET, LL C, a Delaware limited liability company 
 MBS SERVICE COMPANY LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 MBS TEXTBOOK EXCHANGE, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 PAPERRATER, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 STUDENT BRANDS, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 STUDY MODE LLC , a California limited liability company 
 TEXTBOOKCENTER LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 TRABALHOS FEITOS, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 TXTB.COM, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 WORLDWIDE KNOWLEDGE LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 CRAM LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 
 By s Thomas D. Donohue 
 Name Thomas D. Donohue 
 Title Chief Financial Officer and 
 Executive Vice President 
 
 Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 First Amendment to Term Loan Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 

ANNEX I Conformed Copy of Term Loan Credit Agreement 
 See attached. 

Execution Version Annex I to 
 First Amendment to Term Loan Credit Agreement 

TERM LOAN CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 Dated as of June 7, 2022 
 As amended by the First Amendment as of March 8, 2023 
 
 among 
 
 BARNES & NOBLE EDUCATION, INC., 
 as the Borrower, 
 
 The Guarantors From Time to Time Party Hereto, 
 
 TOPLIDS LENDCO, LLC , 
 as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, 
 
 and 
 
 The Lenders From Time to Time Party Hereto, 

ANYTHING HEREIN TO THE CONTRARY NOTWITHSTANDING, THE LIENS AND SECURITY INTERESTS SECURING THE OBLIGATIONS EVIDENCED BY THIS TERM LOAN CREDIT AGREEMENT, THE EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHT OR REMEDY WITH RESPECT THERETO, AND CERTAIN OF THE RIGHTS OF THE PARTIES HERETO SHALL BE SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS OF THE INTERCREDITOR ARRANGEMENTS ENTERED INTO BY THE FIRST LIEN AGENT AND THE COLLATERAL AGENT, AND ACKNOWLEDGED BY THE BORROWER (THE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT ). IN THE EVENT OF ANY CONFLICT BETWEEN THE TERMS OF THE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT AND THIS AGREEMENT, THE TERMS OF THE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT SHALL GOVERN AND CONTROL. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Section Page 

 ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 1 
 1.01 Defined Terms 1 
 1.02 Other Interpretive Provisions 25 
 1.03 Accounting Terms 25 
 1.04 Rounding 26 
 1.05 Times of Day Rates 26 
 1.06 Intentionally Omitted 26 
 1.07 Ratio Adjustments for Acquisitions and Dispositions 26 
 ARTICLE II THE COMMITMENTS AND LOANS 28 
 2.01 Loans 28 
 2.02 Intentionally Omitted 28 
 2.03 Intentionally Omitted 28 
 2.04 Intentionally Omitted 28 
 2.05 Prepayments 28 
 2.06 Termination of Commitments 28 
 2.07 Repayment of Loans at Maturity 28 
 2.08 Interest 28 
 2.09 Fees 29 
 2.10 Computation of Interest and Fees 29 
 2.11 Evidence of Debt 29 
 2.12 Payments Generally Administrative Agent s Clawback 30 
 2.13 Pro Rata Treatment Sharing of Payments by Lenders 31 
 ARTICLE III TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY APPOINTMENT OF BORROWER 32 
 3.01 Taxes 32 
 3.02 Reserved 35 
 3.03 Reserved 35 
 3.04 Increased Costs 36 
 3.05 Reserved 36 
 3.06 Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders 36 
 3.07 Survival 37 
 ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO BORROWING 37 
 4.01 Conditions of Borrowing 37 
 ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 39 
 5.01 Existence, Qualification and Power 39 
 5.02 Authorization No Contravention 39 
 5.03 Governmental Authorization Other Consents 39 
 5.04 Binding Effect 39 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Section Page 

 5.05 Financial Statements No Material Adverse Effect 39 
 5.06 Litigation 40 
 5.07 No Default 40 
 5.08 Ownership of Property Liens 40 
 5.09 Intentionally Omitted 40 
 5.10 Insurance 40 
 5.11 Taxes 41 
 5.12 ERISA Compliance 41 
 5.13 Subsidiaries Equity Interests 41 
 5.14 Margin Regulations Investment Company Act 41 
 5.15 Disclosure 42 
 5.16 Compliance with Laws 42 
 5.17 Intellectual Property Licenses, Etc 42 
 5.18 Labor Matters 42 
 5.19 Security Documents 43 
 5.20 Solvency 43 
 5.21 Reserved 43 
 5.22 Reserved 43 
 5.23 Customer and Trade Relations 43 
 5.24 Storage Locations 43 
 5.25 OFAC 43 
 5.26 Anti-Corruption Laws 43 
 5.27 Affected Financial Institutions 44 
 5.28 Covered Entity 44 
 ARTICLE VI AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 44 
 6.01 Financial Statements 44 
 6.02 Certificates Other Information 45 
 6.03 Notices 46 
 6.04 Payment of Obligations 47 
 6.05 Preservation of Existence, Etc 47 
 6.06 Maintenance of Properties 48 
 6.07 Maintenance of Insurance 48 
 6.08 Compliance with Laws 49 
 6.09 Books and Records Accountants Corporate Separateness 49 
 6.10 Inspection Rights 49 
 6.11 Use of Proceeds 50 
 6.12 Additional Loan Parties Additional Collateral Further Assurances 50 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Section Page 

 6.13 Intentionally Omitted 51 
 6.14 Information Regarding the Collateral 51 
 6.15 Intentionally Omitted. 51 
 6.16 Intentionally Omitted. 51 
 6.17 Intentionally Omitted. 51 
 6.18 Intentionally Omitted. 51 
 6.19 Compliance with ERISA 51 
 6.20 Intentionally Omitted. 51 
 6.21 Anti-Corruption Laws Sanctions 51 
 6.22 Post-Closing Obligations 52 
 6.23 Specified Event Refinancing 52 
 ARTICLE VII NEGATIVE COVENANTS 54 
 7.01 Liens 54 
 7.02 Investments 56 
 7.03 Indebtedness Disqualified Stock 57 
 7.04 Fundamental Changes 58 
 7.05 Dispositions 58 
 7.06 Restricted Payments 60 
 7.07 Prepayments of Indebtedness 60 
 7.08 Change in Nature of Business 60 
 7.09 Transactions with Affiliates 60 
 7.10 Burdensome Agreements 60 
 7.11 Use of Proceeds 61 
 7.12 Amendment of Organizational Documents, Material Indebtedness or Certain Contracts 61 
 7.13 Corporate Name Fiscal Year 61 
 7.14 Anti-Layering 61 
 7.15 Intentionally Omitted. 61 
 7.16 Intentionally Omitted 61 
 7.17 Sanctions 62 
 7.18 Anti-Corruption Laws 62 
 ARTICLE VIII EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 62 
 8.01 Events of Default 62 
 8.02 Remedies Upon Event of Default 64 
 8.03 Application of Funds 64 
 ARTICLE IX ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 65 
 9.01 Appointment and Authority 65 
 9.02 Rights as a Lender 65 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Section Page 

 9.03 Exculpatory Provisions 65 
 9.04 Reliance by Agents 66 
 9.05 Delegation of Duties 67 
 9.06 Resignation of Agents 67 
 9.07 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders 67 
 9.08 Intentionally Omitted 68 
 9.09 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim 68 
 9.10 Collateral and Guaranty Matters 69 
 9.11 Notice of Transfer 69 
 9.12 Reports and Financial Statements 69 
 9.13 Agency for Perfection 70 
 9.14 Indemnification of Agents 70 
 9.15 Relation among Lenders 70 
 9.16 Intentionally Omitted. 70 
 9.17 Certain ERISA Matters 70 
 ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS 71 
 10.01 Amendments, Etc 71 
 10.02 Notices Effectiveness Electronic Communications 73 
 10.03 No Waiver Cumulative Remedies 74 
 10.04 Expenses Indemnity Damage Waiver 75 
 10.05 Payments Set Aside 76 
 10.06 Successors and Assigns 76 
 10.07 Treatment of Certain Information Confidentiality 79 
 10.08 Right of Setoff 80 
 10.09 Interest Rate Limitation 80 
 10.10 Counterparts Integration Effectiveness 80 
 10.11 Survival 81 
 10.12 Severability 81 
 10.13 Replacement of Lenders 82 
 10.14 Governing Law Jurisdiction Etc 82 
 10.15 Waiver of Jury Trial 83 
 10.16 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 83 
 10.17 USA PATRIOT Act Notice 84 
 10.18 Foreign Assets Control Regulations 84 
 10.19 Time of the Essence 84 
 10.20 Press Releases 84 
 10.21 Additional Waivers Keepwell 85 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Section Page 

 10.22 No Strict Construction 86 
 10.23 Attachments 86 
 10.24 Copies and Facsimiles 86 
 10.25 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions 86 
 10.26 Intercreditor Agreement 87 
 
 ARTICLE XI GUARANTY 87 
 11.01 Guaranty 87 
 11.02 Guaranty of Payment 87 
 11.03 No Discharge or Diminishment of Facility Guaranty 87 
 11.04 Defenses Waived 88 
 11.05 Rights of Subrogation 88 
 11.06 Reinstatement Stay of Acceleration 88 
 11.07 Information 89 
 11.08 Intentionally Omitted . 89 
 11.09 Maximum Liability 89 
 11.10 Contribution 89 
 11.11 Liability Cumulative 89 
 11.12 Release of Guarantors and Borrower 90 
 11.13 Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 90 
 11.14 Acknowledgment Regarding Any Supported QFCs 90 

SCHEDULES 
 1.03 Immaterial Subsidiaries 
 2.01 Commitments and Applicable Percentages 
 5.01 Loan Parties Organizational Information 
 5.06 Litigation 
 5.10 Insurance 
 5.12 ERISA Events 
 5.13 Subsidiaries Equity Interests 
 5.18 Collective Bargaining Agreements 
 7.01 Other Permitted Liens 
 7.02 Other Permitted Investments 
 7.03 Other Permitted Indebtedness 
 10.02 Administrative Agent s Office Certain Addresses for Notices 
 
 EXHIBITS Form of 
 A Note 
 B Assignment and Assumption 
 C Joinder Agreement 
 D-1-4 Tax Compliance Certificates 

TERM LOAN CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 This TERM LOAN CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Agreement is entered into as of June 7, 2022, among BARNES & NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. , a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), the Persons signatory hereto as Guarantors, each lender from time to time party hereto (collectively, the Lenders ), and TOPLIDS LENDCO, LLC , as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent. 
 The Borrower has requested that the Lenders make Loans to the Borrower, and the Lenders have indicated their willingness to lend, on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows 
 ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 
 1.01 Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below 
 Account means accounts as defined in the UCC, and also means, without limitation, a right to payment of a monetary obligation, whether or not earned by performance, (a) for property that has been or is to be sold, leased, licensed, assigned, or otherwise disposed of, (b) for services rendered or to be rendered, or (c) arising out of the use of a credit, debit or charge card or information contained on or for use with the card, including all payment intangibles (as defined in the UCC) consisting of amounts owing from credit card and debit card issuers and processors and all rights under contracts relating to the creation or collection of such payment intangibles. 
 ACH means automated clearing house transfers. 
 Acquired Companies means MBS Textbook Exchange, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, MBS Direct, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, TXTB.COM LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, TextbookCenter LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, MBS Internet, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, MBS Automation LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and MBS Service Company LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Acquisition means, with respect to any Person (a) the purchase of a Controlling interest in the Equity Interests of any other Person, (b) a purchase or other acquisition of all or substantially all of the assets or properties of another Person or of any business unit or line of business of another Person (other than acquisitions or openings of new stores in the ordinary course of business), (c) any Material Store Acquisition or (d) any merger or consolidation of such Person with any other Person or other transaction or series of transactions resulting in the acquisition of all or substantially all of the assets, or a Controlling interest in the Equity Interests, of any Person. 
 Actual Cash Receipts has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 Actual Disbursement Amounts has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 Actual Inventory Receipts has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 Additional Commitment Lender shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.15(c) . 
 Administrative Agent means TopLids LendCo, LLC in its capacity as administrative agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor administrative agent. 
 Administrative Agent s Office means the Administrative Agent s address and, as appropriate, account as set forth on Schedule 10.02 , or such other address or account as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Lenders. 
 1 

Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire for each Lender in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 
 Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. 
 Agent(s) means, individually, the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, and collectively means both of them. 
 Agent Parties shall have the meaning specified in Section 10.02(c) . 
 Aggregate Loan Cap has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 Agreement has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. 
 Applicable Percentage means with respect to any Lender at any time (i) on or prior to the Closing Date, the percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) of the aggregate Commitments of all Lenders at such time represented by such Lender s Commitment at such time and (ii) thereafter, the percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans at such time represented by the principal amount of such Lender s Loans at such time. The initial Applicable Percentage of each Lender in respect of the Loans is set forth opposite the name of such Lender on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable. 
 Approved Budget has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 Approved Budget Update has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 Approved Budget Variance Report has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 10.06(b)) , and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit B or any other form (including electronic documentation generated by use of an electronic platform) approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Attributable Indebtedness means, on any date, (a) in respect of any Capital Lease Obligation of any Person, the capitalized amount thereof that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP, and (b) in respect of any Synthetic Lease Obligation, the capitalized amount of the remaining lease or similar payments under the relevant lease or other applicable agreement or instrument that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP if such lease, agreement or instrument were accounted for as a capital lease. 
 Audited Financial Statements means (i) the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended May 1, 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, Shareholders Equity and cash flows for such fiscal year of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including the notes thereto, and (ii) the audited financial statements delivered to the Administrative Agent from time to time pursuant to Section 6.01(a) . 
 Availability has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 2 

Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 Bail-In Legislation means, (a)with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014 59 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, rule, regulation or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 Bank Products has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning specified in Section 11.14(b) . 
 Blocked Account Agreement means with respect to an account established by a Loan Party, an agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, establishing Control (as defined in the Security Agreement) of such account by the Collateral Agent. 
 Blocked Account Bank means each bank with whom deposit accounts are maintained in which any funds of any of the Loan Parties from one or more DDAs are concentrated and with whom a Blocked Account Agreement has been, or is required to be, executed in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 Borrower has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. 
 Borrower Consultant has the meaning specified in Section 6.10(b). 
 Borrower Materials has the meaning specified in Section 6.02 . 
 Borrowing Base has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 Budgeted Disbursement Amounts has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 Business means any and all business engaged in by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof on the date hereof and any other business reasonably related, incidental or complimentary thereto. 
 Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the Laws of, or are in fact closed in, the state where the Administrative Agent s Office is located or in New York, New York. 
 Capital Lease Obligations means, with respect to any Person for any period, the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as liabilities on a consolidated balance sheet of such Person under GAAP and the amount of which obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 CFC means a Person that is a controlled foreign corporation under Section 957 of the Code. 
 3 

Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority provided , that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in the implementation thereof and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law , regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. 
 Change of Control means an event or series of events by which 
 (a) any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, but excluding any employee benefit plan of such person or its subsidiaries, and any person or entity acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan) (other than Leonard Riggio, his spouse, his lineal descendants, and trusts for the exclusive benefit of any such individuals or the executor or administrator of the estate or the legal representative of any of such individuals or any entity controlled by them) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except that a person or group shall be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such person or group has the right to acquire, whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time (such right, an option right )), directly or indirectly, of 40.0 or more of the Equity Interests of the Borrower entitled to vote for members of the board of directors or equivalent governing body of the Borrower on a fully-diluted basis (including taking into account all such Equity Interests that such person or group has the right to acquire pursuant to any option right) or 
 (b) any change in control or similar event as defined in the First Lien Credit Agreement or 
 (c) the Borrower ceases to own, directly or indirectly, 100 of the Equity Interests of any Loan Party, except where such failure is as a result of a transaction expressly permitted, or otherwise not prohibited, by the Loan Documents. 
 Closing Date means the first date all the conditions precedent in Section 4.01 are satisfied or waived in accordance with Section 10.01 . 
 CME means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited. 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and the regulations promulgated thereunder, as amended and in effect. 
 Collateral means any and all Collateral as defined in any applicable Security Document and all other property that is or is intended under the terms of the Security Documents to be subject to Liens in favor of the Collateral Agent. 
 Collateral Access Agreement means an agreement reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Agents executed by (a) a bailee or other Person in possession of Collateral, or (b) a landlord of Real Estate leased by any Loan Party, in each case, including provisions pursuant to which such Person (i) acknowledges the Collateral Agent s Lien on the Collateral, (ii) releases or subordinates such Person s Liens, if any, in the Collateral held by such Person or located on such Real Estate, and (iii) as to any landlord, provides the Collateral Agent with access to the Collateral located in or on such Real Estate and a reasonable time to sell and dispose of the Collateral from such Real Estate. 
 4 

Collateral Agent means TopLids LendCo, LLC in its capacity as collateral agent under any of the Loan Documents, acting in such capacity for its own benefit and the ratable benefit of the other Credit Parties, or any successor collateral agent. 
 Collateral License has the meaning provided for such term in the Security Agreement. 
 Commitment means, as to each Lender, its obligation to make Loans to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01(a) , in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 2.01 or in any Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. 
 Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq .), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. 
 Communication has the meaning specified in Section 10.10 . 
 Confirmation Agreement means that certain Confirmation, Ratification and Acknowledgement of Ancillary Loan Documents, dated as of the First Amendment Effective Date, among the Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent. 
 Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
 Consent means actual consent given by a Lender from whom such consent is sought. 
 Consolidated means, when used to modify a financial term, test, statement, or report of a Person, the application or preparation of such term, test, statement or report (as applicable) based upon the consolidation, in accordance with GAAP, of the financial condition or operating results of such Person and its Subsidiaries. 
 Consolidated Adjusted Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 Consolidated EBITDA means, at any date of determination, an amount equal to Consolidated Net Income of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties on a consolidated basis for the most recently completed Measurement Period, plus (a) the following to the extent deducted in calculating such Consolidated Net Income (i) Consolidated Interest Charges, (ii) the provision for Federal, state, local and foreign income Taxes (net of any tax credits), (iii) depreciation and amortization expense, (iv) other expenses or losses reducing such Consolidated Net Income which do not represent a cash item in such period (including LIFO reserves) or any future period, and (v) expenses deducted in such period resulting from the issuance of Equity Interests permitted hereunder, provided, that such expenses are and will be non-cash items in the period when taken and in all later fiscal periods, (vi) fees and expenses incurred on or prior to the First Amendment Effective Date arising from the First Amendment Acquisition and the First Amendment, (vii) costs incurred after the First Amendment Effective Date but prior to the second anniversary of the First Amendment Effective Date associated with the implementation of public company compliance procedures of the Acquired Companies, and (viii) one time charges with respect to restructuring expenses (including, without limitation, employee retirement expenses) incurred at any time from the Closing Date through and including the first anniversary of the Second Amendment Effective Date, in an aggregate amount not to exceed 12,500,000, minus (b) all non-cash gains increasing Consolidated Net Income (in each case of or by the Borrower and the other Loan Parties for such Measurement Period), all as determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP provided, that Consolidated EBITDA shall be calculated to exclude (1) the effects of purchase accounting and transaction bonuses, to the extent such bonuses offset the purchase price of the First Amendment Acquisition and (2) all gains or income arising from the Disposition of any capital asset, subsidiary, division, business or line of business . 
 5 

Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 Consolidated Interest Charges means, for any Measurement Period, the sum of (a) all interest, premium payments, debt discount, fees, charges and related expenses in connection with borrowed money (including capitalized interest) or in connection with the deferred purchase price of assets, in each case to the extent treated as interest in accordance with GAAP, including, without limitation, all commissions, discounts and other fees and charges owed with respect to letters of credit and bankers acceptance financing and net costs under Swap Contracts, but excluding any non-cash or deferred interest financing costs, and (b) the portion of rent expense with respect to such period under Capital Lease Obligations or Synthetic Lease Obligations that is treated as interest in accordance with GAAP, in each case of or by the Borrower and the other Loan Parties for the most recently completed Measurement Period, all as determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 
 Consolidated Net Income means, as of any date of determination, the net income of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties for the most recently completed Measurement Period, all as determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, provided , however, that there shall be excluded (a) extraordinary gains (or extraordinary losses) for such Measurement Period, (b) the income (or loss) of any Subsidiary during such Measurement Period in which any other Person has a joint interest, except to the extent of the amount of cash dividends or other distributions actually paid in cash by such Subsidiary during such period, (c) the income (or loss) of any Person during such Measurement Period and accrued prior to the date it becomes a Loan Party or is merged into or consolidated with a Loan Party or such Person s assets are acquired by a Loan Party, and (d) the income of any Loan Party to the extent that the declaration or payment of dividends or similar distributions by that Loan Party of that income is not at the time permitted by operation of the terms of its Organization Documents or any agreement, instrument, judgment, decree, order, statute, rule or governmental regulation applicable to that Loan Party. 
 Contractual Obligation means, as to any Person, any provision of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. 
 Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 
 Covered Party has the meaning specified in Section 11.14(a) . 
 Covered Entity means any of the following (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b) (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b) or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 
 Covered Party has the meaning specified in Section 11.14(a). 
 Credit Party or Credit Parties means (a) individually, (i) each Lender, (ii) each Agent, and (iii) the permitted successors and assigns of each of the foregoing, and (b) collectively, all of the foregoing. 
 Credit Party Expenses means, without limitation, (a) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Agents and their respective Affiliates, in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including without limitation (i) the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of (A) counsel for the Agents, (B) outside consultants for the Agents, (C) appraisers, and (D) without duplication of any amounts reimbursed pursuant to the foregoing subclauses (i) (A) (C), all such reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of the Secured Obligations, (ii) in connection with (A) the administration and management of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or the preparation, negotiation, execution and delivery of the Loan Documents or of any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated thereby shall be consummated), (B) the enforcement or protection of their rights in 
 6 

connection with this Agreement or the Loan Documents or efforts to preserve, protect, collect, or enforce the Collateral or in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws, or (C) without duplication of any amounts reimbursed pursuant to the foregoing subclause (ii)(B), any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of any Secured Obligations, and (b) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Credit Parties who are not the Agents or any Affiliate of any of them, after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, including, without limitation, in connection with any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of the Secured Obligations, or enforcement or protection of their rights or efforts to preserve, protect, collect, or enforce the Collateral or in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws, provided , that such Credit Parties shall be entitled to reimbursement for no more than one counsel representing all such Credit Parties (absent a conflict of interest in which case the Credit Parties may engage and be reimbursed for additional counsel). All Credit Party Expenses shall be payable on written demand therefor accompanied by reasonable documentation with respect to any reimbursement, indemnification or other amount requested. 
 Cumulative Four-Week Period has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 Customary Dispositions has the meaning specified in Section 7.05(c) . 
 DDA means each checking, savings or other demand deposit account maintained by any of the Loan Parties. All funds in each DDA shall be presumed to be Collateral and proceeds of Collateral and the Agents and the Lenders shall have no duty to inquire as to the source of the amounts on deposit in any DDA, 
 DDA Notification has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally. 
 Default means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default. 
 Default Rate means an interest rate equal to the interest rate otherwise applicable to such Loan plus five percent (5.0 per annum. 
 Default Right has the meaning specified in Section 11.14(b) . 
 Designated Jurisdiction means any country or territory to the extent that such country or territory itself is the subject of any comprehensive Sanction. 
 Disposition or Dispose means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition (including any sale and leaseback transaction and any sale, transfer, license or other disposition of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions and whether effect pursuant to a Division or otherwise) of any property (including, without limitation, any sale of any Equity Interests in another Person) by any Person (or the granting of any option or other right to do any of the foregoing), including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith. 
 Disqualified Stock means any Equity Interest that, by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible, or for which it is exchangeable, in each case at the option of the holder thereof), or upon the happening of any event, matures or is mandatorily redeemable, pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, or redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part, on or prior to the date that is one hundred twenty (120) days after the Maturity Date provided , however , that (i) only the portion of such Equity Interests which so matures or is mandatorily redeemable, is so convertible or exchangeable or is so redeemable at the option of the holder thereof prior to such date shall be deemed to be Disqualified Stock and (ii) with respect to any Equity Interests issued to any employee or to any plan for the benefit of employees of the Borrower or any other Loan Party or by any such plan to such 
 7 

employees, such Equity Interest shall not constitute Disqualified Stock solely because it may be required to be repurchased by the Borrower or any other Loan Party in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations or as a result of such employee s termination, resignation, death or disability and (iii) if any class of Equity Interest of such Person that by its terms authorizes such Person to satisfy its obligations thereunder by delivery of an Equity Interest that is not Disqualified Stock, such Equity Interests shall not be deemed to be Disqualified Stock. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, any Equity Interest that would constitute Disqualified Stock solely because the holders thereof have the right to require a Loan Party to repurchase such Equity Interest upon the occurrence of a change of control or an asset sale shall not constitute Disqualified Stock. The amount of Disqualified Stock deemed to be outstanding at any time for purposes of this Agreement will be the maximum amount that the Borrower and the other Loan Parties may become obligated to pay upon maturity of, or pursuant to any mandatory redemption provisions of, such Disqualified Stock or portion thereof, plus accrued dividends. 
 Dividing Person has the meaning assigned to it in the definition of Division. 
 Division means the division of the assets, liabilities and or obligations of a Person (the Dividing Person among two or more Persons (whether pursuant to a plan of division or similar arrangement), which may or may not include the Dividing Person and pursuant to which the Dividing Person may or may not survive. 
 Dollars and mean lawful money of the United States. 
 Domestic Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of any political subdivision of the United States. 
 E-Commerce Agreement means that certain E-Commerce Agreement, dated as of December 20, 2020, among Borrower, Barnes & Noble College Booksellers, LLC, and MBS Textbook Exchange, LLC, and Fanatics, as in effect on the Third Amendment Effective Date and as it may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance herewith. 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a Subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 Electronic Copy has the meaning specified in Section 10.10 . 
 Eligible Assignee means any Person and, other than with respect to an Affiliate of a Person which is a Lender on the Closing Date, unless an Event of Default shall have occurred and is continuing, approved by the Borrower (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) provided , that notwithstanding the foregoing, Eligible Assignee shall not include (x) a Loan Party or any of the Loan Parties Affiliates or Subsidiaries or (y) a natural person. 
 Environmental Laws means any and all Federal, state, local, and foreign statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders, decrees, permits, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses, agreements or governmental restrictions relating to pollution and the protection of the environment or the release of any hazardous materials into the environment, including those related to hazardous substances or hazardous wastes, air emissions and discharges to waste or public systems. 
 8 

Environmental Liability means any liability, obligation, damage, loss, claim, action, suit, judgment, order, fine, penalty, fee, expense, or cost, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Subsidiaries directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal or presence of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 
 Equity Interests means, with respect to any Person, all of the shares of capital stock of (or membership or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of shares of capital stock of (or membership or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person or warrants, rights or options for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of such shares (or such membership or other interests), and all of the other ownership or profit interests in such Person (including partnership, member or trust interests therein), whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such shares, warrants, options, rights or other interests are outstanding on any date of determination. 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. 
 ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control with a Loan Party within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code for purposes of provisions relating to Section 412 of the Code). 
 ERISA Event means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan (b) a withdrawal by a Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer (as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA) or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA (c) a complete or partial withdrawal by a Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan or notification to a Loan Party that a Multiemployer Plan is in reorganization (d) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate, the treatment of a Plan amendment as a termination under Sections 4041 or 4041A of ERISA, or the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan (e) an event or condition which constitutes grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan (f) the determination that any Pension Plan is considered an at-risk plan or a plan in endangered or critical status within the meaning of Sections 430, 431 and 432 of the Code or Sections 303, 304 and 305 of ERISA or (g) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon a Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate. 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 
 Event of Default has the meaning specified in Section 8.01 . An Event of Default shall be deemed to be continuing unless and until that Event of Default has been duly waived or otherwise cured as provided in Section 10.01 hereof. 
 Excluded Accounts shall mean (a) payroll accounts, (b) health savings accounts, worker s compensation accounts and other employee benefits accounts, (c) payroll withholding tax accounts and other tax (including sales tax) remittance accounts and (d) any other account that is used solely as an escrow account or as a fiduciary or trust account and not otherwise prohibited under this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 Excluded Assets has the meaning provided for such term in the Security Agreement. 
 Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to any Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured 
 9 

by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its Lending Office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 10.13 or (ii) such Lender changes its Lending Office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 3.01(a)(ii), (a)(iii) or (c) , amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its Lending Office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 3.01(e) and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed pursuant to FATCA. 
 Executive Order has the meaning set forth in Section 10.18 . 
 Facility Guaranty means any Guarantee made by the Guarantors in favor of the Credit Parties, including as set forth in Article XI hereto or in any guaranty agreement in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 Fanatics means Fanatics Retail Group Fulfillment, LLC, and its permitted successors and assigns under the E-Commerce Agreement. 
 FASB ASC means the Accounting Standards Codification of the Financial Accounting Standards Board. 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471 (b) (1) of the Code, any intergovernmental agreements entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or official practices adopted pursuant to any such intergovernmental agreements. 
 Federal Funds Rate means, for any day, the rate per annum calculated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York based on such day s federal funds transactions by depository institutions (as determined in such manner as the Federal Reserve Bank of New York shall set forth on its public website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as the federal funds effective rate provided that if the Federal Funds Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 First Amendment has the meaning specified in the First Lien means that certain First Amendment to Term Loan Credit Agreement , dated as of March 8, 2023, among the Loan Parties party thereto, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto . 
 First Amendment Acquisition has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 First Amendment Effective Date has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement Amendment . 
 First Lien Agent means Bank of America, N.A., in its capacity as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent , as applicable, under the First Lien Loan Documents, and its permitted successors and assigns. 
 First Lien Credit Agreement means the Credit Agreement, dated as of August 3, 2015, by and among the Borrower, the other borrowers party thereto, the other loan parties party thereto, the lenders party thereto and the First Lien Agent, as amended, restated, amended and restated, modified, supplemented or waived prior to the Closing Date, and as may be further amended, restated, amended and restated, modified, supplemented or waived in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement. 
 10 

First Lien Loan Documents means Loan Documents as defined in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 Fiscal Month means any fiscal month of any Fiscal Year determined in accordance with the fiscal accounting calendar of the Loan Parties. 
 Fiscal Quarter means any fiscal quarter of any Fiscal Year determined in accordance with the fiscal accounting calendar of the Loan Parties. 
 Fiscal Year means any period of twelve (12) consecutive months ending on the Saturday that is closest to the last day of April of any calendar year. 
 FLC means Fanatics Lids College, Inc., together with its permitted successors and assigns under the Merchandising Agreement. 
 Foreign Assets Control Regulations has the meaning set forth in Section 10.18 . 
 Foreign Lender means (a) if the Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender that is not a U.S. Person, and (b) if the Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a Lender that is resident or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which such Borrower is resident for tax purposes. For purposes of this definition, the United States, each State thereof and the District of Columbia shall be deemed to constitute a single jurisdiction. 
 Foreign Subsidiary means any Subsidiary organized under the laws of a political subdivision outside of the United States. 
 FRB means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States. 
 FSHCO means any Domestic Subsidiary substantially all of the assets of which constitute Equity Interests or Indebtedness of CFCs. 
 Fully Satisfied means, with respect to any Secured Obligations or Obligations, as applicable, the full cash payment thereof, including all principal, interest and fees with respect thereto and any interest, fees and other charges accruing during a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law (whether or not such amounts are allowed or allowable in whole or in part in such proceeding), but shall not include any roll up of any Secured Obligations or Obligations in any debtor in possession financing during any such proceeding. For the avoidance of doubt, any requirement that a Secured Obligation or Obligation be Fully Satisfied or paid in full or similar provisions shall be deemed to refer only to Secured Obligations or Obligations that may be satisfied by cash payment (including cash collateral and similar arrangements) thereof. 
 Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or such other principles as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession in the United States, that are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination, consistently applied. 
 Governmental Authority means the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 
 11 

Guarantee means, as to any Person, any (a) any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such Person guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation payable or performable by another Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of such Person, direct or indirect, (i) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation, (ii) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance of such Indebtedness or other obligation, (iii) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity or level of income or cash flow of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation, or (iv) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part), or (b) any Lien on any assets of such Person securing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person, whether or not such Indebtedness or other obligation is assumed by such Person (or any right, contingent or otherwise, of any holder of such Indebtedness to obtain any such Lien), but excluding in all cases endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business. The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith. The term Guarantee as a verb has a corresponding meaning. 
 Guaranteed Obligations has the meaning specified in Section 11.01 . 
 Guarantor means each wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Borrower (other than any CFC, any Subsidiary of a CFC, any FSHCO or any Immaterial Subsidiary) and each other Subsidiary of the Borrower that is required to execute and deliver a Facility Guaranty pursuant to Section 6.12 provided , that (a) any Guarantors shall only cease to be a Guarantor as a result of such Guarantor ceasing to be a wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Borrower only if (i) at the time such Guarantor ceases to be a wholly-owned Subsidiary, the primary purpose of such transaction was for a bona fide business purpose (and, for the avoidance of doubt, any transaction the primary purpose of which is to evade the guarantee or collateral requirements pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be deemed not to be a bona fide business purpose for all purposes hereunder) and , (ii) the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying that any such transaction has been consummated in compliance with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and that such release is not prohibited hereby and (iii) such Guarantor that ceases to be a wholly-owned Subsidiary shall not own any Material IP and (b) no Loan Party as of the First Amendment Effective Date shall at any time constitute an Immaterial Subsidiary . 
 Hazardous Materials means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law. 
 Immaterial Subsidiary means each Foreign Subsidiary and each other Subsidiary of the Borrower that has, in accordance with Section 6.02(a) hereof, been designated by the Borrower in its certificate to the Administrative Agent as an Immaterial Subsidiary for purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, provided , that (a) for purposes of this Agreement, at no time shall (i) the total assets of all Immaterial Subsidiaries, as of the end of the most recent Fiscal Quarter for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or Section 6.01(b) hereof, equal or exceed five percent (5.0 of the Consolidated total assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, or (ii) any Immaterial Subsidiary own any assets included in the Borrowing Base or any Material IP , or (iii) the gross revenues of all Immaterial Subsidiaries for any Measurement Period equal or exceed five percent (5.0 of the Consolidated gross revenues of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such Measurement Period, in each case as determined in accordance with GAAP, and (b) no Subsidiary that has been designated or otherwise constitutes an Immaterial Subsidiary may be re-designated a Subsidiary or be treated under the Loan Documents as a Loan Party without the written approval of the Administrative Agent which approval will not be unreasonably withheld. As of the Second Amendment Effective Date, the 
 12 

Subsidiaries specified on Schedule 1.03 hereto are the only Subsidiaries designated by the Borrower as Immaterial Subsidiaries for purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Indebtedness means, as to any Person at a particular time, without duplication, all of the following, whether or not included as indebtedness or liabilities in accordance with GAAP 
 (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money and all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements or other similar instruments 
 (b) all direct or contingent obligations of such Person arising under letters of credit (including standby and commercial), bankers acceptances, bank guaranties, surety bonds and similar instruments 
 (c) net obligations of such Person under any Swap Contract 
 (d) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade accounts payable and corporate and purchasing card obligations in the ordinary course of business and, in each case, paid in accordance with the payment terms thereof and otherwise not past due for more than 90 days) 
 (e) indebtedness (excluding prepaid interest thereon) secured by a Lien on property owned by such Person (including indebtedness arising under conditional sales or other title retention agreements), whether or not such indebtedness shall have been assumed by such Person or is limited in recourse 
 (f) all Attributable Indebtedness of such Person 
 (g) (i) all Disqualified Stock and (ii) subject to the penultimate sentence of the definition of Disqualified Stock, all other obligations of such Person to purchase, redeem, retire, defease or otherwise make any cash payment, in each case under this clause (ii), on or prior to the date that is one hundred twenty (120) days after the Maturity Date, in respect of any Equity Interest in such Person or any other Person, valued, in the case of a redeemable preferred interest, at the greater of its voluntary or involuntary liquidation preference plus accrued and unpaid dividends and 
 (h) all Guarantees of such Person in respect of any of the foregoing. 
 For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint venture that is itself a corporation or limited liability company) in which such Person is a general partner or a joint venturer, unless such Indebtedness is expressly made non-recourse to such Person. The amount of any net obligation under any Swap Contract on any date shall be deemed to be the Swap Termination Value thereof as of such date. 
 Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in (a), Other Taxes. 
 Indemnitee has the meaning specified in Section 10.04(b) . 
 Information has the meaning specified in Section 10.07 . 
 Intellectual Property means all present and future trade secrets, know-how and other proprietary information trademarks, trademark applications, internet domain names, service marks, trade dress, trade names, business names, designs, logos, slogans (and all translations, adaptations, derivations and combinations of the foregoing) indicia and other source and or business identifiers, and all registrations or applications for registrations which have heretofore been or may hereafter be issued thereon throughout the world copyrights and copyright applications (including copyrights for computer 
 13 

programs) and all tangible and intangible property embodying the copyrights, unpatented inventions (whether or not patentable) patents and patent applications industrial design applications and registered industrial designs license agreements related to any of the foregoing books, records, writings, computer tapes or disks, flow diagrams, specification sheets, computer software, source codes, object codes, executable code, data, databases and other physical manifestations, embodiments or incorporations of any of the foregoing all other intellectual property and all common law and other rights throughout the world in and to all of the foregoing. 
 Intercreditor Agreement means that certain Subordination and Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the First Lien Agent, the Agents and the Loan Parties (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (including pursuant to the Mutual Consent)) which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall constitute a Loan Document . 
 Interest Payment Date means the first day of each calendar quarter and the Maturity Date. 
 Internal Control Event means (a) with respect to the Borrower, a determination by management or the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Borrower or by the Borrower s Public Accountants that (i) a material weakness in internal controls over financial reporting, as described in PCAOB Auditing Standard No. 5, exists in the Borrower s internal control over financial reporting, or (ii) a member of the senior management of the Borrower has committed a material act of fraud, and (b) with respect to the any Subsidiary of the Borrower, a determination by management or the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Borrower or by the Borrower s Public Accountants that (i) a material weakness in internal controls over financial reporting, as described in PCAOB Auditing Standard No. 5, exists in such Subsidiary s internal control over financial reporting, or (ii) a member of the senior management of such Subsidiary has committed an act of fraud, in either case under this clause (b) that could reasonably be expected to result in an Material Adverse Effect. 
 Inventory has the meaning given to that term in the UCC, and shall also include, without limitation, all (a) goods which (i) are leased by a Person as lessor, (ii) are held by a Person for sale or lease or to be furnished under a contract of service, (iii) are furnished by a Person under a contract of service, or (iv) consist of raw materials, work in process, or materials used or consumed in a business (b) goods of said description in transit (c) goods of said description which are returned, repossessed or rejected and (d) packaging, advertising, and shipping materials related to any of the foregoing. 
 Investment means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect acquisition or investment by such Person, whether by means of (a) the purchase or other acquisition of Equity Interests of another Person, (b) a loan, advance or capital contribution to, Guarantee or assumption of debt of, or purchase or other acquisition of any other debt or equity participation or interest in, another Person, including any partnership or joint venture interest in such other Person and any arrangement pursuant to which the investor Guarantees Indebtedness of such other Person, or (c) any Acquisition provided , however , that any amount payable by a vendor to any Loan Party with respect to the return of inventory or supplies by such Loan Party to such vendor in the ordinary course of business shall not constitute an Investment hereunder so long as (i) such amount has not been outstanding for more than 150 days and (ii) such inventory is not then included in the Borrowing Base. For purposes of covenant compliance, the amount of any Investment shall be the amount actually invested, without adjustment for subsequent increases or decreases in the value of such Investment. 
 Investment Bank means, collectively, Houlihan Lokey and its Affiliates (or any substitute or replacement investment banker acceptable to the Administrative Agent). 
 IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
 Joinder Agreement means an agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto and otherwise in form satisfactory to the Administrative Agent pursuant to which, among other things, a Person becomes a party to, and bound by the terms of, this Agreement and or the other Loan Documents in the same capacity and to the same extent as a Guarantor. 
 14 

Laws means each international, foreign, federal, state and local statute, treaty, rule, guideline, regulation, ordinance, code and administrative or judicial precedent or authority, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and each applicable administrative order, directed duty, request, license, authorization and permit of, and agreement with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law, including, without limitation, all Environmental Laws. 
 Lease means any agreement, whether written or oral, no matter how styled or structured, pursuant to which a Loan Party is entitled to the use or occupancy of any real property for any period of time. 
 Lender has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto and includes any Lender indicated on Schedule 2.01 and any other Person who hereafter becomes a Lender pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption Agreement . 
 
 Lending Office means, as to any Lender, the office or offices of such Lender described as such in such Lender s Administrative Questionnaire, or such other office or offices as a Lender may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, which office may include any Affiliate of such Lender or any domestic or foreign branch of such Lender or such Affiliate. Unless the context otherwise requires each reference to a Lender shall include its applicable Lending Office. 
 
 Licensed Merchandise means (a) with respect to merchandise subject to the Merchandising Agreement, Licensed Merchandise as defined therein and (b) with respect to merchandise subject to the E-Commerce Agreement, Licensed Merchandise as defined therein. 
 Licensed Merchandise Account has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 Lien means (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, or preference, priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement in the nature of a security interest of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale, Capital Lease Obligation, Synthetic Lease Obligation, or other title retention agreement, any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to real property, and any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing) and (b) in the case of securities, any purchase option, call or similar right of a third party with respect to such securities. 
 Liquidation means the exercise by the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent of those rights and remedies accorded to such Agents under the Loan Documents and applicable Law as a creditor of the Loan Parties with respect to the realization on the Collateral, including (after the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default) the conduct by the Loan Parties acting with the consent of the Collateral Agent, of any public, private or going-out-of-business , store closing or other similar sale or any other disposition of the Collateral for the purpose of liquidating the Collateral. Derivations of the word Liquidation (such as Liquidate are used with like meaning in this Agreement. 
 Liquidity means, at any time, Availability plus cash and cash equivalents of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries at such time. 
 Loan means an extension of credit by a Lender to the Borrower under Article II . 
 Loan Documents means this Agreement, each Note, the Security Documents, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Facility Guaranty, the Confirmation Agreement, and any other instrument or agreement now or hereafter executed and delivered in connection herewith, each as amended and in effect from time to time. 
 Loan Party means the Borrower and each Guarantor. 
 Material Adverse Effect means (a) a material adverse change in, or a material adverse effect upon, the operations, business, properties, liabilities (actual or contingent), or financial condition of any Loan Party or the Borrower and the other Loan Parties taken as a whole (b) impairment of the ability of 
 15 

any Loan Party to perform its material obligations under any material Loan Document to which it is a party or (c) a material impairment of the rights and remedies of the Agent or the Lenders under any material Loan Document or a material adverse effect upon the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability against any Loan Party of any Loan Document to which it is a party. In determining whether any individual event would result in a Material Adverse Effect, notwithstanding that such event in and of itself does not have such effect, a Material Adverse Effect may be deemed to have occurred if the cumulative effect of such event and all other then existing events would result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Material Indebtedness means Indebtedness (other than the Obligations) of the Loan Parties in an aggregate principal amount exceeding 35,000,000 15,000,000 . For purposes of determining the amount of Material Indebtedness at any time, the amount of the obligations in respect of any Swap Contract at such time shall be calculated at the Swap Termination Value thereof. 
 Material IP means any intellectual property owned by the Borrower or any Subsidiary to the extent such intellectual property is material to the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (taken as a whole). 
 Material Storage Location means any warehouse or other leased storage or distribution facility in which 10,000,000 or more of Inventory is or may be located from time to time 
 Material Store Acquisition means the acquisition of more than 50 bookstore contracts or leases in a single transaction or series of related transactions, either through assumption or replacement of existing contracts or leases between third parties and the applicable college, university or other educational institution. 
 Maturity Date means June December 7, 2024 provided that if such day is not a Business Day, the Maturity Date shall be the Business Day immediately preceding such day . 
 Maximum Rate has the meaning provided therefor in Section 10.09 . 
 Measurement Period means, at any date of determination, the most recently completed twelve (12) consecutive Fiscal Months of the Borrower for which financial statements have or should have been delivered in accordance with Section 6.01 . 
 Merchandising Agreement means that certain Store Merchandising Agreement, dated as of December 20, 2020, among Borrower, Barnes & Noble College Booksellers, LLC, and MBS Textbook Exchange, LLC, and FLC, as in effect on the Third Amendment Effective Date and as it may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance herewith. 
 Merchandising Agreement Side Letter has the meaning specified in the Third Amendment. 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto. 
 Multiemployer Plan means any employee benefit plan of the type described in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which a Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions, or during the preceding three plan years, has made or been obligated to make contributions. 
 Multiple Employer Plan means a Plan which has two or more contributing sponsors (including the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate) at least two of whom are not under common control, as such a plan is described in Section 4064 of ERISA. 
 Mutual Consent means that certain Mutual Consent and Agreement, dated as of the First Amendment Effective Date, by and among the First Lien Agent, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and acknowledged and agreed to by the Borrower and the other Loan Parties 
 16 

Net Proceeds means (a) with respect to any Disposition described in Section 2.05(e) , the excess, if any, of (i) the sum of cash and cash equivalents received in connection with such transaction (including any cash or cash equivalents received by way of deferred payment pursuant to, or by monetization of, a note receivable or otherwise, but only as and when so received) over (ii) the sum of (A) the principal amount of any Indebtedness that is secured by the applicable asset by a Lien permitted hereunder which is senior to the Collateral Agent s Lien on such asset and that is required to be repaid (or to establish an escrow for the future repayment thereof) in connection with such transaction (other than Indebtedness under the Loan Documents or Indebtedness under the First Lien Credit Agreement ), (B) the reasonable and customary out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such Loan Party in connection with such transaction (including, without limitation, appraisals, and brokerage, legal, title and recording or transfer tax expenses and commissions) paid by any Loan Party to third parties (other than Affiliates)), (C) commercially reasonable amounts provided as a funded reserve against any liabilities under any indemnification obligations or purchase price adjustments associated with such Dispositions, and (D) all federal, state, provincial, foreign and local taxes required to be accrued as a liability under GAAP, and (b) with respect to the sale or issuance of any Equity Interest by any Loan Party, or the incurrence or issuance of any Indebtedness by any Loan Party, the excess of (i) the sum of the cash and cash equivalents received in connection with such transaction over (ii) the sum of (x) the underwriting discounts and commissions or arrangement or commitment fees payable, and other reasonable and customary out-of-pocket expenses, incurred by such Loan Party in connection therewith and (y) all distributions and other payments required to be made to minority interest holders in such Person as a result of such sale. 
 Non-Consenting Lender has the meaning provided therefor in Section 10.01 . 
 Note means (a) a promissory note made by the Borrower in favor of a Lender evidencing Loans made by such Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit A , as may be amended, supplemented or modified from time to time. 
 Obligations means all advances to, and debts (including principal, interest, fees, costs, and expenses), liabilities, obligations, covenants, indemnities, and duties of, any Loan Party arising under any Loan Document or otherwise with respect to any Loan (including payments in respect of reimbursement of disbursements and interest thereon), whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest, fees, costs and expenses that accrue after the commencement by or against any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest, fees, costs and expenses are allowed claims in such proceeding. 
 OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury. 
 Organization Documents means, (a) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction) (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization and operating agreement and (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or organization and any agreement, instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any certificate or articles of formation or organization of such entity. 
 Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 
 17 

Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 3.06 ). 
 Outstanding Amount means on any date, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Loans after giving effect to any prepayments or repayments of Loans occurring on such date. 
 Participant has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(d) . 
 Participant Register has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(d) . 
 Patriot Act shall have the meaning provided in Section 4.01(f) . 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. 
 PCAOB means the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. 
 Pension Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA), other than a Multiemployer Plan, that is subject to Title IV of ERISA and is sponsored or maintained by a Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate or to which a Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate contributes or has an obligation to contribute, or in the case of a Multiple Employer Plan, has made contributions at any time during the immediately preceding three plan years. 
 Perfection Certificate means that certain Perfection Certificate, dated as of the Closing Date, made by the Borrower to the Collateral Agent. 
 Permitted Acquisition means , subject to the proviso at the end of this definition, an Acquisition in which all of the following conditions are satisfied 
 (a) no Default then exists or would arise from the consummation of such Acquisition 
 (b) (i) if such Acquisition will be funded in whole or in part by proceeds of Loans, such Acquisition is not hostile and (ii) any assets acquired shall be utilized in, and if the Acquisition involves a merger, consolidation or stock acquisition, the Person which is the subject of such Acquisition shall be engaged in, a business substantially the same as one or more line or lines of Business 
 (c) the Borrower shall have furnished the Administrative Agent with at least seven (7) days prior written notice (or such shorter period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion) of each such intended Acquisition, including confirmation that all conditions to such intended Acquisition under this definition have been satisfied or will be satisfied in accordance with the terms hereof 
 (d) if as of the notice date determined in accordance with the foregoing clause (c) with respect to such proposed Acquisition (in a single or series of related transactions) (i) Availability is less than or equal to fifty percent (50.0 of the Aggregate Loan Cap as of such date and (ii) the aggregate consideration (whether in cash, tangible property, notes or other property) is equal to or in excess of 30,000,000, the Borrower promptly (and in any event, no less than seven (7) Business Days prior to the consummation of such Acquisition or such shorter period as may otherwise be agreed by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) shall furnish to the Administrative Agent such documentation, if any, that the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, which may include a current draft of the documents, agreements and instruments contemplated to be executed in connection therewith (and final copies thereof as and when executed), and a summary of any due diligence undertaken by the Loan Parties in 
 18 

connection with such Acquisition in the form prepared by the Loan Parties for their internal purposes and 
 (e) either, 
 (i) Projected Excess Availability and Pro Forma Excess Availability as of the date of consummation of such Acquisition will be equal to or greater than twelve and one half percent (12.5 of the Aggregate Loan Cap and the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, on a pro-forma basis for the Measurement Period immediately prior to such Acquisition, will be equal to or greater than 1.0 to 1.0 or 
 (ii) Projected Excess Availability and Pro Forma Excess Availability as of the date of consummation of such Acquisition will be equal to or greater than twenty percent (20.0 of the Aggregate Loan Cap . 
 provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, from and after the First Amendment Effective Date, no Acquisition shall constitute a Permitted Acquisition. 
 Permitted Disposition has the meaning specified in Section 7.05 . 
 Permitted Encumbrances has the meaning specified in Section 7.01 . 
 Permitted Indebtedness has the meaning specified in Section 7.03 . 
 Permitted Investments has the meaning specified in Section 7.02 . 
 Permitted Refinancing means, with respect to any Indebtedness, any refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension of such Indebtedness, so long as (i) the amount of such Indebtedness is not increased at the time of such refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension except by an amount equal to a reasonable premium or other reasonable amount paid, and fees and expenses reasonably incurred, in connection with such refinancing and by an amount equal to any existing commitments unutilized thereunder, and the direct or contingent obligor with respect thereto is not changed as a result of or in connection with such refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension, (ii) such extension, renewal or replacement shall not result in an earlier maturity date or decreased weighted average life of such Indebtedness, and (iii) the terms relating to principal amount, amortization, maturity, collateral (if any) and subordination (if any), and other material terms taken as a whole, of any such refinancing, refunding, renewing or extending Indebtedness, and of any agreement entered into and of any instrument issued in connection therewith, are not materially less favorable, taken as a whole, to the Credit Parties than the terms of any agreement or instrument governing the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended or are otherwise market terms. 
 Permitted Self-Insurance Program means a self-insurance program of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties (a)(i) that is permitted under applicable Laws, (ii) of an amount and type customarily carried by Persons engaged in the same or similar business and operating in the same or similar locations, (iii) with respect to which the Borrower has provided the Administrative Agent notice of activation of such program at least 30 days prior to such program becoming effective, and (iv) that otherwise satisfies the requirements set forth in Section 6.07 provided , however , that no self-insurance program may directly insure all or any portion of the Collateral unless (x) such self-insurance program satisfies the foregoing requirements and (y) the First Lien Agent consents in writing to the form and substance of such self-insurance program and (b) with respect to worker s compensation that is permitted under applicable Laws and of an amount and type customarily carried by Persons engaged in the same or similar business and operating in the same or similar locations. 
 Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, limited partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 
 PIK Interest has the meaning specified in Section 2.08(c) . 
 19 

Plan means any employee benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) established by the Borrower or, with respect to any such plan that is subject to Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of ERISA, any ERISA Affiliate. 
 Platform has the meaning specified in Section 6.02 . 
 Pro Forma Excess Availability means, for any date of calculation, the pro forma average Availability for each Fiscal Month for the Six Month Period most recently ended prior to such date of calculation determined as if the applicable transaction or payment had been consummated as the beginning of such Six Month Period. 
 Projected Excess Availability means, for any date of calculation, the projected average Availability for each Fiscal Month during the Six Month Period immediately following such date of calculation. 
 PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 Public Lender has the meaning specified in Section 6.02 . 
 Qualifying Disposition means any Disposition pursuant to Section 7.05(l) generating Net Proceeds in excess of 1,000,000, the Net Proceeds of which are not required to be applied to the prepayment of the obligations under the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 Qualifying Refinancing Transaction means a debt or equity financing transaction entered into for the purposes of refinancing the Obligations and generating Net Proceeds in an amount sufficient to repay all outstanding FILO Loans under and as defined in the First Lien Credit Agreement , subject to the limitations set forth in the Intercreditor Agreement . 
 QFC has the meaning specified in Section 11.14(b) . 
 QFC Credit Support has the meaning specified in Section 11.14 . 
 Real Estate means (i) all land, together with the buildings, structures, parking areas, and other improvements thereon, now or hereafter owned by any Loan Party, including all easements, rights-of-way, and similar rights of a Loan Party or in favor of a Loan Party relating thereto and all leases, tenancies, and occupancies thereof and (ii) all Leases. 
 Real Property means real property as such term is used in the UCC. 
 Recipient means the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any Lender, or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party hereunder. 
 Register has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(c) . 
 Registered Public Accounting Firm has the meaning specified by the Securities Laws, if and to the extent such Registered Public Accounting Firm is nationally recognized, and shall be independent of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as prescribed by the Securities Laws. 
 Regulation U means Regulation U of the FRB, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 Related Parties means, with respect to any Person, such Person s Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors and representatives of such Person and of such Person s Affiliates. 
 20 

Relevant Governmental Body means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. 
 Reportable Event means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than events for which the 30 day notice period has been waived. 
 Reports has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 Required Lenders means, as of any date of determination, Lenders holding more than 50.0 of the outstanding Loans. 
 Rescindable Amount has the meaning as defined in Section 2.12(b)(ii) . 
 Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 Responsible Officer means the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, treasurer or assistant treasurer or vice president or director of finance of a Loan Party or any of the other individuals designated in writing to the Administrative Agent by an existing Responsible Officer of a Loan Party as an authorized signatory of any certificate or other document to be delivered hereunder, provided , that solely for purposes of the delivery of incumbency certificates pursuant to Section 4.01 , Responsible Officer shall also include the secretary or any assistant secretary of a Loan Party. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and or other action on the part of such Loan Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party. 
 Restricted Payment means any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any capital stock or other Equity Interest of any Person, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, defeasance, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such capital stock or other Equity Interest, or on account of any return of capital to such Person s stockholders, partners or members (or the equivalent of any thereof), or any option, warrant or other right to acquire any such dividend or other distribution or payment. Without limiting the foregoing, Restricted Payments with respect to any Person shall also include all payments made by such Person with any proceeds of a dissolution or liquidation of such Person. 
 S&P means Standard & Poor s Financial Services LLC, a subsidiary of S&P Global Inc. and any successor thereto. 
 Sanction(s) means any sanction administered or enforced by the United States Government (including without limitation, OFAC), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her His Majesty s Treasury HMT or other relevant sanctions authority 
 Sarbanes-Oxley means the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Scheduled Unavailability Date has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(c) . 
 SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions. 
 Second Amendment Effective Date has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 Secured Obligations means all Obligations and all Guaranteed Obligations. 
 21 

Securities Account Control Agreement means with respect to a securities account established by a Loan Party, an agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, establishing Control (as defined in the Security Agreement) of such account by the Collateral Agent. 
 Securities Laws means the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Sarbanes-Oxley, and the applicable accounting and auditing principles, rules, standards and practices promulgated, approved or incorporated by the SEC or the PCAOB. 
 Security Agreement means the Second Lien Security Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, among the Loan Parties and the Collateral Agent. 
 Security Documents means the Security Agreement, the Blocked Account Agreements, the Securities Account Control Agreements, the DDA Notifications, the deposit account control agreement with respect to the Licensed Merchandise Account and each other security agreement or other instrument or document executed and delivered to the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document granting a Lien to secure any of the Secured Obligations (including, without limitation, any Lien that may be granted from time to time upon all or any portion of the Excluded Assets in accordance with Section 6.12(e) ). 
 Shareholders Equity means, as of any date of determination, consolidated shareholders equity of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of that date determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 Six Month Period means any period of six (6) consecutive Fiscal Months taken as one accounting period. 
 Solvent and Solvency means, with respect to any Person on a particular date, that on such date (a) at fair valuation, the value of all of the properties and assets of such Person are greater than the sum of the debts, including contingent liabilities, of such Person, (b) the present fair saleable value of the properties and assets of such Person is not less than the amount that would be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts as they become absolute and matured, (c) such Person is able to realize upon its properties and assets and pay its debts and other liabilities, contingent obligations and other commitments as they mature in the normal course of business, (d) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts beyond such Person s ability to pay as such debts mature, and (e) such Person is not engaged in a business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in a business or transaction, for which such Person s properties and assets would constitute unreasonably small capital after giving due consideration to the prevailing practices in the industry in which such Person is engaged. The amount of all guarantees at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in light of all the facts and circumstances existing at the time, can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability. 
 Specified Default means any event or condition that constitutes, or with the passage of time would constitute, an Event of Default under any of clauses (a), (f), (g), (k) or (l) of Section 8.01 . 
 Specified Event means a liquidity event, which may include a sale of Equity Interests or a Disposition of assets related to one or more of the Loan Parties business units and any associated Intellectual Property used exclusively therewith, in each case, that is made for all cash consideration and specified to the Administrative Agent in writing as of the First Amendment Effective Date or, with the written consent of the Administrative Agent, prior to the consummation thereof provided, however, in each case such liquidity event (including, without limitation, the applicable Loan Parties application of the proceeds thereof) is in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement. 
 Specified Event Closing Date means each date that a Specified Event is consummated. 
 Specified Refinancing Transaction has the meaning specified in Section 6.23(b). 
 Store means any retail store (which may include any real property, fixtures, equipment, inventory and other property related thereto) operated, or to be operated, by any Loan Party. 
 22 

Successor Rate has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(b). 
 Subsidiary of a Person means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other business entity of which a majority of the shares Equity Interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body (other than securities or interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) are at the time beneficially owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of a Loan Party. 
 Supported QFC has the meaning specified in Section 11.14 . 
 Swap Contract means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a Master Agreement ), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement. 
 Swap Obligations means with respect to the Borrower or any Guarantor any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of Section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 Swap Termination Value means, in respect of any one or more Swap Contracts, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Swap Contracts, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Contracts have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Swap Contracts, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap Contracts (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender). 
 Synthetic Lease Obligation means the monetary obligation of a Person under (a) a so-called synthetic, off-balance sheet or tax retention lease, or (b) an agreement for the use or possession of property (including sale and leaseback transactions), in each case, creating obligations that do not appear on the balance sheet of such Person but which, upon the application of any Debtor Relief Laws to such Person, would be characterized as the indebtedness of such Person (without regard to accounting treatment). 
 Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholdings), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 Termination Date means the earliest to occur of (i) the Maturity Date or (ii) the date on which the maturity of the Obligations is accelerated (or deemed accelerated) in accordance with Article VIII . 
 Third Amendment has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 Third Amendment Effective Date has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 23 

Trading With the Enemy Act has the meaning set forth in Section 10.18 . 
 Twelve Month Period means any period of twelve (12) consecutive Fiscal Months taken as one accounting period. 
 UCC or Uniform Commercial Code means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of New York provided , however , that if a term is defined in Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code differently than in another Article thereof, the term shall have the meaning set forth in Article 9 provided further that, if by reason of mandatory provisions of law, perfection, or the effect of perfection or non-perfection, of a security interest in any Collateral or the availability of any remedy hereunder is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in a jurisdiction other than the State of New York, Uniform Commercial Code means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in such other jurisdiction for purposes of the provisions hereof relating to such perfection or effect of perfection or non-perfection or availability of such remedy, as the case may be. 
 UFCA has the meaning specified in Section 10.21(d) . 
 UFTA has the meaning specified in Section 10.21(d) . 
 UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person subject to IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 Unfunded Pension Liability means the excess of a Pension Plan s benefit liabilities under Section 4001(a)(16) of ERISA, over the current value of that Pension Plan s assets, determined in accordance with the assumptions used for funding the Pension Plan pursuant to Section 412 of the Code for the applicable plan year. 
 United States and U.S. mean the United States of America. 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any Business Day, except any Business Day on which any of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, the New York Stock Exchange or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is not open for business because such day is a legal holiday under the federal laws of the United States or the laws of the State of New York, as applicable 
 U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States Person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(e)(ii)(B)(III) . 
 Variance Testing Period means the period beginning on the occurrence of a Variance Covenant Trigger Event. 
 Variance Covenant Trigger Event has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which 
 24 

that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 1.02 Other Interpretive Provisions . With reference to this Agreement and each other Loan Document, unless otherwise specified herein or in such other Loan Document 
 (a) The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall . Unless the context requires otherwise, (i) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document (including any Organization Document) shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein or in any other Loan Document), (ii) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns, (iii) the words herein , hereof and hereunder , and words of similar import when used in any Loan Document, shall be construed to refer to such Loan Document in its entirety and not to any particular provision thereof, (iv) all references in a Loan Document to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, the Loan Document in which such references appear, (v) any reference to any law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending replacing or interpreting such law and any reference to any law or regulation shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such law or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, (vi) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights and (vii) except to the extent otherwise set forth in this Agreement, the word promptly when used with respect to any action or delivery by any Loan Party shall mean as soon as reasonably possible, but no later than five (5) business days Business Days . 
 (b) In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including the words to and until each mean to but excluding and the word through means to and including . 
 (c) Section headings herein and in the other Loan Documents are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (d) Any reference herein to a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, consolidation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, shall be deemed to apply to a division of or by a limited liability company, or an allocation of assets to a series of a limited liability company (or the unwinding of such a division or allocation), as if it were a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, consolidation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, as applicable, to, of or with a separate Person. Any division of a limited liability company shall constitute a separate Person hereunder (and each division of any limited liability company that is a Subsidiary, joint venture or any other like term shall also constitute such a Person or entity). 
 1.03 Accounting Terms . 
 (a) Generally . All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP applied on a consistent basis, as in effect from time to time, applied in a manner consistent with that used in preparing the Audited Financial Statements for the fiscal year ended May 1, 2021, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of determining compliance with any covenant (including the computation of any financial covenant) contained herein, Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall be deemed to be carried at 100 of the 
 25 

outstanding principal amount thereof, and the effects of FASB ASC 825 and FASB ASC 470-20 on financial liabilities shall be disregarded. 
 (b) Changes in GAAP . If at any time any change in GAAP would affect the computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan Document, and either the Borrower or the Required Lenders shall so request, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP (subject to the approval of the Required Lenders) provided , that until so amended, (i) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein and (ii) the Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP. Without limiting the foregoing, leases shall continue to be classified and accounted for on a basis consistent with that reflected in the Audited Financial Statements for the fiscal year ended May 1, 2021 for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding any change in GAAP relating thereto, unless the parties hereto shall enter into a mutually acceptable amendment addressing such changes, as provided for above. 
 (c) Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities . All references herein to consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or to the determination of any amount for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis or any similar reference shall, in each case, be deemed to include each variable interest entity that the Borrower is required to consolidate pursuant to FASB ASC 810 as if such variable interest entity were a Subsidiary as defined herein. 
 1.04 Rounding . Any financial ratios required to be maintained by the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearest number). 
 1.05 Times of Day Interest Rates . Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to Eastern time (daylight or standard, as applicable). The Administrative Agent does not warrant, nor accept responsibility, nor shall the Administrative Agent have any liability with respect to the administration, submission or any other matter related to any reference rate referred to herein or with respect to any rate (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the selection of such rate and any related spread or other adjustment) that is an alternative or replacement for or successor to any such rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing) or the effect of any of the foregoing, or of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions or other activities that affect any reference rate referred to herein, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing) or any related spread or other adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any reference rate referred to herein or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing), in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or other action or omission related to or affecting the selection, determination, or calculation of any rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 
 1.06 Intentionally Omitted . 
 1.07 Ratio Adjustments for Acquisitions and Dispositions . 
 (a) Ratio Acquisition Adjustments . Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, for purposes of calculating the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio or the Consolidated Adjusted Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for any period (or a portion of a period) that includes the date of the 
 26 

consummation of any Permitted Acquisition, references to Borrower and the other Loan Parties shall include each acquired Person (if such Person becomes a Loan Party during such period of measurement), or lines of business, as applicable, and the Consolidated EBITDA and each other component of Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio and Consolidated Adjusted Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, as applicable, of such acquired Person (if such Person becomes a Loan Party during such period of measurement) or line of business (such Consolidated EBITDA and other components to be formulated on the basis of the definitions set forth herein), as if the Acquisition had been consummated on the first day of any such period of measurement. 
 (b) Ratio Disposition Adjustments . Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, for purposes of calculating the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio or the Consolidated Adjusted Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for any period (or a portion of a period) that includes the date of any Disposition of a Loan Party or line of business, as applicable, Consolidated EBITDA and each other component of Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio and Consolidated Adjusted Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, as applicable, shall be determined on a historical pro forma basis to exclude the results of operations of such Loan Party or line of business, as applicable so disposed. 
 27 

ARTICLE II THE COMMITMENTS AND LOANS 
 2.01 Loans . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender severally agrees to make term loans (each such loan, a Loan to the Borrower on the Closing Date, in an aggregate outstanding amount not to exceed the amount of such Lender s Commitment. The borrowing on the Closing Date shall consist of Loans made simultaneously by the Lenders in accordance with their respective Commitments. Amounts borrowed under this Section 2.01 and repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. 
 2.02 Intentionally Omitted. 
 2.03 Intentionally Omitted. 
 2.04 Intentionally Omitted. 
 2.05 Prepayments . 
 (a) Voluntary Prepayments of Loans . The Borrower may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent pursuant to and delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Notice of Loan Prepayment prepayment notice in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent , at any time or from time to time voluntarily prepay Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty provided , that (i) such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11 00 a.m. on the date of prepayment and (ii) any prepayment shall be in a principal amount of 500,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof, or, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding. Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Lender of its receipt of each such notice, and of the amount of such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such prepayment. If such notice is given by the Borrower, the The Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. Any voluntary prepayment of any Loan shall be accompanied by all accrued interest on the amount prepaid. Each such prepayment shall be applied to the Loans pro rata . 
 (b) Mandatory Prepayments in connection with Qualifying Disposition . If any Loan Party consummates a Qualifying Disposition or upon the occurrence of any Specified Event , the Borrower shall prepay an aggregate principal amount of Loans equal to 100 of the Net Proceeds received from such Qualifying Disposition or Specified Event , promptly upon receipt thereof by such Person , subject to the terms and conditions of the Intercreditor Agreement . Each such mandatory prepayment shall be applied to the Loans pro rata . 
 (c) Mandatory Prepayment in connection with Qualifying Refinancing Transaction . If any Loan Party consummates a Qualifying Refinancing Transaction, the Borrower shall, concurrently with the consummation of such Qualifying Refinancing Transaction, prepay an aggregate principal amount of the Loans equal to (i) 100 of the Net Proceeds from such Qualifying Refinancing Transaction minus (ii) the aggregate outstanding amount of FILO Loans under and as defined in the First Lien Credit Agreement at such time. Each such mandatory prepayment shall be applied to the Loans pro rata. 
 2.06 Termination of Commitments . The aggregate Commitments shall be automatically and permanently reduced to zero on the Closing Date after the borrowing of the Loans. 
 2.07 Repayment of Loans at Maturity . The Borrower shall repay to the Lenders the then outstanding principal amount of the Loans on the Maturity Date. 
 2.08 Interest . 
 (a) Subject to the provisions of Section 2.08(b) . below, the Loans shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof at a rate per annum equal to 11.25 . 
 28 

(b) 
 (i) If any amount payable by the Loan Parties under any Loan Document is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, such amount shall thereafter bear interest at the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. 
 (ii) Upon the request of the Required Lenders, while any Event of Default exists (other than as set forth in clause (b)(i)), the Borrower shall pay interest on the principal amount of all outstanding Obligations hereunder at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. 
 (iii) Accrued and unpaid interest on past due amounts (including interest on past due interest) shall be due and payable upon demand. 
 (c) Subject to clause Section 2.08 (d) below and except as provided in Section 2.08(b)(iii) , interest on the Loans shall be due and payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date and at such other times as may be specified herein. Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law. 
 (d) At the option of the Borrower, with respect to any payment of interest payable on an Interest Payment Date on or prior to December 31, 2022, one hundred percent (100 of each such payment may be paid in kind (the PIK Interest ). Such PIK Interest shall be automatically capitalized on the applicable Interest Payment Date by adding the amount thereof to the outstanding principal amount of the Loans. For the avoidance of doubt, following such increase in the principal amount of the outstanding Loans upon a payment of PIK Interest on such Interest Payment Date, the Loans shall bear interest on such increased principal amount from and after the date of such Interest Payment Date, and all references herein or in any other Loan Document to the principal amount of the Loans shall include all interest accrued and capitalized as a result of any payment of the PIK Interest. 
 2.09 Fees . 
 (a) Anniversary Fee . Solely to the extent that any Loans remain outstanding at such time, the Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent in cash, for distribution to the Lenders on a pro rata basis, a fee of 1.50 of the then outstanding principal amount of the Loans, on the first anniversary of the Closing Date. 
 (b) Administrative Agent Fee . The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, an annual administrative agent fee equal to 50,000, which fee shall be earned by, and payable to the Administrative Agent, quarterly in advance on the Closing Date and, thereafter, quarterly in advance on each three-month anniversary of the Closing Date for so long as any Obligation hereunder (other than contingent indemnification obligations as to which no claim has been asserted) shall not be Fully Satisfied. 
 2.10 Computation of Interest and Fees . All computations of fees and interest shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed (which results in more fees or interest, as applicable, being paid than if computed on the basis of a 365-day year). Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which the Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid, provided , that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to Section 2.12(a) , bear interest for one day. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 
 2.11 Evidence of Debt . The Loans made by each Lender shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records maintained by such Lender in the ordinary course of business. The Administrative Agent shall maintain the Register in accordance with Section 10.06(c) . The accounts or records maintained by each Lender shall be conclusive absent manifest error of the amount of the Loans made by 
 29 

the Lenders to the Borrower and the interest and payments thereon. Any failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrower hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the Obligations. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the Register, the Register shall control in the absence of manifest error. Upon the request of any Lender made through the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall execute and deliver to such Lender (through the Administrative Agent) a Note, which shall evidence such Lender s Loans in addition to such accounts or records. Each Lender may attach schedules to its Note and endorse thereon the date, Type (if applicable), amount and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto. Any failure to so attach or endorse, or any error in doing so, shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrower hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the Obligations. Upon receipt of an affidavit of a Lender as to the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of such Lender s Note with appropriate indemnification provisions in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower and upon cancellation of such Note, the Borrower will issue, in lieu thereof, a replacement Note in favor of such Lender, in the same principal amount thereof and otherwise of like tenor. 
 2.12 Payments Generally Administrative Agent s Clawback . 
 (a) General . All payments to be made by the Borrower shall be made without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrower hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the Administrative Agent s Office in Dollars and in immediately available funds not later than 2 00 p.m. on the date specified herein. The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Applicable Percentage (or other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lender s Lending Office. All payments received by the Administrative Agent after 2 00 p.m. shall, at the option of the Administrative Agent, be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue. If any payment to be made by the Borrower shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be. 
 (b) Presumption by Administrative Agent . 
 (i) reserved . 
 (i) Payments by Borrower Presumptions by Administrative Agent . Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders the amount due. With respect to any payment that the Administrative Agent makes for the account of the Lenders hereunder as to which the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that any of the following applies (such payment referred to as the Rescindable Amount (1) the Borrower has not in fact made such payment (2) the Administrative Agent has made a payment in excess of the amount so paid by the Borrower (whether or not then owed) or (3) the Administrative Agent has for any reason otherwise erroneously made such payment, then each of the Lenders severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount so distributed to such Lender, in immediately available funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. Each Credit Party irrevocably waives any and all defenses, including any discharge for value (under which a creditor might otherwise claim a right to retain funds mistakenly paid by a third party in respect of a debt owed by another) or similar defense to its obligation to return any Rescindable Amount. 
 A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or the Borrower with respect to any amount owing under this clause (b) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 30 

(c) Failure to Satisfy Conditions Precedent . If any Lender makes available to the Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Article II , and such funds are not made available to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent because the conditions to the borrowing on the Closing Date set forth in Section 4.01 are not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms hereof, the Administrative Agent promptly shall return such funds (in like funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest. 
 (d) Obligations of Lenders Several . The obligations of the Lenders hereunder to make Loans and to make payments pursuant to Section 10.04(c) and Section 9.14 are several and not joint. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan or to make any payment under Section 10.04(c) or Section 9.14 on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Loan or to make its payment under Section 10.04(c) or Section 9.14 . 
 (e) Funding Source . Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner. 
 (f) Insufficient Funds. If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first, toward payment of interest and fees then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and fees then due to such parties, and (ii) second, toward payment of principal then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal then due to such parties. 
 2.13 Pro Rata Treatment Sharing of Payments by Lenders . 
 (a) Except as expressly permitted (or required) under this Agreement, (i) each payment by the Borrower of interest and fees in respect of the Loans shall be applied to the amounts of such obligations owing to the Lenders pro rata according to the respective amounts then due and owing to the Lenders and (ii) each payment by the Borrower on account of principal of the Loans shall be allocated among the Lenders pro rata based on the principal amount of the Loans held by the Lenders. 
 (b) If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of (a) Obligations due and payable to such Lender hereunder and under the other Loan Documents at such time in excess of its ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such Obligations due and payable to such Lender at such time to (ii) the aggregate amount of the Obligations due and payable to all Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents at such time) of payments on account of the Obligations due and payable to all Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents at such time obtained by all the Lenders at such time or (b) Obligations owing (but not due and payable) to such Lender hereunder and under the other Loan Documents at such time in excess of its ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such Obligations owing (but not due and payable) to such Lender at such time to (ii) the aggregate amount of the Obligations owing (but not due and payable) to all Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Parties at such time) of payment on account of the Obligations owing (but not due and payable) to all Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents at such time obtained by all of the Lenders at such time then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall (a) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Loans of the other Lenders, or make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of Obligations then due and payable to the Lenders or owing (but not due and payable) to the Lenders, as the case may be, provided that 
 (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest and 
 31 

(ii) the provisions of this Section 2.13 shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment made by or on behalf of the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement, or (y) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans to any assignee or participant, other than to the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof (as to which the provisions of this Section 2.13 shall apply). 
 Each Loan Party consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable Law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against such Loan Party rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of such Loan Party in the amount of such participation. 
 
 ARTICLE III TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY APPOINTMENT OF BORROWER 
 3.01 Taxes . 
 (a) Payments Free of Taxes Obligation to Withhold Payments on Account of Taxes . 
 (i) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable Laws. If any applicable Laws (as determined in the good faith discretion of the Administrative Agent) require the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by the Administrative Agent or a Loan Party, then the Administrative Agent or such Loan Party shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding, upon the basis of the information and documentation to be delivered pursuant to subsection (e) below. 
 (ii) If any Loan Party or the Administrative Agent shall be required by the Code to withhold or deduct any Taxes, including both United States Federal backup withholding and withholding taxes, from any payment, then (A) such Loan Party or the Administrative Agent shall withhold or make such deductions as are determined by such Loan Party or the Administrative Agent to be required based upon the information and documentation it has received pursuant to subsection (e) below, (B) such Loan Party or the Administrative Agent shall timely pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with the Code, and (C) to the extent that the withholding or deduction is made on account of Indemnified Taxes, the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after any required withholding or the making of all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.01 the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholding or deduction been made. 
 (iii) If any Loan Party or the Administrative Agent shall be required by any applicable Laws other than the Code to withhold or deduct any Taxes from any payment, then (A) such Loan Party or the Administrative Agent, as required by such Laws, shall withhold or make such deductions as are determined by it to be required based upon the information and documentation it has received pursuant to subsection (e) below, (B) such Loan Party or the Administrative Agent, to the extent required by such Laws, shall timely pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with such Laws, and (C) to the extent that the withholding or deduction is made on account of Indemnified Taxes, the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after any required withholding or the making of all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.01 the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholding or deduction been made. 
 (b) Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrower . Without limiting the provisions of Section 3.01(a) , the Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with 
 32 

applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. 
 (c) Tax Indemnifications . 
 (i) Each Loan Party shall, and does hereby, jointly and severally indemnify each Recipient, and shall make payment in respect thereof within 10 days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 3.01 payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient, and any penalties, interest and reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Loan Party shall, and does hereby, jointly and severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, and shall make payment in respect thereof within 10 days after demand therefor, for any amount which a Lender for any reason fails to pay indefeasibly to the Administrative Agent as required pursuant to Section 3.01(c)(ii) below. 
 (ii) Each Lender shall, and does hereby, severally indemnify, and shall make payment in respect thereof within 10 days after demand therefor, (x) the Administrative Agent against any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such (but only to the extent that the Borrower has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), (y) the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, as applicable, against any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 10.06(d) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (z) the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, as applicable, against any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender, as the case may be, under this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this clause (ii) . 
 (d) Evidence of Payments . As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by the Borrower to a Governmental Authority as provided in this Section 3.01 , the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of any return required by Laws to report such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (e) Status of Lenders Tax Documentation . 
 (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 3.01(e)(ii)(A) , (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lender s 
 33 

reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 
 (ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the Borrower is a U.S. Person, 
 (A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax 
 (B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable 
 (I) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty 
 (II) executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI 
 (III) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit D-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) or 
 (IV) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable), a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit D-2 or Exhibit D-3 , IRS Form W-9, and or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable provided , that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit D-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner 
 (C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such 
 34 

supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made and 
 (D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. For purposes of determining withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA, from and after the Closing Date, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall treat (and the Lenders hereby authorize the Administrative Agent to treat) this Agreement as not qualifying as a grandfathered obligation within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.1471-2(b)(2)(i). 
 (f) Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered pursuant to this Section 3.01 expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 (g) Treatment of Certain Refunds . Unless required by applicable Laws, at no time shall the Administrative Agent have any obligation to file for or otherwise pursue on behalf of a Lender, or have any obligation to pay to any Lender, any refund of Taxes withheld or deducted from funds paid for the account of such Lender. If any Recipient determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by the Borrower or with respect to which the Borrower has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.01 , it shall pay to such Borrower an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by the Borrower under this Section 3.01 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) incurred by such Recipient, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund), provided, that the Borrower, upon the request of the Recipient, agree to repay the amount paid over to the Borrower (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Recipient in the event the Recipient is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this subsection, in no event will the applicable Recipient be required to pay any amount to the Borrower pursuant to this subsection the payment of which would place the Recipient in a less favorable net after-Tax position than such Recipient would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This subsection shall not be construed to require any Recipient to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating to its taxes that it deems confidential) to the Borrower or any other Person. 
 (h) Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section 3.01 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations. 
 3.02 Reserved . 
 3.03 Reserved . 
 35 

3.04 Increased Costs . 
 (a) Increased Costs Generally . If any Change in Law shall 
 (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender 
 (ii) subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto or 
 (iii) impose on any Lender any other condition, cost or expense affecting this Agreement 
 and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then, upon request of such Lender, the Borrower will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 
 (b) Capital Requirements . If any Lender determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or any Lending Office of such Lender or such Lender s holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s capital or on the capital of such Lender s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Loans made by such Lender to a level below that which such Lender or such Lender s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s policies and the policies of such Lender s holding company with respect to capital adequacy or liquidity), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Lender s holding company for any such reduction suffered. 
 (c) Certificates for Reimbursement . A certificate of a Lender setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in subsection (a) or (b) of this Section 3.04 and delivered to the Borrower shall be presumptively correct absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. 
 (d) Delay in Requests . Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s right to demand such compensation, provided , that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than 180 days prior to the date that such Lender notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 180 days period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). 
 3.05 Reserved . 
 3.06 Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders . 
 (a) Designation of a Different Lending Office . Each Lender may make any Loan or credit extension to the Borrower through any Lending Office, provided , that the exercise of this option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Loan or credit extension in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04 , or the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01 , or if any Lender gives a notice pursuant 
 36 

to Section 3.02 , then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different Lending Office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.01 or Section 3.04 , as the case may be, in the future, or eliminate the need for the notice pursuant to Section 3.02 , as applicable, and (ii) in each case, would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 
 (b) Replacement of Lenders . If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04 , or if the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01 , and, in each case, such Lender has declined or is unable to designate a different lending office in accordance with Section 3.06(a) , the Borrower may replace such Lender in accordance with Section 10.13 . 
 3.07 Survival . All of the Borrower s obligations under this Article III shall survive termination of the Commitments and repayment of all other Secured Obligations hereunder and resignation of the Administrative Agent. 
 
 ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO BORROWING 
 4.01 Conditions of Borrowing . The obligation of each Lender to make its Loan hereunder on the Closing Date is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent 
 (a) The Administrative Agent s receipt of the following, each of which shall be originals or telecopies (followed promptly by originals) unless otherwise specified, each properly executed by a Responsible Officer of the signing Loan Party, each dated the Closing Date (or, in the case of certificates of governmental officials, a recent date before the Closing Date) and each in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent 
 (i) executed counterparts of this Agreement sufficient in number for distribution to the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the Borrower 
 (ii) a Note executed by the Borrower in favor of each Lender requesting a Note 
 (iii) such certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates and or other certificates of Responsible Officers of each Loan Party as the Administrative Agent may require evidencing (A) the authority of each Loan Party to enter into this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party or is to be a party and (B) the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer thereof authorized to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party or is to be a party 
 (iv) copies of each Loan Party s Organization Documents and such other documents and certifications as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require to evidence that each Loan Party is duly organized or formed, and that each Loan Party is validly existing, in good standing and qualified to engage in business in each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect 
 (v) a favorable opinion of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP, counsel to the Loan Parties, addressed to the Administrative Agent and each Lender and as to such matters concerning the Loan Parties and the Loan Documents as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request (including, without limitation, with respect to enforceability, due authorization, perfection of the Liens in favor the Collateral Agent and no conflicts with the First Lien Loan Documents) 
 37 

(vi) a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying (a) that (1) the representations and warranties of the Loan Parties contained in Article V or any other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection herewith or therewith, (A) which are qualified by materiality are true and correct, and (B) which are not qualified by materiality are true and correct in all material respects, in each case, on and as of the Closing Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct, or true and correct in all material respects, as the case may be, as of such earlier date and (2) no Default exists or would result from the borrowing of the Loans or from the application of the proceeds thereof, (b) that there has been no event or circumstance since May 1, 2021, that has had or could be reasonably expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, and (c) either that (1) no consents, licenses or approvals are required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by such Loan Party and the validity against such Loan Party of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, or (2) that all such consents, licenses and approvals have been obtained and are in full force and effect 
 (vii) a certificate from the chief financial officer of the Borrower, satisfactory in form and substance to the Administrative Agent, attesting to the Solvency of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis as of the Closing Date after giving effect to the transactions contemplated hereby 
 (viii) the Perfection Certificate 
 (ix) the Security Documents, each duly executed by the applicable Loan Parties 
 (x) all other Loan Documents, each duly executed by the applicable Loan Parties and 
 (xi) all documents and instruments, including Uniform Commercial Code financing statements, required by law or reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent to be filed, registered or recorded to create or perfect the first priority Liens intended to be created under the Loan Documents and all such documents and instruments shall have been so filed, registered or recorded, in each case, to the reasonable satisfaction of the Collateral Agent. 
 (b) The Administrative Agent and each Lender shall have received all documentation and other information required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including without limitation the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the Patriot Act ). 
 (c) The Administrative Agent and each Lender shall have received all fees and other amounts due and payable to them by the Borrower on or prior to the Closing Date, including, to the extent invoiced, reimbursement or payment of all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses (including the legal fees and expenses of King & Spalding LLP, Kirkland & Ellis LLP and Allen Stovall Neuman & Ashton LLP, counsel to the Agents and the Lenders, as applicable) provided that, in the case of costs and expenses, an invoice for all such fees and expenses shall be received by the Borrower at least one (1) Business Day prior to the Closing Date for payment to be required as a condition to the Closing Date. 
 Without limiting the generality of the provisions of Section 9.04 , for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 4.01 , each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have Consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be Consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto. 

38 

ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 To induce the Credit Parties to enter into this Agreement and to make the Loans hereunder, each Loan Party represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the other Credit Parties that 
 5.01 Existence, Qualification and Power . Each Loan Party (a) is a corporation, limited liability company, partnership or limited partnership, duly organized or formed, validly existing and, where applicable, in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, (b) has all requisite power and authority and all requisite governmental licenses, permits, authorizations, consents and approvals to (i) own, lease or operate its assets and carry on its business as now conducted and (ii) execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and (c) is duly qualified and is licensed and, where applicable, in good standing under the Laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification or license except in each case referred to in clause (b)(i) or (c), to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Schedule 5.01 annexed hereto sets forth, as of the Second Amendment Effective Date, each Loan Party s name as it appears in official filings in its state of incorporation or organization, its state of incorporation or organization, organization type, organization number, if any, issued by its state of incorporation or organization, and its federal employer identification number. 
 5.02 Authorization No Contravention . The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of each Loan Document to which such Person is or is to be a party, has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action, and does not and will not (a) contravene the terms of any of such Person s Organization Documents (b) conflict with or result in any breach, termination, or contravention of, or constitute a default under, or require any payment to be made under (i) any Material Indebtedness to which such Person is a party or affecting such Person or the properties of such Person, or (ii) any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which such Person or its property is subject (c) result in or require the creation of any Lien upon any asset of any Loan Party (other than Permitted Encumbrances) or (d) violate any Law. 
 5.03 Governmental Authorization Other Consents . No approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is necessary or required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by, or enforcement against, any Loan Party of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except for (a) the perfection or maintenance of the Liens created under the Security Documents (including the second priority nature thereof to the extent specified in the Security Agreement) or (b) such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect. 
 5.04 Binding Effect . This Agreement has been, and each other Loan Document, when delivered, will have been, duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party that is party thereto. This Agreement constitutes, and each other Loan Document when so delivered will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against each Loan Party that is party thereto in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law provided , that the application of Write-Down and Conversion Powers by any EEA Resolution Authority (or the public announcement of the impending application of such powers) with respect to any liabilities of a Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be deemed a breach of this representation. 
 5.05 Financial Statements No Material Adverse Effect . 
 (a) The Audited Financial Statements (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein (ii) fairly present the financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and their results of operations for the period covered thereby in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein and (iii) show all 
 39 

Material Indebtedness and other liabilities, direct or contingent, of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof, including liabilities for taxes, material commitments and Indebtedness. 
 (b) The unaudited Consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries most recently delivered in accordance with Section 6.01(b) , and the related Consolidated statements of income or operations, Shareholders Equity and cash flows for the fiscal quarter ended on that date (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein, and (ii) fairly present the financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and their results of operations for the period covered thereby, subject, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii), to the absence of footnotes and to normal year-end audit adjustments. 
 (c) Since the date of the Audited Financial Statements dated May 1, 2021, there has been no event or circumstance, either individually or in the aggregate, that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (d) The Consolidated balance sheet and statements of income and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(d) were prepared in good faith on the basis of the assumptions stated therein, which assumptions were fair in light of the conditions existing at the time of delivery of such forecasts, and represented, at the time of delivery, the Loan Parties reasonable estimate of its future financial performance (it being understood that such forecasted financial information is subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the control of the Loan Parties, that no assurance is given that any particular forecasts will be realized, that results may differ and that such differences may be material). 
 5.06 Litigation . There are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties after due and diligent investigation, threatened or contemplated, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, by or against any Loan Party or against any of its properties or revenues that (a) purport to affect or pertain to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any of the transactions contemplated hereby, or (b) except as specifically disclosed in Schedule 5.06 , either individually or in the aggregate, if determined adversely, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.07 No Default . No Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 5.08 Ownership of Property Liens . Each of the Loan Parties has good record and marketable title in fee simple to or valid leasehold interests in or other rights to use or operate, all real property necessary or used in the ordinary conduct of its business, except for such defects in title as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each of the Loan Parties has good and marketable title to, valid leasehold interests in, or valid licenses to use all personal property and assets used in the ordinary conduct of its business, except for such defects in title as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.09 Intentionally Omitted. 
 5.10 Insurance . The properties (including, without limitation, all Collateral) of the Loan Parties are insured with financially sound and reputable insurance companies which are not Affiliates of the Loan Parties (other than any Permitted Self-Insurance Program), in such amounts, with such deductibles and covering such risks as are customarily carried by companies engaged in similar businesses and owning similar properties in localities where the Loan Parties operate. Schedule 5.10 sets forth a description of all insurance maintained by or on behalf of the Loan Parties as of the Closing Date. As of the Closing Date, each insurance policy listed on Schedule 5.10 , and, thereafter, each insurance policy reflected on an Accord Certificate or other evidence of insurance most recently delivered to the Administrative Agent in accordance herewith is in full force and effect and all premiums in respect thereof that are due and payable have been paid. 
 40 

5.11 Taxes . The Loan Parties have filed all Federal, state and other material tax returns and reports required to be filed, and have paid all Federal, state and other material taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges levied or imposed upon them or their properties, income or assets otherwise due and payable, except those which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings being diligently conducted, for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP, as to which Taxes no material Lien has been filed and which contest effectively suspends the collection of the contested obligation and the enforcement of any Lien securing such obligation. There is no proposed tax assessment against any Loan Party that would, if made, be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Loan Party is a party to any tax sharing agreement other than (i) the tax sharing agreement between Borrower and certain of its Subsidiaries and (ii) that certain Tax Matters Agreement between the Borrower and BNED. 
 5.12 ERISA Compliance . 
 (a) Each Plan is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other Federal or state Laws. Each Plan that is intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination letter from the IRS or an application for such a letter is currently being processed by the IRS with respect thereto and, to the best knowledge of the Borrower, nothing has occurred which would prevent, or cause the loss of, such qualification. The Loan Parties and each ERISA Affiliate have made all required contributions to each Plan subject to Section 412 of the Code, and no application for a funding waiver or an extension of any amortization period pursuant to Section 412 of the Code is pending or in effect with respect to any Plan, except to the extent any failure to make such contribution would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (b) There are no pending or, to the best knowledge of the Borrower, threatened claims, actions or lawsuits, or action by any Governmental Authority, with respect to any Plan that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There has been no prohibited transaction or violation of the fiduciary responsibility rules with respect to any Plan that has resulted or would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (c) (i) Except as set forth in Schedule 5.12 , (i) no ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur (ii) no Pension Plan has any Unfunded Pension Liability (iii) neither any Loan Party nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred, or reasonably expects to incur, any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to any Pension Plan (other than premiums due and not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA) (iv) neither any Loan Party nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred, or reasonably expects to incur, any liability (and no event has occurred which, with the giving of notice under Section 4219 of ERISA, would result in such liability) under Sections 4201 or 4243 of ERISA with respect to a Multiemployer Plan and (v) neither any Loan Party nor any ERISA Affiliate has engaged in a transaction that could be subject to Sections 4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA, except in each case to the extent the occurrence of any event described in the foregoing clauses (i) through (iv) could not reasonably be expect to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.13 Subsidiaries Equity Interests . As of the Closing Date, the Loan Parties have no Subsidiaries other than those specifically disclosed in Part (a) of Schedule 5.13 , which Schedule sets forth the legal name, jurisdiction of incorporation or formation and authorized Equity Interests of each such Subsidiary. As of the Closing Date, (a) all of the outstanding Equity Interests in such Subsidiaries have been validly issued, are fully paid and non-assessable and are owned by a Loan Party (or a Subsidiary of a Loan Party) in the amounts specified on Part (a) of Schedule 5.13 free and clear of all Liens, (b) except as set forth in Schedule 5.13 , there are no outstanding rights to purchase any Equity Interests in any Subsidiary and (c) the Loan Parties have no equity investments in any other corporation or entity other than those specifically disclosed in Part(b) of Schedule 5.13 . 
 5.14 Margin Regulations Investment Company Act . 
 (a) No Loan Party is engaged or will be engaged, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U issued by the FRB), or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock. No Loan proceeds shall be used directly or indirectly for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any 
 41 

margin stock, for the purpose of reducing or retiring any Indebtedness that was originally incurred to purchase or carry any margin stock or for any other purpose that might cause any of the Loans to be considered a purpose credit within the meaning of Regulations T, U, or X issued by the FRB. Following the application of the proceeds of the Loans, not more than 25 of the value of the assets (either of the Borrower only or of the Borrower and their Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis) subject to the provisions of Section 7.01 or Section 7.05 or subject to any restriction contained in any agreement or instrument between the Borrower and any Lender or any Affiliate of any Lender relating to Indebtedness and within the scope of Section 8.01(e) will be margin stock. 
 (b) None of the Loan Parties is or is required to be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
 5.15 Disclosure . The reports, financial statements, certificates and other written information furnished and prepared by or on behalf of any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder or under any other Loan Document (in each case, as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished), taken as a whole, do not contain any material misstatement of fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading provided , that with respect to projected financial information, the Loan Parties represent only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time (it being understood that such projections are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the control of the Loan Parties, that no assurance is given that any particular forecasts will be realized, that actual results may differ and that such differences may be material). As of the Closing Date, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification, if applicable, is true and correct in all respects. 
 5.16 Compliance with Laws . Each of the Loan Parties is in compliance in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its properties, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted or (b) the failure to comply therewith, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.17 Intellectual Property Licenses, Etc . Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (a) the Loan Parties own, or possess the right to use, all the Intellectual Property that is reasonably necessary for the operation of their respective businesses, and (b) to the knowledge of any Responsible Officer, no Loan Party has infringed upon any Intellectual Property rights held by any other Person. 
 5.18 Labor Matters . There are no strikes, lockouts, slowdowns or other material labor disputes against any Loan Party pending or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The hours worked by and payments made to employees of the Loan Parties comply with the Fair Labor Standards Act and any other applicable federal, state, local or foreign Law dealing with such matters except to the extent that any such violation could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Loan Party has incurred any liability or obligation under the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Act or similar state Law, except as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. All payments due from any Loan Party, or for which any claim may be made against any Loan Party, on account of wages and employee health and welfare insurance and other benefits, have been paid or properly accrued in accordance with GAAP as a liability on the books of such Loan Party, except as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as set forth on Schedule 5.18 no Loan Party is a party to or bound by any collective bargaining agreement. There are no representation proceedings pending or, to any Loan Party s knowledge, threatened to be filed with the National Labor Relations Board, and no labor organization or group of employees of any Loan Party has made a pending demand for recognition in each case which could individually or in the aggregate be reasonably expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. There are no complaints, unfair labor practice charges, grievances, arbitrations, unfair employment practices charges or any other claims or complaints against any Loan Party pending or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened to be filed with any Governmental Authority or arbitrator based 
 42 

on, arising out of, in connection with, or otherwise relating to the employment or termination of employment of any employee of any Loan Party which could, individually or in the aggregate, be reasonably expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents will not give rise to any right of termination or right of renegotiation on the part of any union under any collective bargaining agreement to which any Loan Party is bound except as could not reasonably be expected to have individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.19 Security Documents . The Security Documents create in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Credit Parties referred to therein, a legal, valid, continuing and enforceable security interest in the Collateral, the enforceability of which is subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. The financing statements and other filings are in appropriate form and have been or will be filed in the offices specified in the Perfection Certificate. Upon such filings and or the obtaining of control , the Collateral Agent will have a perfected Lien on, and security interest in, to and under all right, title and interest of the grantors thereunder in all Collateral that may be perfected by filing, recording or registering a financing statement or analogous document (including without limitation the proceeds of such Collateral subject to the limitations relating to such proceeds in the UCC) or by obtaining control, under the UCC (in effect on the date this representation is made) in each case prior and superior in right to any other Person, except in the case of Liens granted to the First Lien Agent (subject to the Intercreditor Agreement) and Liens permitted under clauses (c), (d), (f), (h), (m) or (p) (with respect to Excluded Assets) of Section 7.01 hereof. 
 5.20 Solvency . After giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and before and after giving effect to the borrowing of the Loans, the Loan Parties, on a consolidated basis, are, and will be, Solvent. No transfer of property has been or will be made by any Loan Party and no obligation has been or will be incurred by any Loan Party in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents with the intent to hinder, delay, or defraud either present or future creditors of any Loan Party. 
 5.21 Reserved . 
 5.22 Reserved . 
 5.23 Customer and Trade Relations . There exists no actual or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened, termination or cancellation of, or any modification or change in the business relationship of any Loan Party with any supplier which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.24 Storage Locations . Subject to Section 6.12(b), there are no warehouse or other storage or distribution facilities leased by the Loan Parties (excluding Stores) in which, in the aggregate, more than 10,000,000 of Inventory is or may be located from time to time and with respect to which the Loan Parties have not caused to be delivered to the Collateral Agent a Collateral Access Agreement. 
 5.25 OFAC . No Loan Party, nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of any Loan Party its Subsidiaries, any director, officer, employee, agent, affiliate or representative thereof, is an individual or entity that is, or is majority owned or controlled by any individual or entity that is (i) currently the target of any Sanctions , (ii) included on OFAC s List of Specially Designated Nationals, HMT s Consolidated List of Financial Sanctions Targets and the Investment Ban List, or any similar list enforced by any other relevant sanctions authority or (iii) located, organized or resident in a Designated Jurisdiction. The Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries have conducted their business in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Sanctions instituted and maintained policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such Sanctions. 
 5.26 Anti-Corruption Laws . None of the Loan Parties or their Subsidiaries have breached the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010, or any other applicable anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions the effect of which breach is or could reasonably be expected to be material to the Loan Parties, taken as a whole, and the Loan Parties and their 
 43 

Subsidiaries have instituted and maintained policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws. 
 5.27 Affected Financial Institutions . No Loan Party is an Affected Financial Institution. 
 5.28 Covered Entity. No Loan Party is a Covered Entity. 
 
 ARTICLE VI AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 So long as any Obligation hereunder (other than contingent indemnification obligations as to which no claim has been asserted) shall not be Fully Satisfied, the Loan Parties shall 
 6.01 Financial Statements . Deliver to the Administrative Agent and each Lender, in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent 
 (a) as soon as available, but in any event within 90 days after the end of each Fiscal Year of the Borrower (plus, if requested by the Borrower in writing on or prior to such date, up to an additional five (5) Business Days thereafter), a Consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such Fiscal Year, and the related Consolidated statements of income or operations, Shareholders Equity and cash flows for such Fiscal Year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, such Consolidated statements to be audited and accompanied by a report and unqualified opinion of a Registered Public Accounting Firm of nationally recognized standing reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, which report and opinion shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and shall not be subject to any going concern or like qualification or exception or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit (other than with respect to, or resulting from, an upcoming maturity date of the Loans within one year from the time such opinion is delivered) 
 (b) as soon as available, but in any event within 45 days after the end of each of the first three Fiscal Quarters of each Fiscal Year of the Borrower (plus, if requested by Borrower in writing on or prior to such date, up to an additional five (5) Business Days thereafter), a balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such Fiscal Quarter, and the related Consolidated statements of income or operations, Shareholders Equity and cash flows for such Fiscal Quarter and for the portion of the Borrower s Fiscal Year then ended, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for (A) the corresponding Fiscal Quarter of the previous Fiscal Year and (B) the corresponding portion of the previous Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail, such Consolidated statements to be certified by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower as fairly presenting the financial condition, results of operations, Shareholders Equity and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such Fiscal Quarter in accordance with GAAP, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes 
 (c) as soon as available, but in any event within 30 days after the end of each Fiscal Month of each Fiscal Year (excluding the end of any Fiscal Month which is also the end of a Fiscal Quarter) (plus, if requested by the Borrower in writing on or prior to such date, up to an additional two (2) Business Days thereafter), a Consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such Fiscal Month, and the related Consolidated statements of income or operations, Shareholders Equity and cash flows for such Fiscal Month, and for the portion of the Borrower s Fiscal Year then ended, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for (A) the corresponding Fiscal Month of the previous Fiscal Year and (B) the corresponding portion of the previous Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail, such Consolidated statements to be certified by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower as fairly presenting the financial condition, results of operations, Shareholders Equity and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such Fiscal Month in accordance with GAAP, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes and 
 (d) as soon as available, but in any event not more than 60 days after the end of each Fiscal Year of the Borrower (plus, if requested by Borrower in writing on or prior to such date, up to an 
 44 

additional five (5) Business Days thereafter), forecasts prepared by management of the Borrower, in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, of Consolidated balance sheets and statements of income or operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, as well as projected Availability, on a monthly basis for the immediately following Fiscal Year (including the Fiscal Year in which the Maturity Date occurs), and as soon as available, any significant revisions to such forecast with respect to such Fiscal Year. 
 The Administrative Agent and the Lenders acknowledge and agree that notwithstanding the allotted time periods for monthly delivery of financial statements set forth in Section 6.01(c) , the time periods for delivering such financial statements for the months of April and May of each Fiscal Year shall be extended by 30 days for April and 15 days for May (each an Extension Period provided , that no prepayment of Indebtedness, Acquisition, Restricted Payment, Investment or other transaction or payment permitted hereunder based upon a calculation of Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio or Consolidated Adjusted Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio shall be permitted during any Extension Period if the applicable financial statements for such periods have not been delivered. 
 6.02 Certificates Other Information . Deliver to the Administrative Agent and each Lender, in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent 
 (a) reserved 
 (b) a copy of each notice (including notice of any Cash Dominion Trigger Event or Diligence Trigger Event (each as defined in the First Lien Credit Agreement), certificate (including each Borrowing Base Certificate and Compliance Certificate (each as defined in the First Lien Credit Agreement)), Approved Budget Update, Approved Budget Variance Report, appraisal of Collateral, commercial finance examination, Report or any other information delivered or received by the First Lien Agent or the lenders under the First Lien Credit Agreement, in each case at the time delivered or required to be delivered to, or received by, the First Lien Agent or such lenders, pursuant to the First Lien Loan Documents 
 (c) no more than ten (10) Business Days after receipt thereof, copies of any detailed audit reports, final management letters or recommendations submitted to the board of directors (or the audit committee of the board of directors) of any Loan Party by its Registered Public Accounting Firm in connection with the accounts or books of the Loan Parties or any Subsidiary, or any audit of any of them, including, without limitation, specifying any Internal Control Event and, promptly, after request by the Administrative Agent therefor, updates on the status of any remediation of any such Internal Control Event 
 (d) promptly upon the filing thereof, copies of each annual report, proxy or financial statement or other report or communication sent to the stockholders of the Loan Parties, and copies of all annual, regular, periodic and special reports and registration statements which any Loan Party may file or be required to file with the SEC under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or with any national securities exchange, and in any case not otherwise required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant hereto 
 (e) upon the renewal of any insurance policy of the Loan Parties, evidence of insurance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, summarizing the insurance coverage (specifying type, amount and carrier) in effect for each Loan Party, and as soon as available, but in any event within 30 days after such renewal, a certificate of such insurance coverage 
 (f) promptly, and in any event within five Business Days after receipt thereof by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof, copies of each notice or other correspondence received from any Governmental Authority (including, without limitation, the SEC (or comparable agency in any applicable non-U.S. jurisdiction)) concerning any proceeding with, or investigation or possible investigation or other inquiry by such Governmental Authority regarding financial or other operational results of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof or any other matter which, if adversely determined, could reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect 
 45 

(g) promptly following any request therefor, provide information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation and 
 (h) promptly, such additional information regarding the business affairs, financial condition or operations of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, or compliance with the terms of the Loan Documents, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may from time to time reasonably request. 
 Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) , Section 6.01(b) , Section 6.01(c) or Section 6.02(d) (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Borrower posts such documents, or provides a link thereto on the Borrower s website on the Internet at the website address listed on Schedule 10.02 or (ii) on which such documents are posted on the Borrower s behalf at www.sec.gov or otherwise on an Internet or intranet website, if any, in each case to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent) provided , that the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender (by telecopier or electronic mail) of the posting of any such documents and provide to the Administrative Agent by electronic mail electronic versions of such documents. The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery or to maintain copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Loan Parties with any such request for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for requesting delivery to it or maintaining its copies of such documents. 
 The Loan Parties hereby acknowledge that (a) the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make available to the Lenders materials and or information provided by or on behalf of the Loan Parties hereunder (collectively, Borrower Materials by posting the Borrower Materials on IntraLinks or another similar electronic system (the Platform and (b) certain of the Lenders (each, a Public Lender may have personnel who do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to the Loan Parties or their Affiliates or the respective securities or any of the foregoing, and who may be engaged in investment and other market-related activities with respect to such Persons securities. The Loan Parties hereby agree that (w) all Borrower Materials that are to be made available to the Public Lenders shall either have been identified as being previously or contemporaneously filed with the SEC or be clearly and conspicuously marked PUBLIC which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word PUBLIC shall appear prominently on the first page thereof (x) by identifying Borrower Materials as being filed with the SEC or marking Borrower Materials PUBLIC, the Loan Parties shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials as not containing any material non-public information (although it may be sensitive and proprietary) with respect to the Loan Parties or their securities for purposes of United States Federal and state securities laws provided , however , that to the extent such Borrower Materials constitute Information, they shall be treated as set forth in Section 10.07 (y) all Borrower Materials identified as being filed with the SEC or marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated Public Side Information and (z) the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to treat the Borrower Materials that are not either identified as being filed with the SEC or marked PUBLIC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated Public Side Information. 
 6.03 Notices . Promptly (but in any event within two (2) Business Days) , unless expressly indicated otherwise, notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender 
 (a) of the occurrence of any Default 
 (b) reserved 
 (c) of any matter that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, including (to the extent each of the following has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect) (i) breach or non-performance of, or any default with respect to Material Indebtedness of any Loan Party (ii) any material dispute, litigation, investigation, proceeding or suspension between any Loan Party and any Governmental Authority or (iii) the 
 46 

commencement of, or any material development in, any material litigation or proceeding affecting any Loan Party 
 (d) of the occurrence of any ERISA Event 
 (e) any Disposition of Collateral that could reasonably be expected to give rise to a mandatory prepayment under Section 2.05(b) 
 (f) any material change in accounting policies or financial reporting practices by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof 
 (g) of the Public Accountants determination (in connection with its preparation of its report under Section 6.01(a)) or the Borrower s determination of the occurrence or existence of any Internal Control Event 
 (h) of the formation or acquisition of any Subsidiary required to become a Loan Party hereunder 
 (i) of any change in the name, corporate form or state of organization of any Loan Party or any change in the name or names under which any Loan Party s Business is transacted 
 (j) immediately upon receipt of notice thereof, of the filing of any Lien against any Loan Party for unpaid Taxes against any material portion of the Collateral 
 (k) of the occurrence of any default under any Licensed Merchandise Agreement by any party thereto or any exercise of remedies thereunder and 
 (l) of any casualty or other insured damage to any material portion of the Collateral in excess of 250,000 or the commencement of any action or proceeding for the taking of any interest in a material portion of the Collateral in excess of 250,000 under power of eminent domain or by condemnation or similar proceeding or if any material portion of the Collateral is damaged or destroyed. 
 Each notice pursuant to this Section 6.03 shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what action the Borrower has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto. Each notice pursuant to Section 6.03(a) shall describe with particularity any and all provisions of this Agreement and any other Loan Document that have been breached. 
 6.04 Payment of Obligations . Pay and discharge as the same shall become due and payable, all its obligations and liabilities, including (a) all tax liabilities, assessments and governmental charges or levies upon it or its properties or assets, and (b) all lawful claims (including, without limitation, claims of landlords, warehousemen, customs brokers, and carriers) which, if unpaid, would by law become a Lien upon its property (other than Permitted Encumbrances) except, in each case, where (i) the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (ii) such Loan Party has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP, (iii) such contest effectively suspends collection of the contested obligation and enforcement of any Lien securing such obligation, (iv) no Lien (other than Permitted Encumbrances) has been filed with respect thereto and (iv) the failure to make payment pending such contest could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 6.05 Preservation of Existence, Etc . (a) Preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its legal existence and good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization or formation except in a transaction permitted by Section 7.04 or 7.05 (b) take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges, permits, licenses and franchises necessary or desirable in any material respect in the normal conduct of its business, except to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (c) take all reasonable action to maintain all existing registrations of its Intellectual Property, except to the extent the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to 
 47 

have a Material Adverse Effect or such Intellectual Property is no longer used or useful in the conduct of the business of the Loan Parties. 
 6.06 Maintenance of Properties . (a) Maintain (except for any maintenance required to be performed by the landlord, lessor or other property owner under any applicable Lease), preserve and protect all of its material properties and equipment necessary in the operation of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (b) make all necessary repairs thereto and renewals and replacements thereof (except for any repairs, renewals or replacements required to be made by the landlord, lessor or other property owner under any applicable Lease), except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 6.07 Maintenance of Insurance . Maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies not Affiliates of the Loan Parties (other than any Permitted Self-Insurance Program), reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, insurance with respect to its properties and business against loss or damage of the kinds customarily insured against by Persons engaged in the same or similar business and operating in the same or similar locations or as is required by applicable Law, of such types and in such amounts (after giving effect to any self-insurance compatible with the following standards) as are customarily carried under similar circumstances by such other Persons and as are reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
 (a) Fire and extended coverage policies maintained with respect to any Collateral shall be endorsed or otherwise amended, to the extent endorsed or amended pursuant to the First Lien Credit Agreement for the benefit of the First Lien Agent, to include (i) a non-contributing mortgage clause (regarding improvements to real property) and lenders loss payable clause (regarding personal property), in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, which endorsements or amendments shall provide that the insurer shall pay all proceeds otherwise payable to the Loan Parties under the policies directly to the Collateral Agent (or, to the extent required under the First Lien Credit Agreement or the Intercreditor Agreement, the First Lien Agent), (ii) a provision to the effect that none of the Loan Parties, Credit Parties or any other Person shall be a co-insurer and (iii) such other provisions as the Collateral Agent may reasonably require from time to time to protect the interests of the Credit Parties. Commercial general liability policies shall be endorsed to name the Collateral Agent as an additional insured. Business interruption policies shall name the Collateral Agent as a loss payee and shall be endorsed or amended to include (i) a provision that, from and after the Closing Date, the insurer shall pay all proceeds otherwise payable to the Loan Parties under the policies directly to the Collateral Agent (or, to the extent required under the First Lien Credit Agreement or the Intercreditor Agreement, the First Lien Agent), (ii) a provision to the effect that none of the Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any other party shall be a co-insurer and (iii) such other provisions as the Collateral Agent may reasonably require from time to time to protect the interests of the Credit Parties. Each such policy referred to in this Section 6.07(a) shall also provide that it shall not be canceled, modified or not renewed (i) by reason of nonpayment of premium except upon not less than ten (10) days prior written notice thereof by the insurer to the Collateral Agent (giving the Collateral Agent and the First Lien Agent, as applicable, the right to cure defaults in the payment of premiums) or (ii) for any other reason except upon not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice thereof by the insurer to the Collateral Agent. The Borrower shall deliver to the Collateral Agent, prior to the cancellation, modification or non-renewal of any such policy of insurance, a copy of a renewal or replacement policy (or other evidence of renewal of a policy previously delivered to the Collateral Agent, including an insurance binder) together with evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent of payment of the premium therefor. 
 (b) None of the Credit Parties, or their agents or employees shall be liable for any loss or damage insured by the insurance policies required to be maintained under this Section 6.07 . Each Loan Party shall look solely to its insurance companies or any other parties other than the Credit Parties for the recovery of such loss or damage and such insurance companies shall have no rights of subrogation against any Credit Party or its agents or employees. If, however, the insurance policies do not provide waiver of subrogation rights against such parties, as required above, then the Loan Parties hereby agree, to the extent permitted by law, to waive their right of recovery, if any, against the Credit Parties and their agents and employees. The designation of any form, type or amount of insurance coverage by the any Credit Party under this Section 6.07 shall in no event be deemed a representation, warranty or advice by 
 48 

such Credit Party that such insurance is adequate for the purposes of the business of the Loan Parties or the protection of their properties. 
 (c) Maintain for themselves, a Directors and Officers insurance policy, and a Blanket Crime policy including employee dishonesty, forgery or alteration, theft, disappearance and destruction, robbery and safe burglary, property, and computer fraud coverage with responsible companies in such amounts as are customarily carried by business entities engaged in similar businesses similarly situated, and will upon request by the Administrative Agent furnish the Administrative Agent certificates evidencing renewal of each such policy. 
 (d) Intentionally omitted. 
 (e) Subject to the limitations on inspections contained elsewhere in this Agreement, permit any representatives that are designated by the Collateral Agent to inspect the insurance policies maintained by or on behalf of the Loan Parties and to inspect books and records related thereto and any properties covered thereby, all at the Loan Parties expense. 
 6.08 Compliance with Laws . Comply in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its business or property, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and with respect to which adequate reserves have been set aside and maintained by the Loan Parties in accordance with GAAP (b) such contest effectively suspends enforcement of the contested Laws and (c) the failure to comply therewith could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 6.09 Books and Records Accountants Corporate Separateness . 
 (a) (i) Maintain and cause each Subsidiary thereof to maintain, proper books of record and account, in which full, true and correct entries in conformity with GAAP consistently applied shall be made of all financial transactions and matters involving the assets and business of the Loan Parties or such Subsidiary, as the case may be and (ii) maintain such books of record and account in material conformity with all applicable requirements of any Governmental Authority having regulatory jurisdiction over the Loan Parties or such Subsidiary, as the case may be. 
 (b) At all times, retain a Registered Public Accounting Firm and permit such Registered Public Accounting Firm to discuss, with respect to each Loan Party and each Subsidiary thereof, such Person s financial performance, financial condition, operating results, controls, and such other matters, within the scope of the retention of such Registered Public Accounting Firm, as may be raised by the Administrative Agent, provided , that the Borrower shall be given reasonable opportunity to be present and at participate in any such discussions between the Administrative Agent and the Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 (c) Ensure that, except as otherwise permitted by this Agreement, no material assets of any Immaterial Subsidiary which holds any material assets or has any material liabilities are commingled with any material assets of any Loan Party. 
 6.10 Inspection Rights Consultants . 
 (a) 6.10 Inspection Rights . With respect to each Loan Party, permit and cause its Subsidiaries to permit, representatives and independent contractors of the Administrative Agent to, for purposes of an audit of the Collateral, visit and inspect any of its or any of its Subsidiaries properties, to examine its or any of its Subsidiaries corporate, financial and operating records, and make copies thereof or abstracts therefrom, and to discuss its or any of its Subsidiaries affairs, finances and accounts with its or its Subsidiaries directors, officers, and Registered Public Accounting Firm once in any 12 month period or, during the continuance of any Event of Default, at the Administrative Agent s reasonable discretion), all at the expense of the Loan Parties and at such reasonable times during normal business hours, upon reasonable advance notice to the Borrower provided, however, that during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent (or any of its representatives or independent contractors) 
 49 

may do any of the foregoing at the expense of the Loan Parties at any time during normal business hours and without advance notice. 
 (b) Borrower Consultant. At all times from and after the First Amendment Effective Date, the Borrower shall continue to retain KPMG LLP and or its Affiliates as a third-party consultant (collectively, the Borrower Consultant ), at the sole cost and expense of the Loan Parties. The Loan Parties hereby (i) authorize the Administrative Agent (or its agents or advisors) to communicate directly with the Borrower Consultant regarding any and all matters related to the Loan Parties, including, without limitation, all financial reports and projections developed, reviewed or verified by the Borrower Consultant and all additional information, reports and statements requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, and (ii) authorize and direct the Borrower Consultant to provide the Administrative Agent with copies of reports and other information or materials prepared or reviewed by the Borrower Consultant as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may request including without limitation the materials described in the immediately preceding clause (i). 
 6.11 Use of Proceeds . Use the proceeds of the Loans (a) to finance the acquisition of working capital assets of the Borrower, including Permitted Acquisitions and the purchase of inventory and equipment, in each case in the ordinary course of business, and (b) for general corporate purposes of the Loan Parties, in each case to the extent permitted under applicable Law and the Loan Documents. 
 6.12 Additional Loan Parties Additional Collateral Further Assurances . (a) Each Loan Party shall cause each of its Domestic Subsidiaries (other than any FSHSCO, Subsidiary of a CFC, or Immaterial Subsidiary (except as otherwise provided in paragraph (d) of this Section 6.12 )) formed or acquired after the date of this Agreement in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, to become a Guarantor (an Additional Loan Party within fifteen (15) days thereafter by executing a Joinder Agreement and simultaneously therewith grant Liens to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Credit Parties in any property (subject to any limitations set forth in the Security Agreement) of such Additional Loan Party which would constitute Collateral if such Additional Loan Party were already a Loan Party party hereto, on such terms as may be required pursuant to the terms of the Security Documents provided , that no joinder of any Additional Loan Party shall become effective until such Additional Borrower provides all documentation and other information that the Administrative Agent or any Lender reasonably requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act. 
 (b) Without limiting the foregoing, each Loan Party will, and will cause each Subsidiary that is a Loan Party to, execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered, to the Collateral Agent such documents, agreements and instruments, and will take or cause to be taken such further actions (including the filing and recording of financing statements and other documents and such other actions or deliveries of the type required by Section 4.01 , as applicable), which may be required by law or which the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may, from time to time, reasonably request to carry out the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and to ensure perfection and priority of the Liens created or intended to be created by the Security Documents, all at the expense of the Loan Parties, it being agreed that no Collateral Access Agreements shall be required to be furnished with respect to leased Real Estate used as retail stores. 
 (c) Subject to the limitations set forth or referred to in this Section 6.12 , if any material personal property of the type constituting Collateral hereunder or under the Security Documents is acquired by any Loan Party after the Closing Date (other than assets constituting Collateral under the Security Documents that become subject to the Lien in favor of the Agent upon acquisition thereof), the Borrower will notify the Administrative Agent thereof, and, if requested by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower will cause such assets to be subjected to a Lien securing the Obligations and will take, and cause the other Loan Parties, such actions as shall be necessary or reasonably requested by Administrative Agent to grant and perfect such Liens, including actions described in paragraph (b) of this Section, all at the expense of the Loan Parties provided , that the cost of perfecting such Lien is not unreasonable in relation to the benefits to the Lenders of the security afforded thereby in the Administrative Agent s reasonable business judgment after consultation with the Borrower). 
 50 

(d) If, at any time and from time to time after the Closing Date, Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties because they are Immaterial Subsidiaries comprise in the aggregate more than 5.0 of Consolidated total assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the end of the most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Borrower or more than 5.0 of Consolidated gross revenue of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters as of the end of the most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Borrower, then the Borrower shall, not later than 45 days after the date by which financial statements for such quarter are required to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement (or such longer period not to exceed 60 days after such date as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion), cause one or more of such Subsidiaries that are Domestic Subsidiaries to become Loan Parties (notwithstanding that such Domestic Subsidiaries are, individually, Immaterial Subsidiaries) such that the foregoing condition ceases to be true. 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Loan Parties shall not be required to include as Collateral any Excluded Assets unless the Loan Parties shall grant to the First Lien Agent, for the benefit of the Credit Parties (as defined in the First Lien Credit Agreement), a Lien in and to the Excluded Assets pursuant to an intercreditor agreement and or Security Documents acceptable to the Agents and the Required Lenders. 
 (f) In no event shall compliance with this Section 6.12 waive or be deemed a waiver or Consent to any transaction giving rise to the need to comply with this Section 6.12 if such transaction was not otherwise expressly permitted by this Agreement or constitute or be deemed to constitute, with respect to any Subsidiary, an approval of such Person as a Loan Party. 
 6.13 Intentionally Omitted. 
 6.14 Information Regarding the Collateral . Furnish to the Administrative Agent (a) at least seven (7) days prior written notice (unless such period is waived or shortened as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) of any change in (i) any Loan Party s name or in any trade name used to identify it in the conduct of its business or in the ownership of its properties (ii) any Loan Party s organizational structure or jurisdiction of incorporation or formation or (iii) any Loan Party s Federal Taxpayer Identification Number or organizational identification number assigned to it by its state of organization and (b) no later than five (5) days after any such change (unless such period is waived or extended as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) of any change in the location of any Loan Party s chief executive office, its principal place of business, and any office in which it maintains a material portion of its books or records relating to Collateral owned by it. 
 6.15 Intentionally Omitted. 
 6.16 Intentionally Omitted. 
 6.17 Intentionally Omitted. 
 6.18 Intentionally Omitted. 
 6.19 Compliance with ERISA . Cause, and cause each of its ERISA Affiliates to (a) maintain each Pension Plan in compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other federal or state law (b) cause each Pension Plan which is qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code to maintain such qualification and (c) make all required contributions to any Pension Plan subject to Section 412 of the Code. 
 6.20 Intentionally Omitted. 
 6.21 Anti-Corruption Laws Sanctions . Conduct its businesses in all material respects in compliance with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010, and other applicable anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions and with all applicable Sanctions, and maintain policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws and Sanctions. 
 51 

6.22 Post-Closing Obligations . Complete each of the actions described in this Section 6.22 as soon as commercially reasonable and by no later than the date set forth below with respect to such action (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree in its sole discretion). All conditions precedent, covenants and representations and warranties contained in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be deemed modified to the extent necessary to effect the foregoing (and to permit the taking of the actions described in this Section 6.22 within the time periods required by this Section 6.22, rather than as elsewhere provided in the Loan Documents) provided that (x) to the extent any representation and warranty would not be true, or any provision of any covenant breached, because the foregoing actions were not taken on the Closing Date, the respective representation and warranty shall be required to be true and correct in all material respects, and the covenant complied with, at the time the respective action is taken (or was required to be taken) in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Section 6.22 and (y) all representations and warranties and covenants relating to the Security Documents shall be required to be true or, in the case of any covenant, complied with, immediately after the actions required to be taken by this Section 6.22 have been taken (or were required to be taken). 
 (a) Within sixty (60) days following the Closing Date or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion), the Loan Parties shall amend each Securities Account Control Agreement, Blocked Account Agreement and DDA Notification (each as defined in the First Lien Credit Agreement) entered into in connection with or pursuant to the First Lien Credit Agreement, or otherwise execute and deliver a new Securities Account Control Agreement, Blocked Account Agreement or DDA Notification, in each case in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, such that the Collateral Agent shall become a party to each such agreement and establish control or otherwise perfect its security interests in accordance with the Loan Documents. Reserved . 
 (b) Within sixty (60) days following the Closing Date (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion), the Loan Parties shall amend each Collateral Access Agreement entered into in connection with or pursuant to the First Lien Credit Agreement, or otherwise execute and deliver new Collateral Access Agreements, in each case in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, such that the Collateral Agent shall become a party to each such Collateral Access Agreement. 
 (c) Within sixty (60) days following the Closing Date (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion), the Loan Parties shall amend the deposit account control agreement entered into with respect to the Licensed Merchandise Account, or execute and deliver a new deposit account control agreement with respect to the Licensed Merchandise Account, in each case in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, in order to establish and perfect and third priority lien on such account in favor of the Collateral Agent. Reserved . 
 (d) Within sixty (60) days following the Closing Date (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion), the Loan Parties shall deliver to the Collateral Agent insurance certificates and endorsements naming the Collateral Agent as lender loss payee and or additional insured, as applicable, under each general liability, casualty and property insurance policy of each Loan Party. 
 (e) In furtherance of the obligations under Section 6.12, the Loan Parties shall conduct a review of the Collateral and cooperate with the Agents in their review of the Collateral, including, without limitation, all of the Borrower s and each other Loan Party s accounts, equipment, real estate, intellectual property and other assets, and following such review, the Loan Parties agree to take any further actions requested by the Agents as may be required by Section 6.12. 
 6.23 Specified Event Refinancing . 
 (a) Specified Event. 
 (i) At all times after the First Amendment Effective Date, the Loan Parties shall engage and retain Investment Bank on terms approved by the First Lien Agent to, among other things, assist with a Specified Event. 
 52 

(ii) The Borrower shall diligently pursue a Specified Event pursuant to a process reasonably acceptable to the First Lien Agent, which shall include milestones reasonably acceptable to the First Lien Agent (satisfaction of which is not required by the terms of this Agreement and the failure of the Borrowers to satisfy such milestones shall not constitute an Event of Default (for the avoidance of doubt except with respect to Section 6.23(a)(iii) below)). 
 (iii) No later than May 31, 2023 at 5 00 p.m. (Eastern time), or such later date as the First Lien Agent may agree in its sole discretion (unless the Required Lenders (as defined in the First Lien Credit Agreement) otherwise direct the First Lien Agent in writing), the Borrower shall have consummated any Specified Event provided that such foregoing date shall not be extended by the Borrower or the First Lien Agent to any date after August 31, 2023 without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent. 
 (iv) The proceeds of each Specified Event shall be deposited into the Concentration Account (as defined in the First Lien Credit Agreement) and applied to the payment of the Obligations then outstanding in accordance with Section 2.05(b) of this Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions of the Intercreditor Agreement. 
 (b) Refinancing. 
 (i) At all times after the First Amendment Effective Date , the Borrower shall continue to engage and retain Investment Bank and cause Investment Bank to, among other things, begin pursuing commitments from third party financial institutions or other lenders for one or more credit facilities or other financing transactions to the extent such credit facilities or other financing transactions constitute a Qualifying Refinancing Transaction, the net proceeds of which would be sufficient to cause all Secured Obligations to be Fully Satisfied (collectively, a Specified Refinancing Transaction ), and the Borrower shall provide Administrative Agent with evidence of its compliance with this Section 6.23(b)(i) (including, without limitation, by providing Administrative Agent with a copy of an executed engagement letter between the Borrower and the Investment Bank), it being understood that such evidence shall be subject to any applicable confidentiality provisions set forth in this Agreement. 
 (ii) In connection with pursuing a Specified Refinancing Transaction (A) by no later than May 15, 2023 or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree in its sole discretion (unless the Required Lenders otherwise direct the Administrative Agent in writing), the Borrower shall cause Investment Bank to contact prospective lenders as may be necessary in Investment Bank s professional judgment to lead to a successful closing of a Specified Refinancing Transaction, and the Borrower shall provide Administrative Agent with evidence of its compliance with this Section 6.19(b)(ii) and (B) the Borrower shall (and shall cause Investment Bank to) comply with such other milestones as may be necessary in Investment Bank s professional judgment (which milestones shall be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) to lead to a successful closing of a Specified Refinancing Transaction. 
 (c) The Loan Parties shall cause the Investment Bank to provide the Administrative Agent with a listing of all parties contacted by the Investment Bank regarding any Specified Event and copies of all Specified Event-related materials (all of which the Administrative Agent may distribute to the Lenders (subject to any applicable confidentiality provisions set forth in this Agreement)). The Loan Parties shall cause Investment Bank to (A) provide weekly updates regarding any Specified Event to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (which shall be led by the Investment Bank and shall include providing a written summary update (which shall be subject to any applicable confidentiality provisions set forth in this Agreement) of the current involvement of all parties contacted by the Investment Bank regarding any Specified Event and a written summary (which shall be subject to any applicable confidentiality provisions set forth in this Agreement) of the material terms of all letters of intent, indications of interest, and purchase agreements received to date (together with copies of same)) and (B) be available to discuss any Specified Event with the Administrative Agent and the Lenders upon request made upon reasonable advance notice. The Borrower shall promptly (and in any event within two (2) Business Days) respond to all other material or information requests regarding any Specified Event reasonably made by the Administrative Agent or the Lenders to the Borrower. 
 53 

(d) Teleconferences. At the Administrative Agent s request, not less than monthly the Loan Parties shall be available to conduct a telephonic meeting in which the respective representatives of the Borrower, each other Loan Party, the Administrative Agent, and their respective advisors and counsel shall be entitled to participate, whereupon the Borrower shall present, among other things, an update on the Loan Parties cash flow, changes in management and or organizational structure, business operations, and financial performance and updates regarding their efforts to obtain a Specified Refinancing Transaction, including prospective lenders contacted, diligence information provided, proposals or commitments received and the status of negotiation and documentation of such replacement financing, and the Borrower shall promptly provide copies of any such proposals, commitments or other documents to the Administrative Agent. 

ARTICLE VII NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 So long as any Obligation (other than contingent indemnification obligations for which no claim has been asserted) hereunder shall not be Fully Satisfied, no Loan Party shall 
 7.01 Liens . Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property, assets or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired or sign or file or suffer to exist under the UCC or any similar Law or statute of any jurisdiction a financing statement that names any Loan Party as debtor or sign or suffer to exist any security agreement authorizing any Person thereunder to file such financing statement, other than the following (each of the following, a Permitted Encumbrance 
 (a) (i) Liens pursuant to any Loan Document and (ii) Liens pursuant to any First Lien Loan Document 
 (b) Liens existing on the date hereof and listed on Schedule 7.01 and any renewals or extensions thereof, provided , that (i) the property covered thereby is not changed, (ii) the amount secured or benefited thereby is not increased, (iii) the direct or any contingent obligor with respect thereto is not changed, and (iv) any renewal or extension of the obligations secured or benefited thereby is otherwise permitted by Section 7.03(b) 
 (c) Liens imposed by law for Taxes that are not yet due or are being contested in compliance with Section 6.04 
 (d) carriers , warehousemen s, mechanics , materialmen s, repairmen s and other like Liens imposed by applicable Law, arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations that are not overdue by more than thirty (30) days or are being contested in compliance with Section 6.04 
 (e) pledges and deposits made in the ordinary course of business in compliance with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security laws or regulations, other than any Lien imposed by ERISA 
 (f) Landlords and lessors Liens in respect of obligations not in default 
 (g) deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts and leases (other than Indebtedness), statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business 
 (h) Liens relating to Real Estate consisting of easements, covenants, conditions, restrictions, building code laws, zoning restrictions, rights-of-way and similar encumbrances on real property and interests of tenants, subtenants, licensees and other occupants, only as tenants, subtenants, licensees or other occupants, as applicable, under any lease, sublease, license agreement, or other occupancy agreement, in each case, imposed by law or arising in the ordinary course of business that do not secure any Indebtedness and do not materially detract from the value of the affected property or materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of business of a Loan Party and such other minor title 
 54 

defects or survey matters that are disclosed by current surveys that, in each case, do not materially interfere with the current use of the real property 
 (i) Liens in respect of judgments for the payment of money that would not constitute an Event of Default under Section 8.01(h) 
 (j) Liens on fixed or capital assets acquired by any Loan Party which are permitted under Section 7.03(e) so long as (i) such Liens and the Indebtedness secured thereby are incurred prior to or within one hundred twenty (120) days after such acquisition, (ii) the Indebtedness secured thereby does not exceed the cost or fair market value, whichever is lower, of the property being acquired on the date of acquisition and (iii) such Liens shall not extend to any other property or assets of the Loan Parties 
 (k) possessory Liens in favor of brokers and dealers arising in connection with the acquisition or disposition of Investments owned as of the date hereof and Permitted Investments, provided , that such liens (a) attach only to such Investments and (b) secure only obligations incurred in the ordinary course and arising in connection with the acquisition or disposition of such Investments and not any obligation in connection with margin financing 
 (l) subject in all respects to the terms and conditions of the Merchandising Agreement Side Letter, Liens in favor of FLC on the Licensed Merchandise and proceeds thereof in accordance with the Merchandising Agreement and, subject to the terms and conditions of the Merchandising Agreement Side Letter (including the requirement of release of liens on proceeds of Licensed Merchandise in accordance therewith), a first priority Lien in favor of FLC with respect to the Licensed Merchandise Account pursuant to a deposit account control agreement in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent 
 (m) banker s liens, liens in favor of securities intermediaries, rights of setoff or similar rights and remedies as to deposit accounts or securities accounts or other funds maintained with depository institutions or securities intermediaries 
 (n) Liens arising from precautionary UCC filings 
 (o) Liens on property (other than property of the type included in the Borrowing Base) in existence at the time such property is acquired pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition or on such property of a Loan Party in existence at the time such Loan Party is acquired pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition provided , that (x) such Liens are not incurred in connection with or in anticipation of such Permitted Acquisition and do not attach to any other assets of any Loan Party and (y) the Borrower shall use commercially reasonable efforts to remove any such Liens described in this clause (o) which are involuntary 
 (p) intentionally omitted 
 (q) Liens in favor of customs and revenues authorities imposed by applicable Law arising in the ordinary course of business in connection with the importation of goods and securing obligations (i) that are not overdue by more than thirty (30) days, or (ii)(A) that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (B) the applicable Loan Party has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP and (C) such contest effectively suspends collection of the contested obligation and enforcement of any Lien securing such obligation 
 (r) Liens in connection with any sale-leasebacks permitted by clause (h) of Section 7.05 provided , that no such Lien shall extend to cover any property or asset of such Loan Party other than the lease entered into in connection with any such sale-leaseback 
 (s) Liens consisting of cash deposits in an amount not to exceed 10,000,000 securing the obligations of the Borrower under Bank Products permitted under Section 7.03(d) 
 55 

(t) in connection with the sale or transfer of all of the Equity Interests of a Subsidiary in a transaction permitted by Section 7.05 , customary rights and restrictions contained in agreements relating to such sale or transfer pending the completion thereof and 
 (u) in the case of a Subsidiary that is not a wholly-owned Subsidiary, any put and call arrangements related to its Equity Interests set forth in its Organizational Documents or any related joint venture or similar agreement. 
 7.02 Investments . Make any Investments, except for the following (each a Permitted Investment 
 (a) Investments existing on the Closing Date and set forth on Schedule 7.02 or any continuation or roll-over of any such Investment, so long as the amount thereof is not increased 
 (b) Investments by the Borrower and the other Loan Parties in the form of (i) readily marketable obligations issued or directly and fully guaranteed or insured by the United States of America or any agency or instrumentality thereof having maturities of not more than 360 days from the date of acquisition thereof provided , that the full faith and credit of the United States of America is pledged in support thereof (ii) notes, bonds or other obligations of states, counties, and municipalities of the United States that are rated not less than MIG1 or VMIG1 (iii) time deposits with, or insured certificates of deposit or bankers acceptances of, any commercial bank or trust company that (1) (A) is a Lender or a Lender (as defined in the First Lien Credit Agreement) or (B) is organized under the laws of the United States of America, any state thereof or the District of Columbia or is the principal banking subsidiary of a bank holding company organized under the laws of the United States of America, any state thereof or the District of Columbia, and is a member of the Federal Reserve System, or (C) is a Foreign Bank that has an agency, branch or representative bank with a domestic U.S. license and (2) issues (or the parent of which issues) commercial paper rated at least Prime-1 (or the then equivalent grade) by Moody s or at least A-1 (or the then equivalent grade) by S&P and (D) has combined capital and surplus of at least 40,000,000,000 (or 50,000,000,000 in the case of any such Foreign Bank), in each case with maturities of not more than 180 days from the date of acquisition thereof (iv) commercial paper issued by any Person organized under the laws of any state of the United States of America and rated at least Prime-1 (or the then equivalent grade) by Moody s or at least A-1 (or the then equivalent grade) by S&P, in each case with maturities of not more than 270 days from the date of acquisition thereof (v) fully collateralized repurchase agreements with a term of not more than thirty (30) days for securities described in clause (i) above (without regard to the limitation on maturity contained in such clause) and entered into with a financial institution satisfying the criteria described in clause (iii) above or with any primary dealer and having a market value at the time that such repurchase agreement is entered into of not less than 100 of the repurchase obligation of such counterparty entity with whom such repurchase agreement has been entered into (vi) Investments, classified in accordance with GAAP as current assets of the Loan Parties, in any money market fund, mutual fund, or other investment companies that are registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, which are administered by financial institutions that have the highest rating obtainable from either Moody s or S&P, and which invest solely in one or more of the types of securities described in clauses (i) through (v) above 
 (b) reserved 
 (c) advances to officers, directors and employees of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties in an aggregate amount not to exceed 5,000,000 50,000 at any time outstanding, for travel, entertainment, relocation and analogous ordinary business purposes. 
 (d) (i) Investments by any Loan Party in their respective Subsidiaries outstanding on the date hereof, and (ii) additional Investments by any Loan Party in Loan Parties 
 (e) Investments consisting of extensions of credit in the nature of accounts receivable or notes receivable arising from the grant of trade credit in the ordinary course of business, and Investments received in satisfaction or partial satisfaction thereof from financially troubled account debtors to the extent reasonably necessary in order to prevent or limit loss 
 56 

(f) Guarantees constituting Permitted Indebtedness 
 (g) Investments constituting Permitted Acquisitions 
 (h) Investments in Permitted Self-Insurance Programs not to exceed 25,000,000 in the aggregate 
 (i) Investments received in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of, or settlement of delinquent accounts and disputes with, customers and suppliers, in each case in the ordinary course of business 
 (j) Investments by any Loan Party in Swap Contracts permitted hereunder 
 (k) without duplication of Investments permitted pursuant to clauses (a) through (j) above and (l) below, other Investments in an aggregate amount invested at any time during the term of this Agreement not to exceed 5,000,000 reserved and 
 (l) Solely to the extent made prior to the First Amendment Effective Date , Investments in Immaterial Subsidiaries made after the Closing Date (in addition to any Investments permitted pursuant to clause (h) above prior to the First Amendment Effective Date in an aggregate amount invested at any time during the term of this Agreement not to exceed 60,000,000. 
 provided , however , that notwithstanding the foregoing, such Investments shall be pledged to the Collateral Agent as collateral for the Secured Obligations pursuant to such agreements as may be reasonably required by the Collateral Agent. 
 7.03 Indebtedness Disqualified Stock . Issue Disqualified Stock or create, incur, assume, guarantee, suffer to exist, issue or otherwise become or remain liable with respect to, any Indebtedness, except the following Permitted Indebtedness 
 (a) (i) the Secured Obligations and (ii) the Secured Obligations (as defined in the First Lien Credit Agreement) permitted to be incurred under the First Lien Credit Agreement as in effect on the Closing Date (excluding any increase in the commitments thereunder pursuant to Section 2.15 of the First Lien Credit Agreement) and subject to the Intercreditor Agreement provided that, in no event shall the Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments (as defined in the First Lien Credit Agreement) exceed 40,000,000 at any time 
 (b) Indebtedness outstanding on the date hereof and listed on Schedule 7.03 and any Permitted Refinancings thereof 
 (c) Indebtedness of any Loan Party to any other Loan Party and guaranties by any Loan Party of any Indebtedness of any other Loan Party otherwise permitted hereunder 
 (d) obligations (contingent or otherwise) of any Loan Party existing or arising under any Swap Contract, provided , that (i) such obligations are (or were) entered into by such Person in the ordinary course of business for the purpose of directly mitigating risks associated with liabilities, commitments, investments, assets, or property held or reasonably anticipated by such Person, or changes in the value of securities issued by such Person, and not for purposes of speculation or taking a market view and (ii) such Swap Contract does not contain any provision exonerating the non-defaulting party from its obligation to make payments on outstanding transactions to the defaulting party provided , that the aggregate notional amount of all such Swap Contracts shall not exceed 125,000,000 at any time outstanding 
 (e) without duplication of Indebtedness described in clause (g) of this definition, purchase money Indebtedness of any Loan Party to finance the acquisition of any fixed or capital assets, including Capital Lease Obligations, and any Indebtedness assumed in connection with the acquisition of any such assets or secured by a Lien on any such assets prior to the acquisition thereof, and any Permitted 
 57 

Refinancing thereof, provided , however , that the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness permitted by this clause (e) shall not exceed 60,000,000 at any time outstanding and provided, further, that, if requested by the First Lien Agent with respect to any Material Storage Location, the Loan Parties shall cause the holders of such Indebtedness to enter into a Collateral Access Agreement on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent 
 (f) contingent liabilities under surety bonds or similar instruments incurred in the ordinary course of business 
 (g) Indebtedness with respect to the deferred purchase price for any Permitted Acquisition, provided , that such Indebtedness does not require the payment in cash of principal (other than in respect of working capital adjustments) prior to the Maturity Date, has a maturity which extends beyond the Maturity Date, and is subordinated to the Secured Obligations on terms reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent 
 (h) Indebtedness of any Loan Party that exists at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary of a Loan Party pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition (other than Indebtedness incurred in contemplation of such Person s becoming a Subsidiary of a Loan Party) and any Permitted Refinancing thereof as long as, in the case of any sale-leaseback transaction permitted hereunder with respect to any Material Storage Location, the Collateral Agent shall have received from such purchaser or transferee a Collateral Access Agreement on terms and conditions reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent 
 (i) intentionally omitted 
 (j) intentionally omitted 
 (k) intentionally omitted 
 (l) Indebtedness owed to any Person providing worker s compensation, health, disability or other employee benefits or property, casualty insurance or liability insurance, pursuant to reimbursement or indemnification obligations to such Person, in each case, incurred in the ordinary course of business and 
 (m) Indebtedness owed in respect of any overdrafts and related liabilities arising from Cash Management Services or any other treasury, depositary and cash management services or in connection with any ACH transfer of funds. 
 7.04 Fundamental Changes . Merge, dissolve, liquidate, consolidate with or into another Person (including, in each case, pursuant to a Division), or agree to do any of the foregoing, except that, so long as no Default shall have occurred and be continuing prior to or immediately after giving effect to any action described below or would result therefrom 
 (a) any Loan Party other than the Borrower may merge with or into another Loan Party , provided that in the case of any such transaction involving the Borrower, the Borrower shall be the surviving entity and 
 (b) in connection with a Permitted Acquisition, any Loan Party may merge with or into or consolidate with any other Person or permit any other Person to merge with or into or consolidate with it provided , that such Loan Party is the surviving Person. 
 7.05 Dispositions . Make any Disposition, except the following (each a Permitted Disposition 
 (a) Dispositions of Equipment in the ordinary course of business that is substantially worn, damaged, obsolete or, in the judgment of a Loan Party, no longer useful or necessary in its business and is not replaced with similar property having at least equivalent value 
 58 

(b) Dispositions of Inventory in the ordinary course of business 
 (c) Store closings (including the termination or non-renewal of any applicable Lease or contract), bulk sales or other dispositions of the Inventory of a Loan Party conducted in orderly fashion in accordance with the applicable Store contract or otherwise and otherwise typical for the college bookseller industry Customary Dispositions ), provided , that any other Store closures and related Inventory dispositions that are not Customary Dispositions shall be permitted hereunder so long as such closures and dispositions shall not exceed (i) in any Fiscal Year of the Borrower, ten percent (10.0 of the number of the Loan Parties Store contracts as of the beginning of such Fiscal Year (net of new Store openings) and (ii) in the aggregate from and after the Closing Date, twenty-five percent (25.0 of the number of such Loan Parties Store contracts in existence as of the Closing Date (net of new Store openings) 
 (d) Dispositions of Inventory constituting Licensed Merchandise in accordance with the Merchandising Agreement and the E-Commerce Agreement 
 (e) non-exclusive licenses of Intellectual Property of a Loan Party in the ordinary course of business 
 (f) sales, transfers and dispositions by any Loan Party to another Loan Party 
 (g) sales, transfers and dispositions of any Immaterial Subsidiary to another Person provided, however, that the total assets and gross revenue of all Immaterial Subsidiaries disposed of from and after the Closing Date shall not exceed five percent (5 of (i) the Consolidated total assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and (ii) the Consolidated gross revenue of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, respectively 
 (h) as long as no Default then exists or would arise therefrom and each of the Agents shall have consented thereto in writing , sales of Real Estate of any Loan Party (or sales of any Person or Persons created to hold such Real Estate or the equity interests in such Person or Persons), including sale-leaseback transactions involving any such Real Estate pursuant to leases on market terms and in an aggregate amount disposed of at any time during the term of this Agreement not to exceed 10,000,000, and as long as, in the case of any sale-leaseback transaction permitted hereunder with respect to any Material Storage Location, the Collateral Agent shall have received from such purchaser or transferee a Collateral Access Agreement on terms and conditions reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent 
 (i) any Disposition of Real Estate to a Governmental Authority as a result of the condemnation of such Real Estate 
 (j) as long as each of the Agents shall have consented thereto in writing, Dispositions of Excluded Assets in accordance with any intercreditor agreement or Security Documents applicable thereto, in an aggregate amount disposed of at any time during the term of this Agreement not to exceed 10,000,000 and not constituting Material IP 
 (k) termination or non-renewal of a Lease and granting a lease, sublease, license or other occupancy interest with respect to any owned Real Estate or any real property subject to a Lease, in each case, so long as such action could not reasonably be expected to result in Material Adverse Effect and 
 (l) as long as no Default exists or would arise therefrom and without duplication of Dispositions permitted pursuant to clauses (a) through (k) above, other Dispositions, provided , that the aggregate fair market value of all assets Disposed of in reliance upon this paragraph (l), other than if such Disposition constitutes a Qualifying Disposition, shall not exceed 35,000,000 during any Fiscal Year of the Borrower and if such Disposition constitutes a Qualifying Disposition, the proceeds any other Disposition constituting a Specified Event, provided the Net Proceeds thereof are applied in accordance with the terms of Section 2.05(b) . 
 59 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, no Material IP shall be permitted to be transferred (including by way of an exclusive license, investment, Disposition, designation as an Immaterial Subsidiary or otherwise), or come to be owned by, any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party. 
 7.06 Restricted Payments . Make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, except that, so long as no Default shall have occurred and be continuing prior to or immediately after giving effect to any action described below or would result therefrom, including no Event of Default arising as a result of a breach of Section 7.15 of the First Lien Credit Agreement (calculating the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio on a pro forma basis) 
 (a) each Loan Party may make Restricted Payments to any Loan Party 
 (b) the Loan Parties may declare and make dividend payments or other distributions payable solely in the common stock or other Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Stock) of such Person and 
 (c) intentionally omitted and 
 (d) intentionally omitted . 
 7.07 Prepayments of Indebtedness . Prepay, redeem, purchase, defease or otherwise satisfy, in each case, prior to the scheduled maturity thereof in any manner any Material Indebtedness for borrowed money (other than Indebtedness under the Loan Documents and the First Lien Loan Documents), except that, so long as no Default shall have occurred and be continuing prior to or immediately after giving effect to any action described below or would result therefrom, including no Event of Default arising as a result of a breach of Section 7.15 of the First Lien Credit Agreement (calculating the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio on a pro forma basis) 
 (a) regularly scheduled or mandatory repayments, repurchases, redemptions or defeasances of Permitted Indebtedness 
 (b) intentionally omitted and 
 (c) Permitted Refinancings of certain Permitted Indebtedness in accordance with Section 7.03 . 
 7.08 Change in Nature of Business . Engage in any line of business substantially different from the Business. 
 7.09 Transactions with Affiliates . Enter into, renew, extend or be a party to any transaction of any kind with any Affiliate of any Loan Party, whether or not in the ordinary course of business, other than on fair and reasonable terms substantially as favorable to the Loan Parties as would be obtainable by the Loan Parties at the time in a comparable arm s length transaction with a Person other than an Affiliate, provided , that the foregoing restriction shall not apply to any transaction between or among the Loan Parties not prohibited hereunder. 
 7.10 Burdensome Agreements . Enter into, permit any Subsidiary to enter into, or permit to exist any Contractual Obligation (other than this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any First Lien Loan Document) that (a) limits the ability (i) of any Subsidiary to make Restricted Payments or other distributions to any Loan Party or to otherwise transfer property to or invest in a Loan Party, (ii) of any Subsidiary to Guarantee the Secured Obligations, (iii) of any Subsidiary to make or repay loans to a Loan Party, or (iv) of the Loan Parties or any Subsidiary to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist Liens on property of such Person in favor of the Collateral Agent provided , however , that this clause (iv) shall not prohibit any negative pledge incurred or provided in favor of any holder of Indebtedness permitted under and in accordance with clauses (e) (solely to the extent any such negative pledge relates to the property financed by or the subject of such Indebtedness), (g), (h) (solely to the extent any such negative pledge relates to the Subsidiary acquired pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition) or (k) (solely to the extent 
 60 

any such negative pledge relates to the property financed by or the subject of such Indebtedness) of Section 7.03 or (b) requires the grant of a Lien to secure an obligation of such Person if a Lien is granted to secure another obligation of such Person provided , that (x) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions and conditions imposed by applicable Law, (y) the foregoing shall not apply to customary restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to the sale of a Subsidiary permitted hereunder pending such sale, provided , that such restrictions and conditions apply only to the Subsidiary that is to be sold and (z) clause (a)(iv) of this Section shall not apply to customary provisions in leases restricting the assignment thereof or the granting of a leasehold mortgage thereon. 
 7.11 Use of Proceeds . Use the proceeds of the Loans, whether directly or indirectly, and whether immediately, incidentally or ultimately, to purchase or carry margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U of the FRB) or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock or to refund Indebtedness originally incurred for such purpose. 
 7.12 Amendment of Organizational Documents, Material Indebtedness or Certain Contracts . Amend, modify or waive (a) its Organization Documents in a manner materially adverse to the Credit Parties, (b) the definition of Licensed Merchandise under any Licensed Merchandise Agreement, or (c) any other provisions of any Licensed Merchandise Agreement or any Loan Party s rights under any Material Indebtedness, in each case to the extent that such amendment, modification or waiver (i) would violate, or compliance with which could reasonably be expected to result in the violation of, any Loan Document, (ii) otherwise could reasonably be expected to be materially adverse to the interests of the Credit Parties, taken as a whole, or (iii) could be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 7.13 Corporate Name Fiscal Year . 
 (a) Change the Fiscal Year of any Loan Party, or the material accounting policies or reporting practices of the Loan Parties, except as required by GAAP. 
 (b) Effect or permit any change referred to in Section 6.14 unless (i) the Collateral Agent s written acknowledgement that all filings have been made under the UCC or otherwise that are required in order for the Collateral Agent to continue at all times following such change to have a valid, legal and perfected second priority security interest in all the Collateral for its own benefit and the benefit of the other Credit Parties, and (ii) after giving effect to any change to the location of the Collateral, all Collateral shall be located within the United States. 
 7.14 Anti-Layering. The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any Guarantor to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist (x) Indebtedness (including Indebtedness acquired or assumed as part of an acquisition) that is contractually subordinated or junior in right of payment to any Indebtedness of the Borrower or such Guarantor, as the case may be, unless such Indebtedness is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Loans or the applicable Guarantor s guarantee of the Loans to the extent and in the same manner as such Indebtedness is subordinated in right of payment to other Indebtedness of the Borrower or such Guarantor, as the case may be, or (y) any Indebtedness that is secured and which is, by its express terms, subordinated as to rights to receive, or subject to turnover of, payments or proceeds of collateral to any other Indebtedness of the Borrower or such Guarantor secured in whole or in part by the same collateral (including any first-loss or last-out tranche under the First Lien Loan Documents or the documentation governing any other first lien facilities), unless both (1) such Indebtedness ranks pari passu or junior in right of payment to the Loans and (2) the liens securing such Indebtedness rank pari passu or junior to the liens securing the Loans. 
 7.15 Intentionally Omitted. 
 7.16 Intentionally Omitted. 
 7.16 Variance Covenant . During any Variance Testing Period, permit Actual Disbursement Amounts for any Cumulative Four-Week Period to exceed the Budgeted Disbursement Amounts for such Cumulative Four-Week Period by an amount greater than ten percent (10.0 of such Budgeted Disbursement Amounts for such Cumulative Four-Week Period. 
 61 

7.17 Sanctions . Directly or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, indirectly use the proceeds of the Loans, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary, joint venture partner or other individual or entity, to fund any activities of or business with any individual or entity, or in any Designated Jurisdiction, that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of Sanctions, or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any individual or entity (including any individual or entity participating in the transaction, whether as Lender, Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent, or otherwise) of Sanctions. 
 7.18 Anti-Corruption Laws . Directly or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, indirectly use the proceeds of the Loans for any purpose which would breach the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010, and other similar anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions. 
 7.19 

ARTICLE VIII EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 
 8.01 Events of Default . Any of the following events referred to in the below clauses of this Section 8.01 shall constitute an Event of Default 
 (a) Non-Payment . The Borrower fails to pay when and as required to be paid herein, (i) any amount of principal of the Loans, or (ii) within three (3) Business Days after the same becomes due, any interest on any Loan or any fee due hereunder, or any other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document or 
 (b) Specific Covenants . (i) Any Loan Party fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in any of Section 6.01 , Section 6.02 , Section 6.03 , Section 6.05 , Section 6.07 , Section 6.10 , Section 6.11 , Section 6.12, Section 6.23 (and except for any such failure under Section 6.23(a)(iii) (which shall constitute an immediate Event of Default), such failure under Section 6.23 continues for three (3) Business Days) or Article VII or 
 (c) Other Defaults . Any Loan Party fails to perform or observe any other covenant or agreement (not specified in subsection (a) or (b) above) contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed and such failure continues for thirty (30) days or 
 (d) Representations and Warranties . Any representation, warranty, certification or statement of fact made by or on behalf of the Borrower or any other Loan Party herein, in any other Loan Document, or in any document delivered in connection herewith or therewith shall be incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed made or 
 (e) Cross-Default . (i) Any Loan Party (A) fails to make any payment when due (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise) in respect of any Material Indebtedness (including undrawn committed or available amounts and including amounts owing to all creditors under any combined or syndicated credit arrangement) or Guarantee (other than Indebtedness hereunder and Indebtedness under Swap Contracts), or (B) fails to observe or perform any other agreement or condition relating to any such Material Indebtedness or Guarantee or contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing, securing or relating thereto, or any other event occurs, the effect of which default or other event is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Material Indebtedness or the beneficiary or beneficiaries of any Guarantee thereof (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries) to cause, with the giving of notice if required, such Material Indebtedness to be demanded or to become due or to be repurchased, prepaid, defeased or redeemed (automatically or otherwise), or an offer to repurchase, prepay, defease or redeem such Material Indebtedness to be made, prior to its stated maturity, or such Guarantee to become payable or cash collateral in respect thereof to be demanded or (ii) there occurs under any Swap Contract an Early Termination Date (as defined in such Swap Contract) resulting from (A) any event of default under such Swap Contract as to which a Loan Party is the Defaulting Party (as defined in such Swap Contract) or (B) 
 62 

any Termination Event (as so defined) under such Swap Contract as to which a Loan Party is an Affected Party (as so defined) and, in either event, the Swap Termination Value owed by the Loan Party as a result thereof is greater than 20,000,000 or 
 (f) Insolvency Proceedings, Etc. Any Loan Party institutes or consents to the institution of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors or applies for or consents to the appointment of any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer for it or for all or any material part of its property or a proceeding shall be commenced or a petition filed, without the application or consent of such Person, seeking or requesting the appointment of any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer is appointed and the appointment continues undischarged, undismissed or unstayed for 60 calendar days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered or any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law relating to any such Person or to all or any material part of its property is instituted without the consent of such Person and continues undismissed or unstayed for 60 calendar days, or an order for relief is entered in any such proceeding, or any Loan Party shall take any action to institute or effect any of the foregoing, or any Loan Party becomes subject to a Bail-In Action or 
 (g) Inability to Pay Debts Attachment . (i) Any Loan Party becomes unable or admits in writing its inability or fails generally to pay its debts as they become due in the ordinary course of business, or (ii) any writ or warrant of attachment or execution or similar process is issued or levied against all or any material part of the property of any such Person and is not released, vacated or fully bonded within 30 days after its issue or levy or 
 (h) Judgments . There is entered against any Loan Party one or more judgments or orders for the payment of money in an aggregate amount (as to all such judgments and orders) exceeding 20,000,000 15,000,000 (to the extent not covered by independent third-party insurance as to which the insurer is rated at least A by A.M. Best Company, has been notified of the potential claim and does not dispute coverage) and (A) enforcement proceedings are commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or order, or (B) there is a period of 10 consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment or order, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, is not in effect or 
 (i) ERISA . (i) An ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan which has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in liability of any Loan Party under Title IV of ERISA to the Pension Plan, Multiemployer Plan or the PBGC in an aggregate amount which could reasonably likely result in a Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) a Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate fails to pay when due, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, any installment payment with respect to its withdrawal liability under Section 4201 of ERISA under a Multiemployer Plan in an aggregate amount which could reasonably likely result in a Material Adverse Effect or 
 (j) Invalidity of Loan Documents . (i) Any material provision of any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or satisfaction in full of all the Obligations, ceases to be in full force and effect or any Loan Party or any other Person contests in any manner the validity or enforceability of any material provision of any Loan Document or any Loan Party denies in writing that it has any or further liability or obligation under any provision of any Loan Document, or purports to revoke, terminate or rescind any provision of any Loan Document or seeks to avoid, limit or otherwise adversely affect any Lien purported to be created under any Security Document or (ii) any Lien purported to be created under any Security Document shall cease to be, or shall be asserted by any Loan Party or any other Person not to be, a valid and perfected Lien on any Collateral, with the priority required by the applicable Security Document, it being understood that the application of Write-Down and Conversion Powers by any EEA Resolution Authority (or the public announcement of the impending application of such powers) with respect to any liabilities of a Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be deemed an Event of Default under this clause or 
 (k) Change of Control . There occurs any Change of Control or 
 63 

(l) Cessation of Business . The Loan Parties, taken as a whole, shall take any action to suspend all or substantially all operations of their Business or liquidate all or a material portion of their assets or Store locations, or employ an agent or other third party to conduct a program of closings, liquidations or Going-Out-Of-Business sales of any material portion of its business. 
 8.02 Remedies Upon Event of Default . If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Administrative Agent may, or, at the request of the Required Lenders shall, take any or all of the following actions 
 (a) reserved 
 (b) declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Loan Parties 
 (c) reserved and 
 (d) whether or not the maturity of any of the Secured Obligations shall have been accelerated pursuant hereto, subject to the terms and conditions of the Intercreditor Agreement, proceed to protect, enforce and exercise all rights and remedies of the Credit Parties under this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or applicable Law, including, but not limited to, by suit in equity, action at law or other appropriate proceeding, whether for the specific performance of any covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any instrument pursuant to which the Secured Obligations are evidenced, and, if such amount shall have become due, by declaration or otherwise, proceed to enforce the payment thereof or any other legal or equitable right of the Credit Parties 
 provided , however , that upon the occurrence of any Event of Default under Section 8.01(f) or Section 8.1(g) , the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and payable, without further act of the Administrative Agent or any Lender. 
 No remedy herein is intended to be exclusive of any other remedy and each and every remedy shall be cumulative and shall be in addition to every other remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or by statute or any other provision of Law. 
 8.03 Application of Funds . After the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 8.02 (or after the Loans have automatically become immediately due and payable as set forth in the proviso to Section 8.02 ), any amounts received on account of the Secured Obligations shall be applied by the Administrative Agent in the following order 
 First , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, Credit Party Expenses and other amounts (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent and amounts payable under Article III payable to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, each in its capacity as such 
 Second , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting indemnities, Credit Party Expenses, and other amounts (other than principal, interest and fees) payable to the Lenders (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the respective Lenders and amounts payable under Article III ), ratably among them in proportion to the amounts described in this clause Second payable to them 
 Third , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans and other Obligations, and fees (in each case, as payable to the Lenders), ratably among the Lenders in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Third payable to them 
 64 

Fourth , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans, ratably among the Lenders in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Fourth held by them 
 Fifth , to payment of all other Obligations, ratably among the Credit Parties in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Fifth held by them and 
 Last , the balance, if any, after all of the Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full, to the Loan Parties or as otherwise required by Law. 
 
 ARTICLE IX ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 9.01 Appointment and Authority . 
 (a) Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints TopLids LendCo, LLC to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and no Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof shall have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions. 
 (b) Each of the Lenders (in its capacities as a Lender) hereby irrevocably appoints TopLids LendCo, LLC as Collateral Agent and authorizes the Collateral Agent to act as the agent of such Lender for purposes of acquiring, holding and enforcing any and all Liens on Collateral granted by any of the Loan Parties to secure any of the Secured Obligations, together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto. In this connection, the Collateral Agent, as collateral agent and any co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact appointed by the Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 9.05 for purposes of holding or enforcing any Lien on the Collateral (or any portion thereof) granted under the Security Documents, or for exercising any rights and remedies thereunder at the direction of the Collateral Agent), shall be entitled to the benefits of all provisions of this Article IX and Article X (including Section 10.04(c)) , as though such co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact were the collateral agent under the Loan Documents, as if set forth in full herein with respect thereto. 
 (c) reserved . 
 (d) It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties. 
 9.02 Rights as a Lender . The Persons serving as the Agents hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in their capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though they were not the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with the Loan Parties or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders. 
 9.03 Exculpatory Provisions . The Agents shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, and their duties hereunder shall be administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Agents 
 65 

(a) shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing 
 (b) shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents), provided , that no Agent shall be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose such Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable Law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law and 
 (c) shall not have any duty or responsibility to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, to any Lender, any credit or other information concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of any of the Loan Parties or any of their Affiliates, that is communicated to, obtained or in the possession of, the Administrative Agent or any of their Related Parties in any capacity, except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished to the Lenders by the Administrative Agent herein. 
 No Agent shall be liable for any action taken or not taken by it (i) with the Consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as such Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Section 10.01 and Section 8.02 or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a final and non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. 
 The Agents shall not be deemed to have knowledge of any Default unless and until notice describing such Default is given to such Agent by the Loan Parties or a Lender. In the event that the Agents obtain such actual knowledge or receive such a notice, the Agents shall give prompt notice thereof to each of the other Credit Parties. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Agents shall take such action with respect to such Event of Default as shall be reasonably directed by the Required Lenders. Unless and until the Agents shall have received such direction, the Agents may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action, or refrain from taking such action, with respect to any such Event of Default as they, or either of them, shall deem advisable in the best interest of the Credit Parties. In no event shall the Agents be required to comply with any such directions to the extent that any Agent believes that its compliance with such directions would be unlawful. 
 The Agents shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or the creation, perfection or priority of any Lien purported to be created by the Security Documents, (v) the value or the sufficiency of any Collateral, or (vi) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Agents. 
 9.04 Reliance by Agents . Each Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including, but not limited to, any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. Each Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received written notice to the contrary from such Lender prior to the 
 66 

making of such Loan. Each Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for any Loan Party), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 
 9.05 Delegation of Duties . Each Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by such Agent. Each Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Agents and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as such Agent. No Agent shall be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and non-appealable judgment that such Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct or breach in bad faith in the selection of such sub-agents. 
 9.06 Resignation of Agents . Either Agent may at any time give written notice of its resignation to the Lenders and the Borrower. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States, and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, shall be reasonably acceptable to the Borrower. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Agent gives notice of its resignation (or such earlier day as shall be agreed to by the Required Lenders) (the Resignation Effective Date ), then the retiring Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) on behalf of the Lenders (and so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, with the written consent of the Borrower, not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) appoint a successor Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, meeting the qualifications set forth above provided , that whether or not a successor has been appointed, such resignation shall become effective in accordance with such notice on the Resignation Effective Date. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the Removal Effective Date ), then such removal shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice on the Removal Effective Date. With effect from the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date (as applicable) (1) the retiring Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (except that in the case of any Collateral held by the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Lenders under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring Collateral Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Collateral Agent is appointed) and (2) except for any indemnity payments or other amounts then owed to the retiring or removed Agent, all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender directly, until such time as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above in this Section 9.06 . Upon the acceptance of a successor s appointment as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or removed) Agent (other than as provided in Section 3.01(h) and other than any rights to indemnity payments or other amounts owed to the retiring or removed Agent as of the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date, as applicable), and the retiring (or removed) Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section 9.06 ). The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the retiring (or removed) Agent s resignation hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article IX and Section 10.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring (or removed) Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring Agent was acting as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent hereunder. 
 9.07 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders . Each Lender expressly acknowledges that neither the Administrative Agent nor the Collateral Agent has made any representation or warranty to it, and that no act by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent hereafter taken, including any consent to, and acceptance of any assignment or review of the affairs of any Loan Party of 
 67 

any Affiliate thereof, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent to any Lender as to any matter, including whether the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent have disclosed material information in their (or their Related Parties possession. Each Lender represents to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis of, appraisal of, and investigation into, the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, and all applicable bank or other regulatory Laws relating to the transactions contemplated hereby, and made its own decision to enter into this Agreement and to extend credit to the Borrower hereunder. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder, and to make such investigations as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties. Each Lender represents and warrants that (i) the Loan Documents set forth the terms of a commercial lending facility and (ii) it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans in the ordinary course and is entering into this Agreement as a Lender for the purpose of making, acquiring or holding commercial loans and providing other facilities set forth herein as may be applicable to such Lender, and not for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring or holding any other type of financial instrument, and each Lender agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of the foregoing. Each Lender represents and warrants that it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to make, acquire and or hold commercial loans and to provide other facilities set forth herein, as may be applicable to such Lender, and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to make, acquire and or hold such commercial loans or to provide such other facilities, is experienced in making, acquiring or holding such commercial loans or providing such other facilities. 
 9.08 Intentionally Omitted . 
 9.09 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim . In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Loan Parties) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise 
 (a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the other Credit Parties (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, such Credit Parties and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and such Credit Parties under Section 10.04 allowed in such judicial proceeding and 
 (b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same 
 and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, if the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Section 10.04 . 
 Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment 
 68 

or composition affecting the Secured Obligations or the rights of any Lender or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender in any such proceeding. 
 9.10 Collateral and Guaranty Matters . Without limiting the provisions of Section 9.09 , the Credit Parties irrevocably authorize the Agents, 
 (a) to release any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Collateral Agent under any Loan Document (i) upon all Secured Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations for which no claim has been asserted) becoming Fully Satisfied, (ii) that is sold or to be sold as part of or in connection with any sale permitted hereunder or under any other Loan Document, (iii) with respect to any Lien upon any Excluded Asset, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Intercreditor Agreement, any other intercreditor agreement and Security Documents applicable thereto, (iv) with respect to any Liens on property constituting less than all or substantially all of the Collateral, if approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Required Lenders or (v) in connection with any release effected pursuant to Section 9.10(c) or Section 11.12 to the extent such Lien was granted by the Loan Party being released 
 (b) to subordinate any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Collateral Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any Lien on such property that is permitted by clause (j) of Section 7.01 and 
 (c) subject to the limitations set forth in Section 11.12 , as applicable, to release or confirm the release of any Loan Party from its obligations hereunder, under the Facility Guaranty, and each other applicable Loan Document if such Person ceases to be a Subsidiary or becomes an Immaterial Subsidiary as a result of a transaction permitted hereunder. 
 Upon request by any Agent at any time, the applicable Lenders will confirm in writing such Agent s authority to release or subordinate its interest in particular types or items of property, or to release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Facility Guaranty and each other applicable Loan Document pursuant to this Section 9.10 . In each case as specified in this Section 9.10 , the Agents will, at the Loan Parties expense, execute and deliver to the applicable Loan Party such documents as such Loan Party may reasonably request to evidence the release of such item of Collateral from the assignment and security interest granted under the Security Documents or to subordinate its interest in such item, or to release such Guarantor from its obligations under the Facility Guaranty and each other applicable Loan Document, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents and this Section 9.10. 
 No Agent shall be responsible for or have a duty to ascertain or inquire into any representation or warranty regarding the existence, value or collectability of the Collateral, the existence, priority or perfection of the Collateral Agent s Lien thereon, or any certificate prepared by any Loan Party in connection therewith, nor shall any Agent be responsible or liable to the Lenders for any failure to monitor or maintain any portion of the Collateral. 
 9.11 Notice of Transfer . The Agents may deem and treat a Lender party to this Agreement as the owner of such Lender s portion of the Secured Obligations for all purposes, unless and until, and except to the extent, an Assignment and Acceptance Assumption shall have become effective as set forth in Section 10.06 . 
 9.12 Reports and Financial Statements . By signing this Agreement, each Lender 
 (a) reserved 
 (b) is deemed to have requested that the Administrative Agent furnish such Lender, promptly after they become available, copies of all financial statements required to be delivered by the Borrower hereunder 
 (c) expressly agrees and acknowledges that the Administrative Agent makes no representation or warranty as to the accuracy of the financial statements, and shall not be liable for any information contained in any financial statement 
 69 

(d) reserved and 
 (e) agrees to keep all financial statements confidential in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.07 hereof. 
 9.13 Agency for Perfection . Each Lender hereby appoints each other Lender as agent for the purpose of perfecting Liens for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders, in assets which, in accordance with Article 9 of the UCC or any other applicable Law of the United States can be perfected only by possession. Should any Lender (other than the Agents) obtain possession of any such Collateral, such Lender shall notify the Agents thereof, and, promptly upon the Collateral Agent s request therefor shall deliver such Collateral to the Collateral Agent or otherwise deal with such Collateral in accordance with the Collateral Agent s instructions. 
 9.14 Indemnification of Agents . The Lenders shall indemnify the Agents (and any sub-agent thereof), and each Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the Agents (or any sub-agent thereof) (each such Person being called an Agent Indemnitee (to the extent not reimbursed by the Loan Parties and without limiting the obligations of the Loan Parties hereunder), ratably according to their Applicable Percentages, against, and hold each Agent Indemnitee harmless (on an after tax basis) from, any and all losses, claims, causes of action, damages, liabilities, settlement payments, costs, and related expenses (including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Agent Indemnitee), incurred by any Agent Indemnitee or asserted against any Agent Indemnitee by any third party or by any Lender, the Borrower or any other Loan Party arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (ii) any Loan or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom, (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, (iv) any claims of, or amounts paid by any Credit Party to, a Blocked Account Bank or securities intermediary or other Person which has entered into a control agreement with any Credit Party hereunder, or (v) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by any Lender, Borrower or any other Loan Party or any of the Loan Parties directors, shareholders or creditors, and regardless of whether any Agent Indemnitee is a party thereto, in all cases, whether or not caused by or arising, in whole or in part, out of the comparative, contributory or sole negligence of the Agent Indemnitee provided , that such indemnity shall not, as to any Agent Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of such Agent Indemnitee. The obligations of the Lenders under this Section 9.14 are subject to the provisions of Section 2.12(d) . 
 9.15 Relation among Lenders . The Lenders are not partners or co-venturers, and no Lender shall be liable for the acts or omissions of, or (except as otherwise set forth herein in case of the Agents) authorized to act for, any other Lender. 
 9.16 Intentionally Omitted . 
 9.17 Certain ERISA Matters . 
 (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true 
 (i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lender s entrance into, 
 70 

participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments or this Agreement, 
 
 (ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, 
 
 (iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 
 
 (iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 
 
 (b) In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that the Administrative Agent is not a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). 

ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS 
 10.01 Amendments, Etc . No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and no Consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Required Lenders (or the Administrative Agent, with the Consent of the Required Lenders), and the Borrower or the applicable Loan Party, as the case may be, and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent, and each such waiver or Consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given provided , however , that no such amendment, waiver or consent shall 
 (a) waive any condition set forth in Section 4.01 without the written Consent of each Lender 
 (b) reserved 
 (c) postpone any date fixed by this Agreement or any other Loan Document for any payment or mandatory prepayment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts due to the Lenders (or any 
 71 

of them) hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents without the written Consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby 
 (d) reduce the principal of, or the rate of interest specified herein on, any Loan, or (subject to clause (iv) of the second proviso to this Section 10.01 any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document, without the written Consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby provided , however , that only the Consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary to amend the definition of Default Rate or to waive any obligation of the Borrower to pay interest in respect of Loans at the Default Rate 
 (e) change Section 2.05(a) Section 2.05(b) , Section 2.05(c) , Section 2.13 or Section 8.03 in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing or order of application of payments required thereby without the written Consent of each Lender 
 (f) change any provision of this Section 10.01 or the definition of Required Lenders , or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to amend, waive or otherwise modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the written Consent of each Lender that is included in such definition or subject to such provision 
 (g) except as expressly permitted hereunder or under any other Loan Document, as of the Closing Date, release, or limit the liability or obligations of, any Loan Party release all or substantially all of the Guarantors from their respective obligations under the Facility Guaranty (except as otherwise permitted herein or in the other Loan Documents as in effect on the First Amendment Effective Date), without the written Consent of each Lender 
 (h) except for Permitted Dispositions and as otherwise expressly permitted in Section 9.10 , as of the Closing in effect on the First Amendment Effective Date, release all or substantially all of the Collateral from the Liens of the Security Documents without the written Consent of each Lender 
 (i) reserved 
 (j) reserved 
 (k) reserved or 
 (l) except as otherwise expressly permitted herein or in any other Loan Document , as of the Closing Date in effect on the First Amendment Effecitve Date, subordinate, the Obligations hereunder to any other Indebtedness, and, except as otherwise expressly permitted herein or in any other Loan Document, subordinate the Liens granted hereunder or under the other Loan Documents to any other Lien without the written Consent of each Lender 
 and, provided , further , that (i) no amendment, waiver or Consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (ii) no amendment, waiver or Consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Collateral Agent in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Collateral Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Credit Party that is not a Lender or Agent under this Agreement shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or Consent hereunder. 
 If any Lender does not Consent (a Non-Consenting Lender to a proposed amendment, waiver, consent or release with respect to any Loan Document that requires the Consent of each Lender and that has been approved by the Required Lenders, the Borrower may replace such Non-Consenting Lender in accordance with Section 10.13 provided , that such amendment, waiver, consent or release can be effected as a result of the assignment contemplated by such Section (together with all other such assignments required by the Borrower to be made pursuant to this paragraph). 
 72 

10.02 Notices Effectiveness Electronic Communications . 
 (a) Notices Generally . Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as provided in subsection (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopier, or electronic communication (subject to clause (b) below) as follows, and all notices and other communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows 
 (i) if to the Loan Parties or the Agents, to the address, telecopier number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified for such Person on Schedule 10.02 and 
 (ii) if to any other Lender, to the address, telecopier number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified in its Administrative Questionnaire (including, as appropriate, notices delivered solely to the Person designated by a Lender on its Administrative Questionnaire then in effect for the delivery of notices that may contain material non-public information relating to the Borrower). 
 Notices and other communications sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received notices and other communications sent by telecopier shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient). Notices and other communications delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in subsection (b) below shall be effective as provided in such subsection (b). 
 (b) Electronic Communications . Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail, FpML messaging, and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent, provided , that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender pursuant to Article II if such Lender has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article II by electronic communication. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it, provided , that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgment from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgment), provided , that if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient, and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor provided , that for both clauses (i) and (ii), if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice, email or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient. 
 (c) The Platform . THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall the 
 73 

Agents or any of their Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties have any liability to any Loan Party, any Lender or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Loan Parties or the Administrative Agent s transmission of Borrower Materials or notices through the Platform, any other electronic platform or electronic messaging service, or through the Internet, except to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence, willful misconduct or breach in bad faith of such Agent Party provided , however , that in no event shall any Agent Party have any liability to any Loan Party, any Lender or any other Person for indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages). 
 (d) Change of Address, Etc . Each of the Loan Parties and the Agents may change its address, telecopier or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. Each other Lender may change its address, telecopier or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the Borrower and the Agents. In addition, each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent from time to time to ensure that the Administrative Agent has on record (i) an effective address, contact name, telephone number, telecopier number and electronic mail address to which notices and other communications may be sent and (ii) accurate wire instructions for such Lender. Furthermore, each Public Lender agrees to cause at least one individual at or on behalf of such Public Lender to at all times have selected the Private Side Information or similar designation on the content declaration screen of the Platform in order to enable such Public Lender or its delegate, in accordance with such Public Lender s compliance procedures and applicable Law, including United States Federal and state securities Laws, to make reference to Borrower Materials that are not made available through the Public Side Information portion of the Platform and that may contain material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States Federal or state securities laws. 
 (e) Reliance by Agents and Lenders . The Agents and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices purportedly given by or on behalf of the Loan Parties even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. The Loan Parties shall indemnify the Agents, each Lender and the Related Parties of each of them from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of the Loan Parties, except to the extent resulting from the gross negligence, willful misconduct or breach in bad faith of such Person as determined by a final and nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with the Agents may be recorded by the Agents, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording. 
 10.03 No Waiver Cumulative Remedies . No failure by any Credit Party to exercise, and no delay by any such Person in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided herein and in the other Loan Documents are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the authority to enforce rights and remedies hereunder and under the other Loan Documents against the Loan Parties or any of them shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at law in connection with such enforcement shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 8.02 and the Collateral Agent in accordance with , as applicable, Section 8.02, the Security Agreement and the other Loan Documents for the benefit of all the Lenders Credit Parties provided , however , that the foregoing shall not prohibit (a) each of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent from exercising on its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (b) any Lender from exercising setoff rights in accordance with Section 10.08 (subject to the terms of Section 2.13 ), or (c) any Lender from filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing pleadings on 
 74 

its own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding relative to any Loan Party under any Debtor Relief Law and provided , further , that if at any time there is no Person acting as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, then (i) the Required Lenders shall have the rights otherwise ascribed to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as the case may be, pursuant to Section 8.02 , the Security Agreement or the other Loan Documents and (ii) in addition to the matters set forth in clauses (b), (c) and (d) of the preceding proviso and subject to Section 2.14 , any Lender may, with the consent of the Required Lenders, enforce any rights and remedies available to it and as authorized by the Required Lenders. 
 10.04 Expenses Indemnity Damage Waiver . 
 (a) Costs and Expenses . The Borrower shall pay all Credit Party Expenses. 
 (b) Indemnification by the Loan Parties . The Loan Parties shall indemnify the Agents (and any sub-agent thereof), each other Credit Party, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless (on an after tax basis) from, any and all losses, claims, causes of action, damages, liabilities, settlement payments, costs, and related expenses (including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of one primary counsel to the Administrative Agent, one primary counsel to the other Indemnitees taken as a whole, and if necessary, one local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction, one specialty counsel for each relevant specialty and one or more additional counsel if one or more conflicts of interest, or perceived conflicts of interest, arise (which shall be limited to one counsel for each group of similar affected Indemnitees)), incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any third party or by the Borrower or any other Loan Party arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or, in the case of the Agents (and any sub-agents thereof) and their Related Parties only, the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (ii) any Loan or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom, (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, (iv) any claims of, or amounts paid by any Credit Party to, a Blocked Account Bank or securities intermediary or other Person which has entered into a control agreement with any Credit Party hereunder, or (v) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by the Borrower or any other Loan Party or any of the Loan Parties directors, shareholders or creditors, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto, IN ALL CASES, WHETHER OR NOT CAUSED BY OR ARISING, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, OUT OF THE COMPARATIVE, CONTRIBUTORY OR SOLE NEGLIGENCE OF THE INDEMNITEE provided , that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from either (A) the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or breach in bad faith by such Indemnitee of its obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or (B) a dispute solely among Indemnitees (other than any claims against any Indemnitee in its capacity as the Administrative Agent or any similar role under the Loan Documents) and not arising out of any act or omission of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates. Without limitation of Section 3.01(c), this Section 10.04(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims or damages arising from any non-Tax claim. 
 (c) Reimbursement by Lenders . Without limiting the Lenders obligations under Section 9.14 , hereof, to the extent that the Loan Parties for any reason fail to indefeasibly pay any amount required under subsection (a) or (b) of this Section 10.04 to be paid by it to any Agent (or any sub-agent thereof), or any Related Party of any of the foregoing, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lender s Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount, provided , that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Agents (or any such sub-agent) in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party acting for the Agents 
 75 

(or any such sub-agent) in connection with such capacity. The obligations of the Lenders under this subsection (c) are subject to the provisions of Section 2.12(d) . 
 (d) Waiver of Consequential Damages, Etc. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, the Loan Parties shall not assert, and hereby waive, any claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or the use of the proceeds thereof. No Indemnitee shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed to such unintended recipients by such Indemnitee through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby other than for direct or actual damages resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct or breach in bad faith of such Indemnitee as determined by a final and nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. 
 (e) Payments . All amounts due under this Section 10.04 shall be payable no later than three (3) Business Days after demand therefor. 
 (f) Survival . The agreements in this Section 10.04 shall survive the resignation of any Agent, the assignment of any Loan by any Lender, the replacement of any Lender, and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations. 
 10.05 Payments Set Aside . To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Loan Parties is made to any Credit Party, or any Credit Party exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by such Credit Party in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Agents upon demand its pro rata share of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the Agents, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. The obligations of the Lenders under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 
 10.06 Successors and Assigns . 
 (a) Successors and Assigns Generally . The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that no Loan Party may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the prior written Consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an Eligible Assignee in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.06(b) , (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of subsection Section 10.06(d) , or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of Section 10.06(e) (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in subsection (d) of this Section 10.06 and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Credit Parties) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 (b) Assignments by Lenders . Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of the Loans at the time owing to it provided , that any such assignment shall be subject to the following conditions 
 76 

(i) Minimum Amounts . 
 (A) in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Loans at the time owing to it or in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender, no minimum amount need be assigned and 
 (B) in any case not described in subsection (b)(i)(A) of this Section, the principal outstanding balance of the Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment, determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if Trade Date is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date, shall not be less than 1,000,000 unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) provided , however , that the Borrower shall in all events be notified of an assignment (regardless of whether a Default or an Event of Default has occurred). 
 (ii) Proportionate Amounts . Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Loans assigned 
 (iii) Required Consents . No consent to an assignment by a Lender shall be required for any assignment except to the extent required by subsection (b)(i)(B) and (b)(i)(C) of this Section and, in addition, the consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required unless (1) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment or (2) such assignment is to a Lender or of an Affiliate of a Lender provided , however , that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented if it has not responded within five (5) Business Days following any written request for such consent given pursuant to Section 10.02. 
 (iv) Assignment and Assumption . The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of 3,500, provided , however , that the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment. The assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire. 
 (v) No Assignment to Certain Persons . No such assignment shall be made (A) to the Borrower or any of the Borrower s Affiliates or Subsidiaries or (B) to a natural Person (or a holding company investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of a natural Person). 
 Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to subsection (c) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the Eligible Assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Section 3.01 , Section 3.04 , Section 3.05 , and Section 10.04 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment. Upon request, the Borrower (at its expense) shall execute and deliver a Note to the assignee Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this subsection shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with Section 10.06(d) . 
 77 

(c) Register . The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower (and such agency being solely for tax purposes), shall maintain at the Administrative Agent s Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it (or the equivalent thereof in electronic form) and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts (and stated interest) of the Loans owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, absent manifest error, and the Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower and any Lender at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
 (d) Participations . Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Loan Parties or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural person, or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of a natural person or the Loan Parties or any of the Loan Parties Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and or the Loans owing to it) provided , that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Loan Parties, the Agents and the Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any Participant shall agree in writing to comply with all confidentiality obligations set forth in Section 10.07 as if such Participant was a Lender hereunder. For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender shall be responsible for the indemnity under Section 10.04(c) without regard to the existence of any participation. 
 Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement provided , that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in the first proviso to Section 10.01 that affects such Participant. The Loan Parties agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 3.01 , Section 3.04 and Section 3.05 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to subsection (b) of this Section (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 3.01(e) shall be delivered to the Lender who sells the participation) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section provided , that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Section 3.06 and Section 10.13 as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 3.01 or Section 3.04 , with respect to any participation, than the Lender from whom it acquired the applicable participation would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrower s request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrower to effectuate the provisions of Section 3.06 with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 10.08 as though it were a Lender provided , that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.13 as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register provided , that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
 78 

Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 (e) Certain Pledges . Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including under its Note, if any) to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank, any central bank or any other funding source provided , that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
 (f) Electronic Execution of Assignments . The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in any Assignment and Assumption shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, provided , that notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary the Administrative Agent is under no obligation to agree to accept electronic signatures in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by the Administrative Agent pursuant to procedures approved by it. 
 10.07 Treatment of Certain Information Confidentiality . Each of the Credit Parties agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates and to its Related Parties (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent required or requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over it (including any Federal Reserve Bank, any central bank or any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by applicable Laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, provided , that if lawful and practicable to do so under the circumstances, the Borrower is given (with reasonable promptness) prior written notice of the request for production of such Information, except for Information provided to regulators in the ordinary course of bank regulatory oversight, (d) to any other party hereto, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to any Loan Party and its obligations, (g) on a confidential basis to (i) any rating agency in connection with rating the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or the credit facilities provided hereunder or (ii) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of CUSIP numbers or other market identifiers with respect to the credit facilities provided hereunder, (h) with the consent of the Borrower or (i) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (y) becomes available to any Credit Party or any of their respective Affiliates on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Loan Parties. In addition, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement and information about this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry and service providers to the Agents and the Lenders in connection with the administration of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and the Commitments. 
 For purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from the Loan Parties or any Subsidiary thereof relating to the Loan Parties or any Subsidiary thereof or their respective businesses, other than any such information that is available to any Credit Party on a non-confidential basis prior to disclosure by the Loan Parties or any Subsidiary thereof, provided , that in the case of information received from any Loan Party or any Subsidiary after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 
 79 

Each of the Credit Parties acknowledges that (a) the Information may include material non-public information concerning the Loan Parties or a Subsidiary, as the case may be, (b) it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of material non-public information and (c) it will handle such material non-public information in accordance with applicable Law, including Federal and state securities Laws. 
 10.08 Right of Setoff . If an Event of Default under clause (a) of Section 8.01 shall have occurred and be continuing or if any Lender shall have been served with a trustee process or similar attachment relating to property of a Loan Party, each Lender and each of its Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, after obtaining the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency, but excluding deposits in Excluded Accounts) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Lender or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower or any other Loan Party (other than obligations under the Merchandising Agreement) against any and all of the Secured Obligations now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Lender, regardless of the adequacy of the Collateral, and irrespective of whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations of the Borrower or such Loan Party may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch or office of such Lender different from the branch or office obligated on such indebtedness. The rights of each Lender and its Affiliates under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender or its Affiliates may have. Each Lender agrees to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application, provided, that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. 
 10.09 Interest Rate Limitation . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by applicable Law (the Maximum Rate ). If the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Borrower. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by the Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder. 
 10.10 Counterparts Integration Effectiveness Electronic Signatures . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01 , this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof that, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto. This Agreement, any Loan Document and any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice, certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to any Loan Document (each a Communication ), including Communications required to be in writing, may be in the form of an Electronic Record and may be executed using Electronic Signatures. Each of the Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lender other Credit Parties agrees that any Electronic Signature on or associated with any Communication shall be valid and binding on such Person to the same extent as a manual, original signature, and that any Communication entered into by Electronic Signature, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person enforceable against such in accordance with the terms thereof to the same extent as if a manually executed original signature was delivered. Any Communication may be executed in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both paper and electronic counterparts, but all such counterparts are one and the same Communication. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without 
 80 

limitation, use or acceptance of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format), or an electronically signed Communication converted into another format, for transmission, delivery and or retention. The Administrative Agent and each of the Secured other Credit Parties may, at its option, create one or more copies of any Communication in the form of an imaged Electronic Record Electronic Copy ), which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of the such Person s business, and destroy the original paper document. All Communications in the form of an Electronic Record, including an Electronic Copy, shall be considered an original for all purposes, and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Administrative no Agent is not under any obligation to accept an Electronic Signature in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by such Person pursuant to procedures approved by it provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (a) to the extent the Administrative any Agent has agreed to accept such Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent Agents and each of the Lenders shall be entitled to rely on any such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of any Loan Party and or Credit Party without further verification and (b) upon the request of the Administrative any Agent or any Lender, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by such manually executed (wet ink signature) counterpart. For purposes hereof, Electronic Record and Electronic Signature shall have the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by 15 USC 7006, as it may be amended from time to time. 
 The Administrative No Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into the sufficiency, validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Administrative Agent s Agents reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed .pdf or any other electronic means). The Administrative Agent Agents shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by acting upon, any Communication (which writing may be a fax, any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution or signed using an Electronic Signature) or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise authenticated (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set forth in the Loan Documents for being the maker thereof). 
 Each of the Loan Parties and each Credit Party hereby waives (i) any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement and or any other Loan Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement and or such other Loan Document, and (ii) waives any claim against the Administrative each Agent, each Credit Party and each Related Party for any liabilities arising solely from the Administrative any Agent s and or any Credit Party s reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures, including any liabilities arising as a result of the failure of the Loan Parties to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature. 
 
 10.11 Survival . All representations and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof. Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by the Credit Parties, regardless of any investigation made by any Credit Party or on their behalf and notwithstanding that any Credit Party may have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of the making of the Loans, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Loan or any other Secured Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding. Further, the provisions of Section 3.01 , Section 3.04 , Section 3.05 . and Section 10.04 and Article IX shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the repayment of the Obligations, the expiration or termination of the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof. In connection with the termination of this Agreement and the release and termination of the security interests in the Collateral, the Agents may require such indemnities and collateral security as they shall reasonably deem necessary or appropriate to protect the Credit Parties against (x) loss on account of credits previously applied to the Obligations that may subsequently be reversed or revoked, and (y) any obligations that may thereafter arise with respect to or under Section 10.04 hereof. 
 10.12 Severability . If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining 
 81 

provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 10.13 Replacement of Lenders . If the Borrower is entitled to replace a Lender pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.06 , or if any Lender is a Non-Consenting Lender, or if any other circumstance exists hereunder that expressly gives the Borrower the right to replace a Lender as a party hereto, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 10.06 ), all of its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Section 3.01 and Section 3.04 and obligations under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment), provided , that 
 (a) the Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the assignment fee specified in Section 10.06(b) 
 (b) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including any amounts under Section 3.05 from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts)) 
 (c) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 3.04 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 3.01 , such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter 
 (d) such assignment does not conflict with applicable Laws and 
 (e) in the case of an assignment resulting from a Lender becoming a Non-Consenting Lender, the applicable assignee shall have consented to the applicable amendment, waiver or consent. 
 A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 
 10.14 Governing Law Jurisdiction Etc . 
 (a) GOVERNING LAW . THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (EXCEPT FOR THE CONFLICT OF LAWS RULES THEREOF, BUT INCLUDING GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402). 
 (b) SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION . EACH LOAN PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY, TO THE NONEXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, OR FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT, AND EACH LOAN PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH LOAN PARTY AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE 
 82 

JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT ANY CREDIT PARTY MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST ANY LOAN PARTY OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION. 
 (c) WAIVER OF VENUE . EACH LOAN PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN SECTION 10.14(b) . EACH LOAN PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT. 
 (d) SERVICE OF PROCESS . EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN SECTION 10.02 . NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. 
 (e) ACTIONS COMMENCED BY LOAN PARTIES . EACH LOAN PARTY AGREES THAT ANY ACTION COMMENCED BY ANY LOAN PARTY ASSERTING ANY CLAIM OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL BE BROUGHT SOLELY IN A COURT OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY OR THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK AS THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT MAY ELECT IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION AND CONSENTS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUCH ACTION. 
 10.15 Waiver of Jury Trial . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 10.15 . 
 10.16 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility . In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby, the Loan Parties each acknowledge and agree that (i) the credit facility provided for hereunder and any related arranging or other services in connection therewith (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document) are an arm s-length commercial transaction between the Loan Parties, on the one hand, and the Credit Parties, on the other hand, and each of the Loan Parties is capable of evaluating and understanding and understands and accepts the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents (including any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or thereof) (ii) in connection with the process leading to such transaction, except as otherwise agreed by the Borrower and any Credit Party in writing, each Credit Party is and has been acting solely as a principal and is not the financial advisor, agent or fiduciary, for the Loan Parties or any of their respective Affiliates, stockholders, creditors or employees or any other Person (iii) unless otherwise agreed by the Borrower and any Credit Party in writing, none of the Credit Parties has assumed or will assume an advisory responsibility in favor of the Loan Parties with respect to any of the transactions contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto, including with respect to any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document (irrespective of whether any of the Credit Parties has 
 83 

advised or is currently advising any Loan Party or any of its Affiliates on other matters) and none of the Credit Parties has any obligation to any Loan Party or any of its Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents (iv) no Credit Party has assumed or will assume an agency responsibility (except as may otherwise be agreed in writing by the Borrower and any Credit Party) or fiduciary responsibility in any Loan Party s or its Affiliates favor with respect to any of the transactions contemplated hereby (including with respect to any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document) or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether any Credit Party has advised or is currently advising you or your affiliates on other matters) (v) the Credit Parties and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates, and none of the Credit Parties has any obligation to disclose any of such interests by virtue of any advisory, agency or fiduciary relationship and (vi) the Credit Parties have not provided and will not provide any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to any of the transactions contemplated hereby (including any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document) and each of the Loan Parties has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate. Each of the Loan Parties hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that it may have against each of the Credit Parties with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency (except for any agency responsibilities otherwise agreed by the Borrower and any Credit Party in writing) or fiduciary duty. 
 10.17 USA PATRIOT Act Notice . Each Lender that is subject to the Patriot Act and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the Loan Parties that pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of each Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify each Loan Party in accordance with the Patriot Act. Each Loan Party shall, promptly following a request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, provide all documentation and other information that the Administrative Agent or such Lender reasonably requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Act. 
 10.18 Foreign Assets Control Regulations . Neither of the advance of the Loans nor the use of the proceeds of any thereof will violate the Trading With the Enemy Act (50 U.S.C. 1 et seq., as amended) (the Trading With the Enemy Act or any of the foreign assets control regulations of the United States Treasury Department (31 CFR, Subtitle B, Chapter V, as amended) (the Foreign Assets Control Regulations or any enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto (which for the avoidance of doubt shall include, but shall not be limited to (a) Executive Order 13224 of September 21, 2001 Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions With Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism (66 Fed. Reg. 49079 (2001)) (the Executive Order and (b) the Patriot Act. Furthermore, none of the Borrower or its Affiliates (a) is or will become a blocked person as described in the Executive Order, the Trading With the Enemy Act or the Foreign Assets Control Regulations or (b) engages or will engage in any dealings or transactions, or be otherwise associated, with any such blocked person or in any manner violative of any such order. 
 10.19 Time of the Essence . Time is of the essence of the Loan Documents. 
 10.20 Press Releases . Subject to prior notification and consent by the Borrower (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld) to the form of advertising materials to be used from time to time, the Administrative Agent and any Lender shall be permitted to use a Loan Party s name, product photographs, logo or trademark in any advertising material relating to the financing transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Administrative Agent or such Lender shall provide a draft of any advertising material to the Borrower for review and comment reasonably prior to the initial publication thereof. The Administrative Agent reserves the right to provide to industry trade organizations information necessary and customary for inclusion in league table measurements. 
 84 

10.21 Additional Waivers Keepwell . 
 (a) The Secured Obligations are the joint and several obligation of each Loan Party. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, the Secured Obligations of each Loan Party shall not be affected by (i) the failure of any Credit Party to assert any claim or demand or to enforce or exercise any right or remedy against any other Loan Party under the provisions of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or otherwise, (ii) any rescission, waiver, amendment or modification of, or any release from any of the terms or provisions of, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or (iii) the failure to perfect any security interest in, or the release of, any of the Collateral or other security held by or on behalf of the Collateral Agent or any other Credit Party. 
 (b) The obligations of each Loan Party shall not be subject to any reduction, limitation, impairment or termination for any reason (other than the indefeasible payment in full in cash of the Secured Obligations after the termination of the Commitments), including any claim of waiver, release, surrender, alteration or compromise of any of the Secured Obligations, and shall not be subject to any defense or setoff, counterclaim, recoupment or termination whatsoever by reason of the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of any of the Secured Obligations or otherwise. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the obligations of each Loan Party hereunder shall not be discharged or impaired or otherwise affected by the failure of any Agent or any other Credit Party to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any remedy under this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, by any waiver or modification of any provision of any thereof, any default, failure or delay, willful or otherwise, in the performance of any of the Secured Obligations, or by any other act or omission that may or might in any manner or to any extent vary the risk of any Loan Party or that would otherwise operate as a discharge of any Loan Party as a matter of law or equity (other than the indefeasible payment in full in cash of all the Secured Obligations after the termination of the Commitments). 
 (c) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, each Loan Party waives any defense based on or arising out of any defense of any other Loan Party or the unenforceability of the Secured Obligations or any part thereof from any cause, or the cessation from any cause of the liability of any other Loan Party, other than the indefeasible payment in full in cash of all the Secured Obligations and the termination of the Commitments. The Collateral Agent and the other Credit Parties may, at their election, foreclose on any security held by one or more of them by one or more judicial or non-judicial sales, accept an assignment of any such security in lieu of foreclosure, compromise or adjust any part of the Secured Obligations, make any other accommodation with any other Loan Party, or exercise any other right or remedy available to them against any other Loan Party, without affecting or impairing in any way the liability of any Loan Party hereunder except to the extent that all the Secured Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full in cash and the Commitments have been terminated. Each Loan Party waives any defense arising out of any such election even though such election operates, pursuant to applicable Law, to impair or to extinguish any right of reimbursement or subrogation or other right or remedy of such Loan Party against any other Loan Party, as the case may be, or any security. 
 (d) Upon payment by any Loan Party of any Secured Obligations, all rights of such Loan Party against any other Loan Party arising as a result thereof by way of right of subrogation, contribution, reimbursement, indemnity or otherwise shall in all respects be subordinate and junior in right of payment to the prior indefeasible payment in full in cash of all the Secured Obligations and the termination of the Commitments. In addition, any indebtedness of any Loan Party now or hereafter held by any other Loan Party is hereby subordinated in right of payment to the prior indefeasible payment in full of the Secured Obligations and no Loan Party will demand, sue for or otherwise attempt to collect any such indebtedness. If any amount shall erroneously be paid to any Loan Party on account of (i) such subrogation, contribution, reimbursement, indemnity or similar right or (ii) any such indebtedness of any Loan Party, such amount shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Credit Parties and shall forthwith be paid to the Administrative Agent to be credited against the payment of the Secured Obligations, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 (e) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, or of any other waiver or other provision set forth in this Agreement, each Loan Party hereby absolutely, knowingly, unconditionally, 
 85 

and expressly waives any and all claim, defense or benefit arising directly or indirectly under any one or more of Sections 2787 to 2855 inclusive of the California Civil Code or any similar law of California. 
 (f) Each Loan Party that is a Qualified ECP Guarantor at the time the Guarantee or the grant of the security interest under the Loan Documents, in each case, by any Specified Loan Party, becomes effective with respect to any Swap Obligation, hereby jointly and severally, absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes to provide such funds or other support to each Specified Loan Party with respect to such Swap Obligation as may be needed by such Specified Loan Party from time to time to honor all of its obligations under its Guarantee and the other Loan Documents in respect of such Swap Obligation (but, in each case, only up to the maximum amount of such liability that can be hereby incurred without rendering such Qualified ECP Guarantor s obligations and undertakings under this Section 10.21(f) voidable under applicable law relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer, and not for any greater amount). The obligations and undertakings of each Qualified ECP Guarantor under this Section shall remain in full force and effect until the Obligations have been indefeasibly paid and performed in full. Each Qualified ECP Guarantor intends this Section to constitute, and this Section shall be deemed to constitute, a guarantee of the obligations of, and a keepwell, support, or other agreement for the benefit of, each Specified Loan Party for all purposes of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 Qualified ECP Guarantor shall mean, at any time, each Loan Party with total assets exceeding 10,000,000 or that qualifies at such time as an eligible contract participant under the Commodity Exchange Act and can cause another person to qualify as an eligible contract participant at such time under 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 Specified Loan Party means any Loan Party that is not an eligible contract participant under the Commodity Exchange Act (determined prior to giving effect to Section 10.21(f) . 
 10.22 No Strict Construction . The parties hereto have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. In the event an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties hereto and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any provisions of this Agreement. 
 10.23 Attachments . The exhibits, schedules and annexes attached to this Agreement are incorporated herein and shall be considered a part of this Agreement for the purposes stated herein, except that in the event of any conflict between any of the provisions of such exhibits and the provisions of this Agreement, the provisions of this Agreement shall prevail. 
 10.24 Copies and Facsimiles . This Agreement and all other documents (including, without limitation, the Loan Documents) which have been or may be hereinafter furnished by any Loan Party to any Agent or any Lender may be reproduced by such Agent or such Lender by any photographic, microfilm, xerographic, digital imaging, or other process. Any such reproduction shall be admissible in evidence as the original itself in any judicial or administrative proceeding (whether or not the original is in existence and whether or not such reproduction was made in the regular course of business). Any facsimile which bears proof of transmission shall be binding on the party which or on whose behalf such transmission was initiated and likewise so admissible in evidence as if the original of such facsimile had been delivered to the party which or on whose behalf such transmission was received. 
 10.25 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions . Solely to the extent any Lender that is an EEA Financial Institution is a party to this Agreement and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Lender that is an EEA Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of an EEA Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by 
 86 

(a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an EEA Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any Lender that is an EEA Financial Institution and 
 (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable 
 (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability 
 (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such EEA Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or 
 (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of any EEA Resolution Authority. 
 10.26 Intercreditor Agreement . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Liens and other security interests granted to the Collateral Agent pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement, the terms of any Security Document, and the exercise of any right or remedy by the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent hereunder or thereunder are subject to the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement. In the event of any conflict between the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement and this Agreement, the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement shall control . 
 
 ARTICLE XI GUARANTY 
 11.01 Guaranty . Each Guarantor hereby agrees that it is jointly and severally liable for, and, as primary obligor and not merely as surety, and absolutely and unconditionally guarantees to the Lenders the prompt payment when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, and at all times thereafter, of the Secured Obligations (collectively the Guaranteed Obligations ). Each Guarantor further agrees that the Guaranteed Obligations may be extended or renewed in whole or in part without notice to or further assent from it, and that it remains bound upon its guarantee notwithstanding any such extension or renewal. 
 11.02 Guaranty of Payment . This Facility Guaranty is a guaranty of payment and not of collection. Each Guarantor waives any right to require any Agent or any Lender to sue the Borrower, any Guarantor, any other guarantor, or any other Person obligated for all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations (each, an Obligated Party ), or otherwise to enforce its payment against any collateral securing all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations. 
 11.03 
 11.03 No Discharge or Diminishment of Facility Guaranty . 
 (a) Except as otherwise provided for herein, the obligations of each Guarantor hereunder are unconditional and absolute and not subject to any reduction, limitation, impairment or termination for any reason (other than the Guaranteed Obligations being Fully Satisfied), including (i) any claim of waiver, release, extension, renewal, settlement, surrender, alteration, or compromise of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, by operation of law or otherwise (ii) any change in the corporate existence, structure or ownership of the Borrower or any other guarantor of or other Person liable for any of the Guaranteed Obligations (iii) any insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization or other similar proceeding affecting any Obligated Party, or their assets or any resulting release or discharge of any obligation of any Obligated Party or (iv) the existence of any claim, setoff or other rights which any Guarantor may have at any time against any Obligated Party, any Agent, any Lender, or any other Person, whether in connection herewith or in any unrelated transactions. 
 87 

(b) The obligations of each Guarantor hereunder are not subject to any defense or setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, or termination whatsoever by reason of the invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or otherwise, or any provision of applicable law or Regulation purporting to prohibit payment by any Obligated Party, of the Guaranteed Obligations or any part thereof. 
 Further, the obligations of any Guarantor hereunder are not discharged or impaired or otherwise affected by (i) the failure of any Agent or any Lender to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any remedy with respect to all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations (ii) any waiver or modification of or supplement to any provision of any agreement relating to the Guaranteed Obligations (iii) any release, non-perfection, or invalidity of any indirect or direct security for the obligations of the Borrower for all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations or any obligations of any other guarantor of or other Person liable for any of the Guaranteed Obligations (iv) any action or failure to act by any Agent or any Lender with respect to any collateral securing any part of the Guaranteed Obligations or (v) any default, failure or delay, willful or otherwise, in the payment or performance of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, or any other circumstance, act, omission or delay that might in any manner or to any extent vary the risk of such Guarantor or that would otherwise operate as a discharge of any Guarantor as a matter of law or equity (other than the Secured Obligations being Fully Satisfied). 
 11.04 Defenses Waived . To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each Guarantor hereby waives any defense based on or arising out of any defense of the Borrower or any Guarantor or the unenforceability of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations from any cause, or the cessation from any cause of the liability of the Borrower or any Guarantor, other than the Guaranteed Obligations being Fully Satisfied. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Guarantor irrevocably waives acceptance hereof, presentment, demand, protest and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any notice not provided for herein, as well as any requirement that at any time any action be taken by any Person against any Obligated Party, or any other Person. The Agent may, at its election, foreclose on any Collateral held by it by one or more judicial or nonjudicial sales, accept an assignment of any such Collateral in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise act or fail to act with respect to any collateral securing all or a part of the Guaranteed Obligations, compromise or adjust any part of the Guaranteed Obligations, make any other accommodation with any Obligated Party or exercise any other right or remedy available to it against any Obligated Party, without affecting or impairing in any way the liability of such Guarantor under this Facility Guaranty except to the extent the Guaranteed Obligations have been fully and indefeasibly paid in cash. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each Guarantor waives any defense arising out of any such election even though that election may operate, pursuant to applicable law, to impair or extinguish any right of reimbursement or subrogation or other right or remedy of any Guarantor against any Obligated Party or any security. 
 11.05 Rights of Subrogation . No Guarantor will assert any right, claim or cause of action, including, without limitation, a claim of subrogation, contribution or indemnification that it has against any Obligated Party, or any collateral, until the Loan Parties and the Guarantors have fully performed all their obligations to the Agents and the Lenders. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Facility Guaranty or any other Loan Document, no Guarantor may exercise any rights of subrogation, contribution, indemnity, reimbursement or other similar rights against, and may not proceed to seek recourse against or with respect to any property or asset of, any other Guarantor (any such Guarantor, a Foreclosed Guarantor or any Subsidiary of any Foreclosed Guarantor, including after the Termination Date, if all or any portion of the Guaranteed Obligations have been satisfied in connection with an exercise of remedies in respect of the Equity Interests of any such Foreclosed Guarantor which Equity Interests constitute Collateral, whether pursuant to the Loan Documents or otherwise. 
 11.06 Reinstatement Stay of Acceleration . If at any time any payment of any portion of the Guaranteed Obligations is rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, or reorganization of the Borrower or otherwise, each Guarantor s obligations under this Facility Guaranty with respect to that payment shall be reinstated at such time as though the payment had not been made. If acceleration of the time for payment of any of the Guaranteed Obligations is stayed upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of the Borrower, all such amounts otherwise subject to acceleration under the terms of any agreement relating to the Guaranteed Obligations shall nonetheless be payable by the Guarantors forthwith on demand by the Lender. 
 88 

11.07 Information . Each Guarantor assumes all responsibility for being and keeping itself informed of each Borrower s financial condition and assets, and of all other circumstances bearing upon the risk of nonpayment of the Guaranteed Obligations and the nature, scope and extent of the risks that each Guarantor assumes and incurs under this Facility Guaranty, and agrees that none of the Agents or any Lender shall have any duty to advise any Guarantor of information known to it regarding those circumstances or risks. 
 11.08 Intentionally Omitted. 
 11.09 Maximum Liability . The provisions of this Facility Guaranty are severable, and in any action or proceeding involving any state corporate law, or any state, Federal or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other law affecting the rights of creditors generally, if the obligations of any Guarantor under this Facility Guaranty would otherwise be held or determined to be avoidable, invalid or unenforceable on account of the amount of such Guarantor s liability under this Facility Guaranty, then, notwithstanding any other provision of this Facility Guaranty to the contrary, the amount of such liability shall, without any further action by the Guarantors or the Lenders, be automatically limited and reduced to the highest amount that is valid and enforceable as determined in such action or proceeding (such highest amount determined hereunder being the relevant Guarantor s Maximum Liability ). This Section 11.09 with respect to the Maximum Liability of each Guarantor is intended solely to preserve the rights of the Lenders to the maximum extent not subject to avoidance under applicable law, and no Guarantor nor any other Person or entity shall have any right or claim under this Section with respect to such Maximum Liability, except to the extent necessary so that the obligations of any Guarantor hereunder shall not be rendered voidable under applicable law. Each Guarantor agrees that the Guaranteed Obligations may at any time and from time to time exceed the Maximum Liability of each Guarantor without impairing this Facility Guaranty or affecting the rights and remedies of the Lenders hereunder, provided , that nothing in this sentence shall be construed to increase any Guarantor s obligations hereunder beyond its Maximum Liability. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing contained in this Agreement (including any provisions of this Article XI to the contrary) shall limit the liability of the Borrower in respect of all of the Secured Obligations. 
 11.10 Contribution . In the event any Guarantor (a Paying Guarantor shall make any payment or payments under this Facility Guaranty or shall suffer any loss as a result of any realization upon any collateral granted by it to secure its obligations under this Facility Guaranty, each other Guarantor (each a Non-Paying Guarantor shall contribute to such Paying Guarantor an amount equal to such Non-Paying Guarantor s Guarantor Percentage of such payment or payments made, or losses suffered, by such Paying Guarantor. For purposes of this Article XI , each Non-Paying Guarantor s Guarantor Percentage with respect to any such payment or loss by a Paying Guarantor shall be determined as of the date on which such payment or loss was made by reference to the ratio of (i) such Non-Paying Guarantor s Maximum Liability as of such date (without giving effect to any right to receive, or obligation to make, any contribution hereunder) or, if such Non-Paying Guarantor s Maximum Liability has not been determined, the aggregate amount of all monies received by such Non-Paying Guarantor from the Borrower after the date hereof (whether by loan, capital infusion or by other means) to (ii) the aggregate Maximum Liability of all Guarantors hereunder (including such Paying Guarantor) as of such date (without giving effect to any right to receive, or obligation to make, any contribution hereunder), or to the extent that a Maximum Liability has not been determined for any Guarantor, the aggregate amount of all monies received by such Guarantors from the Borrower after the date hereof (whether by loan, capital infusion or by other means). Nothing in this provision shall affect any Guarantor s several liability for the entire amount of the Guaranteed Obligations (up to such Guarantor s Maximum Liability). Each of the Guarantors covenants and agrees that its right to receive any contribution under this Facility Guaranty from a Non-Paying Guarantor shall be subordinate and junior in right of payment to the Guaranteed Obligations being Fully Satisfied. This provision is for the benefit of all of the Agents, the Lenders, the Borrower and the Guarantors and may be enforced by any one, or more, or all of them in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 11.11 Liability Cumulative . The liability of each Loan Party as a Guarantor under this Article XI is in addition to and shall be cumulative with all liabilities of each Loan Party to the Agents and the Lenders under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party or in respect of any obligations or liabilities of the other Loan Parties, without any limitation as to 
 89 

amount, unless the instrument or agreement evidencing or creating such other liability specifically provides to the contrary. 
 11.12 Release of Guarantors and Borrower . Notwithstanding anything in Section 10.01(g) to the contrary, but subject to the proviso in the definition of Guarantors , so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (i) a Guarantor that is a Subsidiary shall automatically be released from its obligations hereunder, its Facility Guaranty and each other applicable Loan Document upon the consummation of any transaction permitted hereunder as a result of which such Guarantor ceases to be a Subsidiary of the Borrower and (ii) if a Guarantor is or becomes an Immaterial Subsidiary, and such release would not result in any Immaterial Subsidiary being required pursuant to Section 6.12(d) to become a Loan Party hereunder (except to the extent that on and as of the date of such release, one or more other Immaterial Subsidiaries become Guarantors hereunder and the provisions of Section 6.12(d) are satisfied upon giving effect to all such additions and releases), such Guarantor shall be automatically released from its obligations hereunder, its Facility Guaranty and each other applicable Loan Document upon notification thereof from the Borrower to the Agent. In connection with any such release, the Agent shall execute and deliver to any Guarantor that is a Subsidiary, at such Guarantor s or the Borrower s expense, all documents that such Guarantor or the Borrower shall reasonably request to evidence termination or release. Any execution and delivery of documents pursuant to the preceding sentence of this Section 11.12 shall be without recourse to or warranty by the Agent. 
 11.13 Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions . Solely to the extent any Lender that is an Affected Financial Institution is a party to this Agreement and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Lender that is an Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by 
 (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any Lender that is an Affected Financial Institution and 
 (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable 
 (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability 
 (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or 
 (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 
 11.14 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs . To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for any Swap Contract or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support , and each such QFC, a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and or of the United States or any other state of the United States) 
 
 (a) In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported 
 90 

QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 
 (b) As used in this Section 11.14 , the following terms have the following meanings 
 BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 
 
 Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 
 
 QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 
 
 Signature pages follow 
 
 91 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-10.12>
 4
 bned-ex1012abl7thamendment.htm
 EX-10.12 ABL 7TH AMENDMENT

Document 
 Exhibit 10.12 
 
 EXECUTION VERSION 

SEVENTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

This SEVENTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT , dated as of May 24, 2023 (this Amendment ), is by and among Bank of America, N.A., in its capacity as administrative agent and collateral agent for the Lenders, pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement defined below (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ), the Lenders party hereto (which Lenders comprise all Lenders under the Existing Credit Agreement as of the date hereof), Barnes & Noble Education, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Lead Borrower ), the other borrowers party hereto (collectively with the Lead Borrower, the Borrowers and the other parties party hereto as Guarantors (collectively with the Borrowers, the Loan Parties ). References herein to a Lender shall be deemed to include each such Lender in its capacity as an LC Issuer and or the Swing Line Lender. 
 W I T N E S E T H 
 WHEREAS , the Administrative Agent, certain financial institutions from time to time party thereto as lenders (collectively, the Lenders and or as agents, the Borrowers and the Guarantors are parties to that certain Credit Agreement, dated August 3, 2015 (as amended by that certain First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of February 27, 2017, that certain Second Amendment, Waiver and Consent to Credit Agreement, dated as of March 1, 2019, that certain Third Amendment and Waiver to Credit Agreement and First Amendment to Security Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2021, that certain Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2022, that certain Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of June 7, 2022, that certain Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of March 8, 2023, and as further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or modified prior to the effectiveness of this Amendment, the Existing Credit Agreement capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Existing Credit Agreement, as modified by this Amendment (the Amended Credit Agreement ). 
 WHEREAS , the Borrowers have requested that the (a) Administrative Agent agree to release certain Availability Reserves maintained against the Borrowing Base and (b) Administrative Agent and the Lenders agree to make certain amendments to the Existing Credit Agreement, in each case, as more specifically set forth herein. 
 WHEREAS , the Administrative Agent and the Lenders are willing to (a) on a temporary basis, release certain Availability Reserves and (b) make certain amendments to the Existing Credit Agreement, all subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, as more specifically set forth herein. 
 NOW THEREFORE , in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual agreements and covenants contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 1. Availability Reserves . Without in any way limiting the ability of the Administrative Agent to impose, release or modify Reserves in it Permitted Discretion in accordance with the Amended Credit Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, including satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 3 of this Amendment, the Administrative Agent hereby agrees to reduce the aggregate outstanding amount of Availability Reserves, as in effect on the Seventh Amendment Effective Date, by an amount up to 8,000,000, subject to the concurrent funding of the Specified Payments. The parties hereto agree and acknowledge (a) that the reduction in the amount of applicable Availability Reserves is being made on a temporary and discretionary basis and, in the Permitted Discretion of the Administrative Agent, may be reinstated immediately (and in any event, not later than June 1, 2023 (or such later date as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion)) based upon the mathematical calculations of the amount of such Reserves in accordance with the methodology of calculation utilized prior to the Seventh Amendment Effective Date and (b) foregoing accommodation shall be effective only 

in this specific instance and for the specific purposes for which it is given, and shall not entitle the Loan Parties to any other or further or any similar accommodation in any other circumstances. 
 2. Amendments to Existing Credit Agreement . Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, including satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 3 of this Amendment, the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended as follows 
 (a) Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following new definitions to such Section in the appropriate alphabetical order 
 Financial Consultant has the meaning set forth in Section 6.20 . 
 Prior Week means, as of any date of determination, the immediately preceding week ended on a Friday and commencing on the prior Saturday. 
 Seventh Amendment means that certain Seventh Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of May 24, 2023, among the Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto. 
 Seventh Amendment Effective Date means the Seventh Amendment Effective Date as defined in the Seventh Amendment. 
 Specified Payments means payments made from time to time by or on behalf of the Lead Borrower, as disclosed to and approved (in its sole discretion) by the Administrative Agent, in an aggregate amount not to exceed 8,000,000 solely in respect of outstanding obligations disclosed to the Administrative Agent prior to the Seventh Amendment Effective Date. 
 (b) Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the definitions of Variance Covenant Trigger Event and Specified Event Advance Rate Reduction from such Section. 
 (c) Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended to amend and restate the following definitions, respectively, in their entirety as follows 
 Accounts Receivable Advance Rate means, with respect to the Borrowing Base, eighty-five percent (85.0 (the Initial Accounts Receivable Advance Rate ), provided that the Initial Accounts Receivable Advance Rate shall be immediately and automatically reduced by (i) 500 basis points on September 1, 2023 and (ii) 500 basis points on September 29, 2023 (which reduction in the Initial Accounts Receivable Advance Rate pursuant to this clause (ii) shall be in addition to any prior reduction thereof pursuant to the preceding clause (i)). 
 Applicable Margin means, (a) with respect to Credit Extensions under the Revolving Credit Facility, from and after the Seventh Amendment Effective Date (i) in the case of any Term SOFR Loan, 3.75 per annum and (ii) in the case of any Base Rate Loan, 2.75 per annum and (b) with respect to Credit Extensions under the FILO Facility (if any), the percentages per annum as may be agreed from time to time by the Borrowers and the Lenders providing such FILO Facility. 
 
 Appraisal Percentage means, with respect to the Borrowing Base, ninety percent (90.0 (the Initial Appraisal Percentage ), provided that the Initial Appraisal Percentage shall be immediately and automatically reduced by (i) 500 basis points on September 1, 2023 and (ii) 500 basis points on September 29, 2023 (which reduction in the Initial Appraisal Percentage pursuant to this clause (ii) shall be in addition to any prior reduction thereof pursuant to the preceding clause (i)). 
 
 Approved Budget Update means an update to the Approved Budget then in effect pursuant to Section 6.02(b) for the 13-week period commencing as of the Saturday of such week, which (i) shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, (ii) shall roll forward the most 
 2 

recent Approved Budget, which may re-forecast any prospective periods (it being understood that historical periods shall not be re-forecasted for purposes of the applicable Approved Budget Variance Report) (such forecasting to be prepared in good faith upon assumptions believed by the Lead Borrowers to be reasonable in light of circumstances and (iii) shall not be effective until approved by the Administrative Agent in its discretion. 
 
 Approved Budget Variance Report means a weekly report, prepared by the Lead Borrower (after consultation with the Borrower Consultant) and provided by the Lead Borrower to the Administrative Agent, and as certified by Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower as being true, correct and complete in all material respects (a) showing by line item Actual Cash Receipts, Actual Disbursement Amounts, Actual Inventory Receipts, and Actual Net Cash Flow, as applicable, as of the last day of the Prior Week or the Cumulative Four-Week Period then ended, noting therein all variances, on a line-item basis, from amounts set forth for such period in the Approved Budget for, as applicable, such Prior Week or Cumulative Four-Week Period, and shall include explanations for all material variances, together with back-up schedules and supporting information as reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent and (b) reflecting the variance percentages and amounts to determine compliance with Section 7.16 hereof, if applicable. The Approved Budget Variance Report shall be in a form, and shall contain supporting information, reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. Each Approved Budget Variance Report shall be accompanied by an accounts payable aging and account payable listing, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in is reasonable discretion. 
 
 Credit Card Receivables Advance Rate means, with respect the Borrowing Base, ninety percent (90.0 (the Initial Credit Card Receivables Advance Rate ), provided that the Initial Credit Card Receivables Advance Rate shall be immediately and automatically reduced by (i) 500 basis points on September 1, 2023 and (ii) 500 basis points on September 29, 2023 (which reduction in the Initial Credit Card Receivables Advance Rate pursuant to this clause (ii) shall be in addition to any prior reduction thereof pursuant to the preceding clause (i)). 
 
 Variance Testing Period means the period beginning on June 3, 2023. 
 
 (d) Section 6.02(b) of the is hereby amended by amending and restating sub-clauses (iv) and (v) in their entirety as follows and adding a new clause (vi) 
 (iv) no later than the third Business Day (or, if agreed by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion, the fourth Business Day) of each week that is the first week of each calendar month (A) an Approved Budget Update and (B) an Approved Budget Variance Report (v) during the Variance Testing Period, no later than the third Business Day (or, if agreed by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion, the fourth Business Day) of each week, an Approved Budget Variance Report and (vi) on each Business Day, a report of the Revenue Share amount owing to FLC under the Merchandising Agreement in respect of credit card receivables with respect to such day. 
 (e) Article VI of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended to add the following new Section 6.20 
 6.20 Financial Consultant . 
 (a) The Loan Parties agree that, at all times from and after (x) in the event the Specified Event shall not have occurred on or prior to May 31, 2023 (or such later date agreed to in writing by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), June 1, 2023 and (y) otherwise, June 12, 2023 (or such later date agreed to in writing by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), the Loan Parties shall, at their sole cost and expense and after consulting with the Administrative Agent, retain a third party financial consultant (a Financial Consultant to provide financial and business assistance to the Loan Parties during such period, which Financial Consultant shall be acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion and shall have a scope of engagement of that is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. If the Loan Parties cooperate with the Financial 
 3 

Consultant (including, without limitation, in connection with the preparation and or review of Borrowing Base Certificates, Approved Budgets and Approved Budget Variance Reports) in a manner consistent with the role of the Borrower Consultant as required by Section 6.10(c) of the Credit Agreement, such retention of a Financial Consultant may be made in lieu of compliance with Section 6.10(c) (subject to such Financial Consultant acting in the same capacity (and with the same obligations) as the Borrower Consultant). 
 (b) The terms and scope of the engagement of the Financial Consultant shall be acceptable to the Administrative Agent and, without limiting the foregoing, the engagement shall (i) permit the Financial Consultant to report directly to the board of managers or directors, as applicable, of each Loan Party, (ii) grant the Administrative Agent and the Lenders complete and unfettered access to the Financial Consultant and authorize the Financial Consultant to communicate directly with the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and to furnish the Administrative Agent and the Lenders with such information as the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may request (together with copies of all written materials provided to the board of managers or directors of each Loan Party by such Financial Consultant), and (iii) require that the Financial Consultant review and submit on behalf of the Loan Parties all financial information and other reports required to be delivered by the Loan Parties to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 (c) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Loan Party (i) hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent (or its agents or advisors) to communicate directly with the Financial Consultant regarding any and all matters related to the Loan Parties, including, without limitation, all financial reports and projections developed, reviewed or verified by the Financial Consultant and all additional information, reports and statements requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, and (ii) hereby authorizes and directs the Financial Consultant to provide the Administrative Agent with copies of reports and other information or materials prepared or reviewed by the Financial Consultant as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may request provided, that none of the Loan Parties or Financial Consultant will be required to disclose any document, information or other matter (x) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or their respective agent or representatives) is prohibited by Law or any binding agreement entered into with third parties that are not Affiliates of the Borrowers (and only so long as such confidentiality obligations were not incurred to avoid disclosure pursuant to this section) or (y) that is, upon the reasonable advice of the Borrowers counsel, subject to attorney-client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product. 
 (f) Section 7.16 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by deleting such Section in its entirety and inserting the following in lieu thereof 
 7.16 Variance Covenant . From and after the commencement of the Variance Testing Period on a weekly basis (x) commencing June 10, 2023, with respect to each Prior Week occurring thereafter (until a Cumulative Four-Week Period has elapsed after June 3, 2023), permit Actual Disbursement Amounts for any Prior Week to exceed the Budgeted Disbursement Amounts for such Prior Week by an amount greater than fifteen percent (15.0 of such Budgeted Disbursement Amounts for such Prior Week and (y) commencing as of first full Cumulative Four-Week Period after June 3, 2023, permit Actual Disbursement Amounts for each rolling Cumulative Four-Week Period to exceed the Budgeted Disbursement Amounts for such Cumulative Four-Week Period reflected in in the applicable Approved Budget(s) by an amount greater than ten percent (10.0 of such Budgeted Disbursement Amounts for such period. Each Loan Party agrees to provide the Administrative Agent with such information and detail concerning weekly third-party vendor payable disbursements as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, including reasonable opportunity to communicate with and discuss with the Lead Borrower s management and its advisors to understand necessary disbursements. 
 4 

(g) Section 8.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by deleting such clause (b) of such Section in its entirety and inserting the following in lieu thereof 
 (b) Specific Covenants . (i) Any Loan Party fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in any of Section 6.01 , Section 6.02 , Section 6.03 , Section 6.05 , Section 6.07 , Section 6.10 , Section 6.11 , Section 6.12 , Section 6.13 , Section 6.19 (and except for any such failure under Section 6.19(a)(iii) (which shall constitute an immediate Event of Default) such failure under Section 6.19 continues for three (3) Business Days), Section 6.20 or Article VII or 
 3. Conditions Precedent . This Amendment shall only be effective upon the satisfaction or waiver by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders of each of the following conditions precedent (the date of such satisfaction or waiver, the Seventh Amendment Effective Date 
 (a) the Administrative Agent shall have received (unless otherwise specified) each of the following documents or instruments each of which shall be originals, facsimiles or other electronic transmission (in the case of facsimiles or other electronic transmission followed promptly by originals) unless otherwise specified, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent 
 (i) this Amendment, duly executed and delivered by the Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent and each Lender 
 (ii) that certain Second Amendment to Term Loan Credit Agreement, by and among the Loan Parties, the Term Agent and the lenders under the Subordinated Term Loan Agreement (the 2L Amendment 
 (iii) that certain Letter Amendment, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Term Agent and the Administrative Agent, and acknowledged by the Loan Parties to that certain Mutual Consent and Agreement, dated as of March 8, 2023 
 (iv) that certain amended and restated fee letter duly executed and delivered by the Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent and 
 (v) that certain Letter Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Administrative Agent and the Loan Parties 
 (b) the Lead Borrower shall have paid all invoiced and accrued fees and reasonable and documented expenses of the Administrative Agent in respect of this Amendment (including but not limited to the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of counsel for the Administrative Agent in respect of this Amendment) 
 (c) the Lead Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders all fees and expenses due and payable on or before the Seventh Amendment Effective Date (including but not limited to all expenses in connection with this Amendment required to be reimbursed in accordance with Section 10.04 of the Amended Credit Agreement) 
 (d) no order, injunction or judgment has been entered into prohibiting the closing of the Amendment 
 (e) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred or be continuing and 
 (f) all representations and warranties contained in this Amendment (including those made in Section 4 hereof) are true and correct on and as of the Seventh Amendment Effective Date. 
 For purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 3 , each Lender that has signed this Amendment shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required hereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable 
 5 

or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received written notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Seventh Amendment Effective Date specifying its objection thereto. 
 4. Representations and Warranties . In order to induce the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to enter into this Amendment, each Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby represents to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders as of the date hereof as follows 
 (a) Such Loan Party is duly authorized to execute and deliver this Amendment and is duly authorized to perform its obligations under the Amended Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party. 
 (b) The execution and delivery of this Amendment by such Loan Party does not and will not (i) contravene the terms of the Organization Documents of such Loan Party (ii) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of any Lien under (x) any Contractual Obligation to which such Loan Party is a party (other than Liens created under the Loan Documents in favor of the Administrative Agent for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties (as defined in the Security Agreement) or (y) any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which such Loan Party or its property is subject or (iii) violate any applicable Law. 
 (c) This Amendment is a legal, valid, and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar Laws relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors or by general equitable principles. 
 (d) As of the Seventh Amendment Effective Date and after giving effect to this Amendment, the representations and warranties of the Lead Borrower and each other Loan Party contained in Article V of the Amended Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection herewith or therewith, (i) which are qualified by materiality shall be true and correct, and (ii) which are not qualified by materiality shall be true and correct in all material respects, in each case, on and as of the Seventh Amendment Effective Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct, or true and correct in all material respects, as the case may be, as of such earlier date, and except that the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 of the Amended Credit Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the most recent consolidated statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b), respectively, of Section 6.01 of the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 (e) As of the Seventh Amendment Effective Date and after giving effect to this Amendment, each Loan Party has complied with and is in compliance with all of the covenants set forth in the Amended Credit Agreement, including those set forth in Article VI and Article VII of the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 (f) As of the Seventh Amendment Effective Date, both immediately before and after giving effect to this Amendment, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result herefrom. 
 5. GOVERNING LAW . THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (EXCEPT FOR THE CONFLICT OF LAWS RULES THEREOF, BUT INCLUDING GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402). 
 6. Binding Effect . This Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of each of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 
 7. Acknowledgement . 
 (a) Each Loan Party hereby consents to the amendments and modifications to the Existing Credit Agreement effected hereby, and confirms and agrees that, notwithstanding the 
 6 

effectiveness of this Amendment, each Loan Document to which such Loan Party is a party is, and the obligations of such Loan Party contained in the Existing Credit Agreement, as amended and modified hereby, or in any other Loan Documents to which it is a party are, and shall continue to be, in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects, in each case as amended and modified by this Amendment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the execution of this Amendment shall not constitute a novation. 
 (b) The Loan Parties hereby reaffirm, acknowledge and agree that the Administrative Agent is entitled to engage and retain (directly or indirectly) one or more consultants or advisors from time to time in connection with the performance of its duties and obligations under the Loan Documents (including, at any time on or following the Seventh Amendment Effective Date), and the Loan Parties shall and shall cause its Subsidiaries to cooperate with such advisors and consultants in performing the scope of their respectful engagements. 
 (c) Without limiting the Administrative Agent s rights to implement other Reserves in accordance with the Credit Agreement, the Loan Parties specifically acknowledge and agree that the Administrative Agent may from time to time, in its Permitted Discretion, implement Availability Reserves to reflect claims and liabilities (including costs and expenses) that may need to be satisfied in connection with the realization upon the Collateral (including all such claims and liabilities (including costs and expenses) that may be incurred in connection with any insolvency or restructuring proceeding). 
 (d) Each of the Administrative Agent and Lenders hereby acknowledges receipt of the 2L Amendment, and hereby consents and agrees to the amendments and modifications of the Subordinated Term Loan Agreement made pursuant thereto. 
 8. Reference to and Effect on the Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents . 
 (a) On and after the effectiveness of this Amendment, each reference in the Existing Credit Agreement to this Agreement , hereunder , hereof or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, and each reference in the Notes and each of the other Loan Documents to the Credit Agreement , thereunder , thereof or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, shall mean and be a reference to the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 (b) The Existing Credit Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents, as specifically amended and modified by this Amendment, are and shall continue to be in full force and effect and are hereby in all respects ratified and confirmed. 
 (c) The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not, except as expressly provided herein, operate as a waiver or novation of any right, power or remedy of any Lender, any L C Issuer, any Swing Line Lender, the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent under any of the Loan Documents, nor constitute a waiver or novation of any provision of any of the Loan Documents. 
 (d) The Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Loan Parties agree that this Amendment shall be a Loan Document. 
 9. Waiver, Modification, Etc . No provision or term of this Amendment may be modified, altered, waived, discharged or terminated orally, but only by an instrument in writing executed by the party against whom such modification, alteration, waiver, discharge or termination is sought to be enforced. 
 10. Headings . The headings listed herein are for convenience only and do not constitute matters to be construed in interpreting this Amendment. 
 11. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract, and shall become effective as to each party hereto. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by facsimile or other electronic imaging means e.g. , via electronic mail in .pdf form) shall be effective as delivery of a 
 7 

manually executed counterpart of this Amendment. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Amendment and or any document to be signed in connection with this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be. 
 12. Further Assurances . Each of the parties to this Amendment agrees that at any time and from time to time upon the written request of any other party, it will execute and deliver such further documents and do such further acts and things as such other party may reasonably request in order to effect the purposes of this Amendment. 
 13. Release . In consideration of the agreements of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, each Loan Party, on behalf of itself and its successors, assigns, and other legal representatives (each Loan Party and all such other Persons being hereinafter referred to collectively as the Releasors and individually as a Releasor ), hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably releases, remises and forever discharges the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and their successors and assigns, and their present and former shareholders, affiliates, subsidiaries, divisions, predecessors, directors, officers, attorneys, consultants, advisors, employees, agents and other representatives (the Administrative Agent and each other Lender and all such other Persons being hereinafter referred to collectively as the Releasees and individually as a Releasee ), of and from all demands, actions, causes of action, suits, controversies, reckonings, damages and any and all other claims, counterclaims, defenses, rights of set-off, demands and liabilities whatsoever (individually, a Claim and collectively, Claims of every name and nature, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, both at law and in equity, which any Releasor may now own, hold, have or claim to have against the Releasees or any of them for, upon, or by reason of any circumstance, action, cause or thing whatsoever which arises at any time on or prior to the day and date of this Amendment, in any way related to or in connection with the Existing Credit Agreement, Amended Credit Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or transactions thereunder or related thereto. Each Loan Party understands, acknowledges and agrees that the release set forth above may be pleaded as a full and complete defense and may be used as a basis for an injunction against any action, suit or other proceeding which may be instituted, prosecuted or attempted in breach of the provisions of such release. Each Loan Party agrees that no fact, event, circumstance, evidence or transaction which could now be asserted or which may hereafter be discovered shall affect in any manner the final, absolute and unconditional nature of the release set forth above. 
 REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 
 8 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. , as Administrative Agent 

By s L. Daniel Menendez 
 Name L. Daniel Menendez 
 Title Vice President 

Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 Seventh Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. , as a Revolving Lender and as the Swing Line Lender 

By s L. Daniel Menendez 
 Name L. Daniel Menendez 
 Title Vice President 
 
 Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 Seventh Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. , as a Revolving Lender 

By s Hai Nguyen 
 Name Hai Nguyen 
 Title Authorized Officer 

Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 Seventh Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as a Revolving Lender 
 
 By s Katelyn Murray 
 Name Katelyn Murray 
 Title Assistant Vice President 
 
 Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 Seventh Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 TRUIST BANK, as successor by merger to SUNTRUST BANK , as a Revolving Lender 

By s Mark Bohntinsky 
 Name Mark Bohntinsky 
 Title Managing Director 
 
 Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 Seventh Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 CITIZENS BANK, N.A. , as a Revolving Lender 

By s Peter Yelle 
 Name Peter Yelle 
 Title SVP 
 
 Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 Seventh Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 REGIONS BANK , as a Revolving Lender 

By s Bruce Kaspek 
 Name Bruce Kaspek 
 Title Managing Director 
 
 Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 Seventh Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as successor to CAPITAL ONE BUSINESS CREDIT CORP., as a Revolving Lender 

By s Robert Johnson 
 Name Robert Johnson 
 Title Duly Authorized Signatory 
 
 Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 Seventh Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , 
 as a Revolving Lender 

By s Paul L. Starman 
 Name Paul L. Starman 
 Title Vice President 
 
 Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 Seventh Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , 
 as a Revolving Lender 
 
 By s Stephen Santini 
 Name Stephen Santini 
 Title Vice President 

Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 Seventh Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 LEAD BORROWER 
 
 BARNES & NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. , a Delaware corporation 
 By s Michael P. Huseby 
 Name Michael P. Huseby 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 Seventh Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 

BORROWERS 
 
 B&N EDUCATION, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 BARNES & NOBLE COLLEGE BOOKSELLERS, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 BNED DIGITAL HOLDINGS, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 BNED LOUDCLOUD, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 BNED MBS HOLDINGS, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company (f k a Morocco Holdings, LLC) 
 CRAM LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 EDUCATE AHORA LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 ETUDIER FACILE LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 MBS AUTOMATION LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 MBS DIRECT, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 MBS INTERNET, LL C, a Delaware limited liability company 
 MBS SERVICE COMPANY LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 MBS TEXTBOOK EXCHANGE, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 PAPERRATER, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 By s Michael P. Huseby 
 Name Michael P. Huseby 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 

Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 Seventh Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 

BORROWERS, continued 
 
 STUDENT BRANDS, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 STUDY MODE LLC , a California limited liability company 
 TEXTBOOKCENTER LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 TRABALHOS FEITOS, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 TXTB.COM, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 WORLDWIDE KNOWLEDGE LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 By s Michael P. Huseby 
 Name Michael P. Huseby 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 Seventh Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-10.13>
 5
 bned-ex1013termloan2ndamen.htm
 EX-10.13 TERM LOAN 2ND AMENDMENT

Document 
 Exhibit 10.13 
 
 Execution Version 

SECOND AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 This SECOND AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN CREDIT AGREEMENT , dated as of May 24, 2023 (this Amendment ), is by and among TopLids LendCo, LLC TopLids ), in its capacity as administrative agent pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement defined below (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ), the Lenders party hereto (which Lenders comprise all Lenders under the Existing Credit Agreement as of the date hereof), Barnes & Noble Education, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), and the other parties party hereto as Guarantors (collectively with the Borrower, the Loan Parties ). 
 W I T N E S E T H 
 WHEREAS , the Administrative Agent, TopLids, in its capacity as collateral agent pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement (in such capacity, the Collateral Agent ), the Persons signatory thereto as Guarantors and the lenders from time to time party thereto (collectively, the Lenders are parties to that certain Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated June 7, 2022 (as amended by that certain First Amendment to Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of March 8, 2023, and as further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or modified prior to the effectiveness of this Amendment, the Existing Credit Agreement capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Existing Credit Agreement, as modified by this Amendment, the Amended Credit Agreement ). 
 WHEREAS , the Borrower has requested that the Existing Credit Agreement be amended to make certain amendments to the Existing Credit Agreement, as more specifically set forth herein. 
 WHEREAS , by this Amendment and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Borrower and the Guarantors desire and intend to evidence the aforementioned amendments to the Existing Credit Agreement. 
 NOW THEREFORE , in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual agreements and covenants contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 1. Amendments to Existing Credit Agreement . Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, including the conditions set forth in Section 2 of this Amendment, the Existing Credit Agreement (other than the annexes, schedules, and exhibits thereto) is hereby amended as set forth below 
 (a) Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following new definitions in the appropriate alphabetical order 
 First Lien Second Amendment Effective Date means Second Amendment Effective Date as defined in the First Lien Credit Agreement 
 Financial Consultant has the meaning set forth in Section 6.24. 
 Prior Week has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 Second Amendment means that certain Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of May 24, 2023, among the Borrower, the other Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto. 
 Specified Event Letter Agreement shall mean that certain Letter Agreement, dated as of May 24, 2023 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) by and among the First Lien Agent, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and acknowledged and agreed to by the Loan Parties. 

(b) Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the definition of Variance Covenant Trigger Event from such Section. 
 (c) Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended to amend and restate the following definitions, respectively, in their entirety as follows 
 Intercreditor Agreement means that certain Subordination and Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of June 7, 2022, by and among the First Lien Agent, the Administrative Agent and the Loan Parties (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (including pursuant to the Mutual Consent and the Specified Event Letter Agreement)) which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall constitute a Loan Document. 
 Second Amendment Effective Date means the Second Amendment Effective Date as defined in the Second Amendment. 
 
 Variance Testing Period has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 (d) Section 1.01, with respect to the definition of Immaterial Subsidiary thereunder, and Section 5.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement are hereby amended to replace Second Amendment Effective Date with First Lien Second Amendment Effective Date therein. 
 (e) Article VI of the Existing Credit Agreement is amended by adding hereby amended by adding a new Section 6.24 as follows 
 
 6.24 Financial Consultant . 
 (a) The Loan Parties agree that, at all times from and after (x) in the event the Specified Event shall not have occurred on or prior to May 31, 2023 (or such later date agreed to in writing by the First Lien Agent in its sole discretion), June 1, 2023 and (y) otherwise, June 12, 2023 (or such later date agreed to in writing by the First Lien Agent in its sole discretion), the Loan Parties shall, at their sole cost and expense and after consulting with the First Lien Agent, retain a third party financial consultant (a Financial Consultant to provide financial and business assistance to the Loan Parties during such period, which Financial Consultant shall be acceptable to the First Lien Agent in its sole discretion and shall have a scope of engagement of that is reasonably satisfactory to the First Lien Agent. If the Loan Parties cooperate with the Financial Consultant (including, without limitation, in connection with the preparation and or review of Borrowing Base Certificates (as defined in the First Lien Credit Agreement), Approved Budgets and Approved Budget Variance Reports) in a manner consistent with the role of the Borrower Consultant as required by Section 6.10(b) of the Credit Agreement, such retention of a Financial Consultant may be made in lieu of compliance with Section 6.10(b) (subject to such Financial Consultant acting in the same capacity (and with the same obligations) as the Borrower Consultant). 
 (b) The terms and scope of the engagement of the Financial Consultant shall be acceptable to the First Lien Agent and, without limiting the foregoing, the engagement shall (i) permit the Financial Consultant to report directly to the board of managers or directors, as applicable, of each Loan Party, (ii) grant the Administrative Agent and the Lenders complete and unfettered access to the Financial Consultant and authorize the Financial Consultant to communicate directly with the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and to furnish the Administrative Agent and the Lenders with such information as the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may request (together with copies of all written materials provided to the board of managers or directors of each Loan 
 2 

Party by such Financial Consultant), and (iii) require that the Financial Consultant review and submit on behalf of the Loan Parties all financial information and other reports required to be delivered by the Loan Parties to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 (c) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Loan Party (i) hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent (or its agents or advisors) to communicate directly with the Financial Consultant regarding any and all matters related to the Loan Parties, including, without limitation, all financial reports and projections developed, reviewed or verified by the Financial Consultant and all additional information, reports and statements requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, and (ii) hereby authorizes and directs the Financial Consultant to provide the Administrative Agent with copies of reports and other information or materials prepared or reviewed by the Financial Consultant as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may request provided, that none of the Loan Parties or Financial Consultant will be required to disclose any document, information or other matter (x) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or their respective agent or representatives) is prohibited by Law or any binding agreement entered into with third parties that are not Affiliates of the Loan Parties (and only so long as such confidentiality obligations were not incurred to avoid disclosure pursuant to this section) or (y) that is, upon the reasonable advice of the Loan Parties counsel, subject to attorney-client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product. 
 (d) Any waiver by the First Lien Agent of any provisions set forth in Section 6.20 of the First Lien Credit Agreement shall be deemed a waiver of such corresponding provisions in this Section 6.24. 
 (f) Section 7.16 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by deleting such Section in its entirety and inserting the following in lieu thereof 
 7.16 Variance Covenant . From and after the commencement of the Variance Testing Period on a weekly basis (x) commencing June 10, 2023, with respect to each of Prior Week occurring thereafter (until a Cumulative Four-Week Period has elapsed after June 3, 2023), permit Actual Disbursement Amounts for any Prior Week to exceed the Budgeted Disbursement Amounts for such Prior Week by an amount greater than fifteen percent (15.0 of such Budgeted Disbursement Amounts for such Prior Week and (y) commencing as of first full Cumulative Four-Week Period after June 3, 2023, permit Actual Disbursement Amounts for each rolling Cumulative Four-Week Period to exceed the Budgeted Disbursement Amounts for such Cumulative Four-Week Period reflected in the applicable Approved Budget(s) by an amount greater than ten percent (10.0 of such Budgeted Disbursement Amounts for such period. Each Loan Party agrees to provide the Administrative Agent with such information and detail concerning weekly third-party vendor payable disbursements as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, including reasonable opportunity to communicate with and discuss with the Borrower s management and its advisors to understand necessary disbursements. Any waiver by the First Lien Agent of any provisions set forth in Section 7.16 of the First Lien Credit Agreement shall be deemed a waiver of such corresponding provisions in this Section 7.16. 
 (g) Section 8.01(b) of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by deleting such clause (b) of such Section in its entirety and inserting the following in lieu thereof 
 (b) Specific Covenants . (i) Any Loan Party fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in any of Section 6.01 , Section 6.02 , Section 6.03 , Section 6.05 , Section 6.07 , Section 6.10 , Section 6.11 , Section 
 3 

6.12 , Section 6.23 (and except for any such failure under Section 6.23(a)(iii) (which shall constitute an immediate Event of Default) such failure under Section 6.23 continues for three (3) Business Days), Section 6.24 or Article VII or 
 2. Conditions Precedent . This Amendment shall only be effective upon the satisfaction or waiver by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders of each of the following conditions precedent (the date of such satisfaction or waiver, the Second Amendment Effective Date 
 (a) the Administrative Agent shall have received (unless otherwise specified) each of the following documents or instruments each of which shall be originals, facsimiles or other electronic transmission (in the case of facsimiles or other electronic transmission followed promptly by originals) unless otherwise specified, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent 
 (i) this Amendment, duly executed and delivered by the Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent and each Lender 
 (ii) that certain Seventh Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, duly executed and delivered by the Loan Parties, the First Lien Agent and the lenders under the First Lien Credit Agreement and 
 (iii) the Specified Event Letter Agreement, duly executed by the First Lien Agent, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and acknowledged and agreed to by the Loan Parties 
 (b) the Borrower shall have paid all invoiced and accrued fees and reasonable and documented expenses of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and their designated affiliates and each Lender in respect of this Amendment (including but not limited to the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of counsel for the Administrative Agent and each Lender in respect of this Amendment) 
 (c) the Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders all fees and expenses due and payable on or before the Second Amendment Effective Date (including but not limited to all expenses in connection with this Amendment required to be reimbursed in accordance with Section 10.04 of the Amended Credit Agreement) 
 (d) no order, injunction or judgment shall have been entered prohibiting the closing of this Amendment 
 (e) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred or be continuing and 
 (f) all representations and warranties contained in this Amendment (including those made in Section 3 hereof) are true and correct on and as of the Second Amendment Effective Date. 
 For purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 2 , each Lender that has signed this Amendment shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required hereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received written notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Second Amendment Effective Date specifying its objection thereto. 
 3. Representations and Warranties . In order to induce the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to enter into this Amendment, each of the Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby represents to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders as of the date hereof as follows 
 (a) Such Loan Party is duly authorized to execute and deliver this Amendment and is duly authorized to perform its obligations under the Amended Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party. 
 4 

(b) The execution and delivery of this Amendment by such Loan Party do not and will not (i) contravene the terms of the Organization Documents of such Loan Party (ii) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of any Lien under (x) any Contractual Obligation to which such Loan Party is a party (other than Liens created under the Loan Documents in favor of the Collateral Agent for the ratable benefit of the Credit Parties) or (y) any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which such Loan Party or its property is subject or (iii) violate any applicable Law. 
 (c) This Amendment is a legal, valid, and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar Laws relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors or by general equitable principles. 
 (d) As of the Second Amendment Effective Date and after giving effect to this Amendment, the representations and warranties of the Borrower and each other Loan Party contained in Article V of the Amended Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection herewith or therewith, (i) which are qualified by materiality shall be true and correct, and (ii) which are not qualified by materiality shall be true and correct in all material respects, in each case, on and as of the Second Amendment Effective Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct, or true and correct in all material respects, as the case may be, as of such earlier date, and except that the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 of the Amended Credit Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the most recent consolidated statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b), respectively, of Section 6.01 of the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 (e) As of the Second Amendment Effective Date and after giving effect to this Amendment, each Loan Party has complied with and is in compliance with all of the covenants set forth in the Amended Credit Agreement, including those set forth in Article VI and Article VII of the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 (f) As of the Second Amendment Effective Date, both immediately before and after giving effect to this Amendment, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result herefrom. 
 4. Conditions Subsequent . 
 (a) Reserved . 
 5. GOVERNING LAW . THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (EXCEPT FOR THE CONFLICT OF LAWS RULES THEREOF, BUT INCLUDING GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402). 
 6. Binding Effect . This Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of each of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 
 7. Acknowledgement . 
 (a) Each Loan Party hereby consents to the amendments and modifications to the Existing Credit Agreement effected hereby, and confirms and agrees that, notwithstanding the effectiveness of this Amendment, each Loan Document to which such Loan Party is a party is, and the obligations of such Loan Party contained in the Existing Credit Agreement, as amended and modified hereby, or in any other Loan Documents to which it is a party are, and shall continue to be, in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects, in each case as amended and modified by this Amendment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the execution of this Amendment shall not constitute a novation. 
 5 

(b) Each of the Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent and Lenders hereby acknowledges receipt of the Seventh Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the First Lien Agent, lenders party thereto, and the Loan Parties, and hereby consents and agrees to the amendments and modifications of the First Lien Credit Agreement made pursuant thereto. 
 8. Reference to and Effect on the Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents . 
 (a) On and after the effectiveness of this Amendment, each reference in the Existing Credit Agreement to this Agreement , hereunder , hereof or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, and each reference in the Notes and each of the other Loan Documents to the Credit Agreement , thereunder , thereof or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, shall mean and be a reference to the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 (b) The Existing Credit Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents, as specifically amended and modified by this Amendment, are and shall continue to be in full force and effect and are hereby in all respects ratified and confirmed. 
 (c) The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not, except as expressly provided herein, operate as a waiver or novation of any right, power or remedy of any Lender, the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent under any of the Loan Documents, nor constitute a waiver or novation of any provision of any of the Loan Documents. 
 (d) The Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Loan Parties agree that this Amendment shall be a Loan Document. 
 9. Waiver, Modification, Etc . No provision or term of this Amendment may be modified, altered, waived, discharged or terminated orally, but only by an instrument in writing executed by the party against whom such modification, alteration, waiver, discharge or termination is sought to be enforced. 
 10. Headings . The headings listed herein are for convenience only and do not constitute matters to be construed in interpreting this Amendment. 
 11. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract, and shall become effective as to each party hereto. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by facsimile or other electronic imaging means e.g. , via electronic mail in .pdf form) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Amendment and or any document to be signed in connection with this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be. 
 12. Further Assurances . Each of the parties to this Amendment agrees that at any time and from time to time upon the written request of any other party, it will execute and deliver such further documents and do such further acts and things as such other party may reasonably request in order to effect the purposes of this Amendment. 
 13. Release . In consideration of the agreements of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, each Loan Party, on behalf of itself and its successors, assigns, and other legal representatives (each Loan Party and all such other Persons being hereinafter referred to collectively as the Releasors and individually as a Releasor ), hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably releases, remises and forever discharges the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders, and their successors and assigns, and their present and former shareholders, affiliates, subsidiaries, divisions, predecessors, directors, officers, attorneys, consultants, advisors, employees, agents and other 
 6 

representatives (the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, each Lender and all such other Persons being hereinafter referred to collectively as the Releasees and individually as a Releasee ), of and from all demands, actions, causes of action, suits, controversies, reckonings, damages and any and all other claims, counterclaims, defenses, rights of set-off, demands and liabilities whatsoever (individually, a Claim and collectively, Claims of every name and nature, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, both at law and in equity, which any Releasor may now own, hold, have or claim to have against the Releasees or any of them for, upon, or by reason of any circumstance, action, cause or thing whatsoever which arises at any time on or prior to the day and date of this Amendment, in any way related to or in connection with the Existing Credit Agreement, the Amended Credit Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or transactions thereunder or related thereto. Each Loan Party understands, acknowledges and agrees that the release set forth above may be pleaded as a full and complete defense and may be used as a basis for an injunction against any action, suit or other proceeding which may be instituted, prosecuted or attempted in breach of the provisions of such release. Each Loan Party agrees that no fact, event, circumstance, evidence or transaction which could now be asserted or which may hereafter be discovered shall affect in any manner the final, absolute and unconditional nature of the release set forth above. 
 REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 
 
 7 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 TOPLIDS LENDCO, LLC , as Administrative Agent and as a Lender 

By s William D. Carr 
 Name William D. Carr 
 Title President 
 
 Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 Second Amendment to Term Loan Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 

VITAL FUNDCO, LLC , as a Lender 

By s Kenton W. Freeman 
 Name Kenton W. Freeman 
 Title President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 Second Amendment to Term Loan Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 

BORROWER 
 
 BARNES & NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. , a Delaware corporation 
 By s Michael P. Huseby 
 Name Michael P. Huseby 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 

GUARANTORS 
 
 B&N EDUCATION, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 BARNES & NOBLE COLLEGE BOOKSELLERS, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 BNED DIGITAL HOLDINGS, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 BNED LOUDCLOUD, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 BNED MBS HOLDINGS, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company (f k a Morocco Holdings, LLC) 
 CRAM LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 EDUCATE AHORA LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 ETUDIER FACILE LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 MBS AUTOMATION LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 MBS DIRECT, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 MBS INTERNET, LL C, a Delaware limited liability company 
 MBS SERVICE COMPANY LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 MBS TEXTBOOK EXCHANGE, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 PAPERRATER, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 By s Michael P. Huseby 
 Name Michael P. Huseby 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 

Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 Second Amendment to Term Loan Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 

GUARANTORS, continued 
 
 STUDENT BRANDS, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 STUDY MODE LLC , a California limited liability company 
 TEXTBOOKCENTER LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 TRABALHOS FEITOS, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 TXTB.COM, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 WORLDWIDE KNOWLEDGE LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 By s Michael P. Huseby 
 Name Michael P. Huseby 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 
 Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 Second Amendment to Term Loan Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-10.14>
 6
 bned-ex1014abl8thamendment.htm
 EX-10.14 ABL 8TH AMENDMENT

Document 
 Exhibit 10.14 
 
 Execution Version 

EIGHTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 
 This EIGHTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT , dated as of July 28, 2023 (this Amendment ), is by and among Bank of America, N.A., in its capacity as administrative agent and collateral agent for the Lenders, pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement defined below (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ), the Lenders party hereto (which Lenders comprise all Lenders under the Existing Credit Agreement as of the date hereof), Barnes & Noble Education, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Lead Borrower ), the other borrowers party hereto (collectively with the Lead Borrower, the Borrowers and the other parties party hereto as Guarantors (collectively with the Borrowers, the Loan Parties ). References herein to a Lender shall be deemed to include each such Lender in its capacity as an LC Issuer and or the Swing Line Lender. 
 W I T N E S E T H 
 WHEREAS , the Administrative Agent, certain financial institutions from time to time party thereto as lenders (collectively, the Lenders and or as agents, the Borrowers and the Guarantors are parties to that certain Credit Agreement, dated August 3, 2015 (as amended by that certain First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of February 27, 2017, that certain Second Amendment, Waiver and Consent to Credit Agreement, dated as of March 1, 2019, that certain Third Amendment and Waiver to Credit Agreement and First Amendment to Security Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2021, that certain Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2022, that certain Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of June 7, 2022, that certain Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of March 8, 2023, that certain Seventh Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of May 24, 2023, and as further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or modified prior to the effectiveness of this Amendment, the Existing Credit Agreement capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Existing Credit Agreement, as modified by this Amendment (the Amended Credit Agreement ). 
 WHEREAS , the Borrowers have requested that the Administrative Agent and the Lenders agree to make certain amendments to the Existing Credit Agreement, as more specifically set forth herein. 
 WHEREAS , the Administrative Agent and the Lenders are willing to make certain amendments to the Existing Credit Agreement, all subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, as more specifically set forth herein. 
 NOW THEREFORE , in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual agreements and covenants contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 1. Amendments to Existing Credit Agreement . Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, including satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 4 of this Amendment, the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example stricken text ), to add the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example double-underlined text ), and to move from its location the stricken text in green (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example moved from text and to move into its new location the double-underlined text in green (indicated textually in the same manner as the 

following example moved to text ), as set forth in the pages of the Amended Credit Agreement attached hereto as Annex I . 
 2. Amendments to Exhibits to Existing Credit Agreement . Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, including satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 4 of this Amendment, Exhibit D (Form of Compliance Certificate) of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety in the form attached hereto as Annex II . 
 3. Amendments to Schedules to Existing Credit Agreement . Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, including satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 4 of this Amendment, Schedule 1.05 (CARES Act Tax Refund Claim) attached hereto as Annex III is hereby added as a new schedule to the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 4. Conditions Precedent . This Amendment shall be effective at 11 59 p.m. (New York City times) on the date that each of the following conditions precedent are satisfied or waived by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (the date of such satisfaction or waiver, the Eighth Amendment Effective Date 
 (a) the Administrative Agent shall have received (unless otherwise specified) each of the following documents or instruments each of which shall be originals, facsimiles or other electronic transmission (in the case of facsimiles or other electronic transmission followed promptly by originals) unless otherwise specified, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent 
 (i) this Amendment, duly executed and delivered by the Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent and each Lender 
 (ii) that certain Third Amendment to Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of the Eighth Amendment Effective Date, by and among the Loan Parties, Toplids LendCo, LLC (the Subordinated Term Agent and the lenders under the Subordinated Term Loan Agreement (the 2L Amendment 
 (iii) that certain Mutual Consent and Agreement, dated as of the Eighth Amendment Effective Date, by and among the Administrative Agent, the Subordinated Term Agent, the lenders under the Subordinated Term Loan Agreement and acknowledged and agreed to by the Loan Parties 
 (iv) an amendment to the Merchandising Agreement, dated as of the Eighth Amendment Effective Date, duly executed by each of the parties thereto 
 (v) an engagement letter re CRO Services, dated as of the Eighth Amendment Effective Date, between Berkeley Research Group, LLC and the Lead Borrower, duly executed by each of the parties thereto 
 (vi) an amendment, dated as of the Eighth Amendment Effective Date, to that certain Engagement Letter, dated as of August 26, 2022 (and as amended by that certain First Amendment to Engagement Letter, dated as of March 3, 2023), between the Loan Parties and Houlihan Lokey Capital, Inc., duly executed by each of the parties thereto 
 (vii) an amendment, dated as of the Eighth Amendment Effective Date, to the VitalSource Supply Contract duly executed by each of the parties thereto 
 (viii) a certificate of a duly authorized officer of the Lead Borrower, which certificate shall attach and certify to true, correct and complete (w) copies of all Tax 
 2 

Materials (without amendment except as shown therein) existing as of the Eighth Amendment Effective Date, (x) the form of resolutions to be adopted by the board of directors of the Lead Borrower as set forth in Section 6.21 of the Amended Credit Agreement, (y) the Merchandising Agreement, including all schedules, annexes and amendments thereto and (z) the VitalSource Supply Contract, including all schedules, annexes and amendments thereto and 
 (ix) a certificate from a Responsible Officer of each Loan Party, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and dated as of the Eighth Amendment Effective Date, certifying as being true, correct and complete, copies attached thereto (certified by a governmental official, where applicable) of (a) good standings in such entities jurisdiction of organization and primary place of business chief executive office, (b) current, certified charters or certificates of formation and bylaws, limited liability company agreements or other applicable organizational documents, (c) resolutions or other corporate action with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Amendment and (d) incumbency certificates and or other certificates of Responsible Officers of each Loan Party as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer thereof authorized to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this Amendment 
 (b) no order, injunction or judgment has been entered into prohibiting the closing of the Amendment 
 (c) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred or be continuing and 
 (d) all representations and warranties contained in this Amendment (including those made in Section 6 hereof) are true and correct on and as of the Eighth Amendment Effective Date. 
 For purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 4 , each Lender that has signed this Amendment shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required hereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received written notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Eighth Amendment Effective Date specifying its objection thereto. 
 5. Post-Closing Covenant . The Loan Parties shall deliver (or shall cause to be delivered) the following documents or shall complete (or shall cause to be completed) the following tasks, as applicable, in each case no later than the dates specified below or such later dates as determined by the Administrative Agent in writing in its sole discretion 
 (a) Within one (1) Business Day of the Eighth Amendment Effective Date 
 (i) Administrative Agent shall have received the audited financial statements required by Section 6.01 of the Amended Credit Agreement, for the Fiscal Year of the Lead Borrower ended April 2023, together with a report and unqualified opinion of a Registered Public Accounting Firm, which shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and shall not be subject to any going concern or like qualification or exception or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit and 
 (ii) the Lead Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders all fees and expenses due and payable on or before the Eighth Amendment Effective Date (including but not limited to all expenses in connection with this Amendment required to be reimbursed in accordance with Section 10.04 of the Amended Credit Agreement) 
 3 

(b) On or before August 4, 2023, the Loan Parties shall cause to be delivered to the Administrative Agent and each Lender a favorable legal opinion of Paul Hastings LLP, counsel to the Loan Parties, addressed to the Administrative Agent and each Lender as to such matters concerning the Loan Parties, this Amendment, and any other Loan Documents delivered in connection herewith as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request. 
 (c) On or before August 7, 2023, the Loan Parties shall deliver (or shall cause to be delivered) to the Administrative Agent updated forecasts of Consolidated balance sheets and statements of income or operations and cash flows of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries, as well as projected Availability, on a monthly basis, for the Fiscal Year ending April 30, 2024. 
 (d) On or before August 14, 2023, the Loan Parties shall cause BNED (Texas), LLC, a Texas limited liability company, to become a Guarantor under the Loan Documents in accordance with Section 6.12 of the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 (e) On or before August 14, 2023, the Loan Parties shall deliver copies of the university contracts (including all amendments thereto) with each of the institutions listed on Annex IV hereto. 
 (f) On or before August 18, 2023, the Loan Parties shall deliver Blocked Account Agreements with respect to each of the DDAs set forth below (including any subaccounts related thereto) 
 Blocked Account Bank Account Nos. Capital One x9999 JPMorgan Chase Bank x4233, x2592, x7698, x8610, x9899, x9378, x9089, x0062, x0683, x1023 and x0587 PNC Bank x7401 and x2242 U.S. Bank x9155 Commerce Bank x2412, x9297, x6011, x0143, x8114, x9154, x0469, x9164, x8954, x0575, x0313 and x6098 
 (g) On or before August 28, 2023, the Loan Parties shall deliver all documents and instruments, including Uniform Commercial Code financing statements, required by law or reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to be filed, registered or recorded to create or perfect the first priority Liens intended to be created under the Loan Documents. 
 (h) The Lead Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, on a weekly basis, not later than Friday of each week, vendor supplier status summaries in each case in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, the Loan Parties acknowledge and agree that the failure to comply with this Section 5 shall constitute an Event of Default under Section 8.01(b) of the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 6. Refinancing Side Letter . The Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereby waive the requirements of that certain side letter re Specified Refinancing Transaction, dated as of May 24, 2023, by and among the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
 4 

7. Representations and Warranties . In order to induce the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to enter into this Amendment, each Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby represents to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders as of the date hereof as follows 
 (a) Such Loan Party is duly authorized to execute and deliver this Amendment and is duly authorized to perform its obligations under the Amended Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party. 
 (b) The execution and delivery of this Amendment by such Loan Party does not and will not (i) contravene the terms of the Organization Documents of such Loan Party (ii) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of any Lien under (x) any Contractual Obligation to which such Loan Party is a party (other than Liens created under the Loan Documents in favor of the Administrative Agent for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties (as defined in the Security Agreement) or (y) any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which such Loan Party or its property is subject or (iii) violate any applicable Law. 
 (c) This Amendment is a legal, valid, and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar Laws relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors or by general equitable principles. 
 (d) As of the Eighth Amendment Effective Date and after giving effect to this Amendment, the representations and warranties of the Lead Borrower and each other Loan Party contained in Article V of the Amended Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection herewith or therewith, (i) which are qualified by materiality shall be true and correct, and (ii) which are not qualified by materiality shall be true and correct in all material respects, in each case, on and as of the Eighth Amendment Effective Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct, or true and correct in all material respects, as the case may be, as of such earlier date, and except that the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 of the Amended Credit Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the most recent consolidated statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b), respectively, of Section 6.01 of the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 (e) As of the Eighth Amendment Effective Date and after giving effect to this Amendment, each Loan Party has complied with and is in compliance with all of the covenants set forth in the Amended Credit Agreement, including those set forth in Article VI and Article VII of the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 (f) As of the Eighth Amendment Effective Date, both immediately before and after giving effect to this Amendment, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result herefrom. 
 8. GOVERNING LAW . THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (EXCEPT FOR THE CONFLICT OF LAWS RULES THEREOF, BUT INCLUDING GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402). 
 9. Binding Effect . This Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of each of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 
 10. Ratification and Reaffirmation . 
 5 

(a) Each Loan Party hereby consents to the amendments and modifications to the Existing Credit Agreement effected hereby, and confirms and agrees that, notwithstanding the effectiveness of this Amendment, each Loan Document to which such Loan Party is a party is, and the obligations of such Loan Party contained in the Existing Credit Agreement, as amended and modified hereby, or in any other Loan Documents to which it is a party are, and shall continue to be, in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects, in each case as amended and modified by this Amendment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the execution of this Amendment shall not constitute a novation. 
 (b) Each Loan Party hereby agrees and confirms that the Secured Obligations continue to be secured and guaranteed under and in accordance with the existing Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party, together with all other instruments and documents executed and delivered by such Loan Party as security for the Secured Obligations, and each such Loan Party hereby grants and re-grants to the Administrative Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Credit Parties, a security interest in all of such Loan Party s right, title and interest in and to the Collateral (as defined in the Security Agreement), whether now owned or hereafter acquired by such Loan Party, wherever located, and whether now or hereafter existing or arising, as security for the payment or performance, as the case may be, in full of the Secured Obligations. 
 (c) Each Guarantor agrees that the Facility Guaranty (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) remains in full force and effect, and each Guarantor reaffirms the continued validity of, and ratifies, such Facility Guaranty, and agrees and confirms that its guarantee of the Guaranteed Obligations (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement, and as amended by this Amendment) remains in full force and effect. 
 (d) To the extent such Loan Party is named as a debtor in any UCC financing statement in favor of the Administrative Agent (collectively, the Existing UCC Financing Statements ), such Loan Party hereby ratifies its prior authorization for the Administrative Agent to have filed such Existing UCC Financing Statement naming such Loan Party as debtor. 
 11. Acknowledgement . 
 (a) The Loan Parties hereby reaffirm, acknowledge and agree that the Administrative Agent is entitled to engage and retain (directly or indirectly) one or more consultants or advisors from time to time in connection with the performance of its duties and obligations under the Loan Documents (including, at any time on or following the Eighth Amendment Effective Date), and the Loan Parties shall and shall cause its Subsidiaries to cooperate with such advisors and consultants in performing the scope of their respectful engagements. 
 (b) Without limiting the Administrative Agent s rights to implement other Reserves in accordance with the Credit Agreement, the Loan Parties specifically acknowledge and agree that the Administrative Agent may from time to time, in its Permitted Discretion, implement Availability Reserves to reflect claims and liabilities (including costs and expenses) that may need to be satisfied in connection with the realization upon the Collateral (including all such claims and liabilities (including costs and expenses) that may be incurred in connection with any insolvency or restructuring proceeding). 
 (c) Each of the Administrative Agent and Lenders hereby acknowledges receipt of the 2L Amendment, and hereby consents and agrees to the amendments and modifications of the Subordinated Term Loan Agreement made pursuant thereto. 
 12. Reference to and Effect on the Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents . 
 6 

(a) On and after the effectiveness of this Amendment, each reference in the Existing Credit Agreement to this Agreement , hereunder , hereof or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, and each reference in the Notes and each of the other Loan Documents to the Credit Agreement , thereunder , thereof or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, shall mean and be a reference to the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 (b) The Existing Credit Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents, as specifically amended and modified by this Amendment, are and shall continue to be in full force and effect and are hereby in all respects ratified and confirmed. 
 (c) The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not, except as expressly provided herein, operate as a waiver or novation of any right, power or remedy of any Lender, any L C Issuer, any Swing Line Lender, the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent under any of the Loan Documents, nor constitute a waiver or novation of any provision of any of the Loan Documents. 
 (d) The Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Loan Parties agree that this Amendment shall be a Loan Document. 
 13. Waiver, Modification, Etc . No provision or term of this Amendment may be modified, altered, waived, discharged or terminated orally, but only by an instrument in writing executed by the party against whom such modification, alteration, waiver, discharge or termination is sought to be enforced. 
 14. Headings . The headings listed herein are for convenience only and do not constitute matters to be construed in interpreting this Amendment. 
 15. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract, and shall become effective as to each party hereto. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by facsimile or other electronic imaging means e.g. , via electronic mail in .pdf form) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Amendment and or any document to be signed in connection with this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be. 
 16. Further Assurances . Each of the parties to this Amendment agrees that at any time and from time to time upon the written request of any other party, it will execute and deliver such further documents and do such further acts and things as such other party may reasonably request in order to effect the purposes of this Amendment. 
 17. Release . In consideration of the agreements of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, each Loan Party, on behalf of itself and its successors, assigns, and other legal representatives (each Loan Party and all such other Persons being hereinafter referred to collectively as the Releasors and individually as a Releasor ), hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably releases, remises and forever discharges the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and their successors and assigns, and their present and former shareholders, affiliates, subsidiaries, divisions, predecessors, directors, officers, attorneys, consultants, advisors, employees, agents and other representatives (the Administrative Agent and 
 7 

each other Lender and all such other Persons being hereinafter referred to collectively as the Releasees and individually as a Releasee ), of and from all demands, actions, causes of action, suits, controversies, reckonings, damages and any and all other claims, counterclaims, defenses, rights of set-off, demands and liabilities whatsoever (individually, a Claim and collectively, Claims of every name and nature, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, both at law and in equity, which any Releasor may now own, hold, have or claim to have against the Releasees or any of them for, upon, or by reason of any circumstance, action, cause or thing whatsoever which arises at any time on or prior to the day and date of this Amendment, in any way related to or in connection with the Existing Credit Agreement, Amended Credit Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or transactions thereunder or related thereto. Each Loan Party understands, acknowledges and agrees that the release set forth above may be pleaded as a full and complete defense and may be used as a basis for an injunction against any action, suit or other proceeding which may be instituted, prosecuted or attempted in breach of the provisions of such release. Each Loan Party agrees that no fact, event, circumstance, evidence or transaction which could now be asserted or which may hereafter be discovered shall affect in any manner the final, absolute and unconditional nature of the release set forth above. 
 REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 
 8 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. , as Administrative Agent 

By s L. Daniel Menendez 
 Name L. Daniel Menendez 
 Title Vice President 
 Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. , as a Revolving Lender and as the Swing Line Lender 

By s L. Daniel Menendez 
 Name L. Daniel Menendez 
 Title Vice President 
 
 Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. , as a Revolving Lender 

By s Jon Eckhouse 
 Name Jon Eckhouse 
 Title Authorized Officer 

Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as a Revolving Lender 
 
 By s Michelle Riccobono 
 Name Michelle Riccobono 
 Title Authorized Signatory 
 
 Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 TRUIST BANK, as successor by merger to SUNTRUST BANK , as a Revolving Lender 

By s Kelly M. Thomas 
 Name Kelly M. Thomas 
 Title Vice President 
 
 Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 CITIZENS BANK, N.A. , as a Revolving Lender 

By s Monira J. Masud 
 Name Monira J. Masud 
 Title Senior Vice President 
 
 Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 REGIONS BANK , as a Revolving Lender 

By s Gene Wilson 
 Name Gene Wilson 
 Title Managing Director and Senior Vice President 
 
 Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as successor to CAPITAL ONE BUSINESS CREDIT CORP., as a Revolving Lender 

By s Robert Johnson 
 Name Robert Johnson 
 Title Duly Authorized Signatory 
 
 Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , 
 as a Revolving Lender 

By s Paul L. Starman 
 Name Paul L. Starman 
 Title Vice President 
 
 Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , 
 as a Revolving Lender 
 
 By s Stephen Santini 
 Name Stephen Santini 
 Title Vice President 

Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 LEAD BORROWER 
 
 BARNES & NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. , a Delaware corporation 
 
 By s Michael P. Huseby 
 Name Michael P. Huseby 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 
 
 BORROWERS 
 
 B&N EDUCATION, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 BARNES & NOBLE COLLEGE BOOKSELLERS, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 BNED DIGITAL HOLDINGS, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 BNED LOUDCLOUD, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 BNED MBS HOLDINGS, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company (f k a Morocco Holdings, LLC) 
 MBS AUTOMATION LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 MBS DIRECT, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 MBS INTERNET, LL C, a Delaware limited liability company 
 MBS SERVICE COMPANY LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 MBS TEXTBOOK EXCHANGE, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 TEXTBOOKCENTER LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 TXTB.COM, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 
 By s Michael P. Huseby 
 Name Michael P. Huseby 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 
 Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 

ANNEX I 
 
 Amended Credit Agreement 
 
 See attached. 

NOTE THIS CONFORMED COPY IS FOR INFORMATIONAL REFERENCE PURPOSES ONLY. PLEASE REFER BACK TO THE EXECUTED CREDIT AGREEMENT AND ANY AMENDMENTS THERETO IN ORDER TO DETERMINE THE LEGAL RIGHTS OBLIGATIONS OF ANY PERSON. 

Annex A to 
 Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement 

CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 Dated as of August 3, 2015 
 as amended by the First Amendment as of February 27, 2017 and 
 as further amended by the Second Amendment as of March 1, 2019 and 
 as further amended by the Third Amendment as of March 31, 2021 and 
 as further amended by the Fourth Amendment as of March 7, 2022 and 
 as further amended by the Fifth Amendment as of June 7, 2022 and 
 as further amended by the Sixth Amendment as of March 8, 2023 and 
 as further amended by the Seventh Amendment as of May 24, 2023 and 
 as further amended by the Eighth Amendment as of July 28, 2023 
 
 among 
 
 BARNES & NOBLE EDUCATION, INC., 
 as the Lead Borrower, 
 
 The Other Borrowers From Time to Time Party Hereto, 
 The Guarantors From Time to Time Party Hereto, 
 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. , 
 as Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent and 
 Swing Line Lender, 
 The Other Lenders From Time to Time Party Hereto, 
 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
 WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION and 
 TRUIST BANK 
 as Co-Syndication Agents, 
 
 CITIZENS BANK, N.A. and 
 REGIONS BANK, 
 as Co-Documentation Agents, 
 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. , 
 WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, and 
 TRUIST SECURITIES 
 as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Book Runners 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Section Page 

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 1 
 1.01 Defined Terms 1 
 1.02 Other Interpretive Provisions 59 65 
 1.03 Accounting Terms 60 66 
 1.04 Rounding 60 67 
 1.05 Times of Day Interest Rates 60 67 
 1.06 Letter of Credit Amounts 61 67 
 1.07 Ratio Adjustments for Acquisitions and Dispositions 61 67 
 1.08 Intentionally Omitted. 62 68 
 1.09 Notices Generally 62 68 
 ARTICLE II THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 62 68 
 2.01 Revolving Loans Reserves 62 68 
 2.02 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Committed Loans 63 69 
 2.03 Letters of Credit 65 72 
 2.04 Swing Line Loans 75 82 
 2.05 Prepayments 78 85 
 2.06 Termination or Reduction of Commitments 81 88 
 2.07 Repayment of Loans 82 88 
 2.08 Interest 82 89 
 2.09 Fees 82 89 
 2.10 Computation of Interest and Fees 83 90 
 2.11 Evidence of Debt 83 90 
 2.12 Payments Generally Administrative Agent s Clawback 84 91 
 2.13 Sharing of Payments by Lenders 86 94 
 2.14 Settlement Among Lenders 87 94 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Section Page 

 2.15 Increase in Revolving Credit Facility Commitments 88 96 
 2.16 Cash Collateral 90 98 
 2.17 Defaulting Lenders 92 99 
 2.18 FILO Facility 94 102 
 ARTICLE III TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY APPOINTMENT OF LEAD BORROWER 95 103 
 3.01 Taxes 95 103 
 3.02 Illegality 100 108 
 3.03 Inability to Determine Rates 101 108 
 3.04 Increased Costs 103 111 
 3.05 Compensation for Losses 104 112 
 3.06 Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders 105 113 
 3.07 Survival 105 113 
 3.08 Designation of Lead Borrower as Borrowers Agent 105 113 
 ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS 106 114 
 4.01 Conditions of Initial Credit Extension 106 114 
 4.02 Conditions to all Credit Extensions 109 117 
 ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 110 118 
 5.01 Existence, Qualification and Power 110 118 
 5.02 Authorization No Contravention 110 119 
 5.03 Governmental Authorization Other Consents 110 119 
 5.04 Binding Effect 111 119 
 5.05 Financial Statements No Material Adverse Effect 111 119 
 5.06 Litigation 112 120 
 5.07 No Default 112 120 
 5.08 Ownership of Property Liens 112 120 
 5.09 Intentionally Omitted. 112 121 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Section Page 

 5.10 Insurance 112 121 
 5.11 Taxes 112 121 
 5.12 ERISA Compliance 113 121 
 5.13 Subsidiaries Equity Interests 113 122 
 5.14 Margin Regulations Investment Company Act 113 122 
 5.15 Disclosure 114 123 
 5.16 Compliance with Laws 114 123 
 5.17 Intellectual Property Licenses, Etc 114 123 
 5.18 Labor Matters 115 123 
 5.19 Security Documents 115 124 
 5.20 Solvency 115 124 
 5.21 Deposit and Securities Accounts Credit Card Arrangements 116 124 
 5.22 Brokers 116 125 
 5.23 Customer and Trade Relations 116 125 
 5.24 Storage Locations 116 125 
 5.25 OFAC 116 125 
 5.26 Anti-Corruption Laws 116 125 
 5.27 Affected Financial Institutions 117 125 
 5.28 Covered Entity 117 125 
 5.29 CARES Act Tax Refund Claim 126 
 ARTICLE VI AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 117 126 
 6.01 Financial Statements 117 126 
 6.02 Certificates Other Information 118 127 
 6.03 Notices 121 130 
 6.04 Payment of Obligations 122 132 
 6.05 Preservation of Existence, Etc 122 132 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Section Page 

 6.06 Maintenance of Properties 123 132 
 6.07 Maintenance of Insurance 123 132 
 6.08 Compliance with Laws 124 134 
 6.09 Books and Records Accountants Corporate Separateness 124 134 
 6.10 Inspection Rights Consultants 125 134 
 6.11 Use of Proceeds 126 136 
 6.12 Additional Loan Parties Additional Collateral Further Assurances 127 136 
 6.13 Cash Management 128 138 
 6.14 Information Regarding the Collateral 131 140 
 6.15 Physical Inventories 131 141 
 6.16 Licensed Merchandise Account 132 141 
 6.17 Compliance with ERISA 132 141 
 6.18 Anti-Corruption Laws Sanctions 132 141 
 6.19 Specified Event Refinancing 132 Specified Liquidity Transaction 141 
 6.20 CRO 143 
 6.22 CARES Act Tax Refund Claim 145 
 ARTICLE VII NEGATIVE COVENANTS 134 145 
 7.01 Liens 134 145 
 7.02 Investments 136 148 
 7.03 Indebtedness Disqualified Stock 138 149 
 7.04 Fundamental Changes 139 150 
 7.05 Dispositions 139 151 
 7.06 Restricted Payments 141 152 
 7.07 Prepayments Payments of Indebtedness 141 152 
 7.08 Change in Nature of Business 142 153 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Section Page 

 7.09 Transactions with Affiliates 142 153 
 7.10 Burdensome Agreements 142 153 
 7.11 Use of Proceeds 143 154 
 7.12 Amendment of Organizational Documents, Material Indebtedness or Certain Contracts 143 154 
 7.13 Corporate Name Fiscal Year 143 154 
 7.14 Deposit Accounts Credit Card Processors 143 154 
 7.15 Financial Covenants 144 155 
 7.16 Variance Covenant 144 156 
 7.17 Sanctions 144 157 
 7.18 Anti-Corruption Laws 144 157 
 ARTICLE VIII EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 145 158 
 8.01 Events of Default 145 158 
 8.02 Remedies Upon Event of Default 147 160 
 8.03 Application of Proceeds 148 161 
 ARTICLE IX ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 150 163 
 9.01 Appointment and Authority 150 163 
 9.02 Rights as a Lender 150 164 
 9.03 Exculpatory Provisions 151 164 
 9.04 Reliance by Agents 152 165 
 9.05 Delegation of Duties 152 166 
 9.06 Resignation of Agents 152 166 
 9.07 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders 154 168 
 9.08 No Other Duties, Etc 155 168 
 9.09 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim 155 169 
 9.10 Collateral and Guaranty Matters 155 169 
 9.11 Notice of Transfer 156 170 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Section Page 

 9.12 Reports and Financial Statements 156 170 
 9.13 Agency for Perfection 157 171 
 9.14 Indemnification of Agents 157 171 
 9.15 Relation among Lenders 158 172 
 9.16 Recovery of Erroneous Payments 158 172 
 9.17 Certain ERISA Matters 159 172 
 9.18 Appointment for Perfection 160 174 
 ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS 160 174 
 10.01 Amendments, Etc 160 174 
 10.02 Notices Effectiveness Electronic Communications 162 176 
 10.03 No Waiver Cumulative Remedies Enforcement 164 178 
 10.04 Expenses Indemnity Damage Waiver 165 179 
 10.05 Payments Set Aside 167 181 
 10.06 Successors and Assigns 167 181 
 10.07 Treatment of Certain Information Confidentiality 172 186 
 10.08 Right of Setoff 173 187 
 10.09 Interest Rate Limitation 174 188 
 10.10 Counterparts Integration Effectiveness Electronic Signatures 174 188 
 10.11 Survival 175 190 
 10.12 Severability 176 190 
 10.13 Replacement of Lenders 176 190 
 10.14 Governing Law Jurisdiction Etc 177 191 
 10.15 Waiver of Jury Trial 178 192 
 10.16 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 178 193 
 10.17 USA PATRIOT Act Notice 179 194 
 10.18 Foreign Assets Control Regulations 179 194 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Section Page 

 10.19 Time of the Essence 179 194 
 10.20 Press Releases 179 194 
 10.21 Additional Waivers Keepwell 180 194 
 10.22 No Strict Construction 182 197 
 10.23 Attachments 182 197 
 10.24 Copies and Facsimiles 182 197 
 10.25 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions 182 197 
 ARTICLE XI GUARANTY 183 198 
 11.01 Guaranty 183 198 
 11.02 Guaranty of Payment 183 198 
 11.03 No Discharge or Diminishment of Facility Guaranty 183 198 
 11.04 Defenses Waived 184 199 
 11.05 Rights of Subrogation 184 199 
 11.06 Reinstatement Stay of Acceleration 185 200 
 11.07 Information 185 200 
 11.08 Intentionally Omitted. 185 200 
 11.09 Maximum Liability 185 200 
 11.10 Contribution 186 200 
 11.11 Liability Cumulative 186 201 
 11.12 Release of Guarantors and Borrowers 186 Reserved 201 
 11.13 Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 187 201 
 11.14 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 187 202 

SCHEDULES 
 1.01 Borrowers 
 1.03 Immaterial Subsidiaries 
 1.04 Existing Letters of Credit 
 1.05 CARES Act Tax Refund Claim 
 2.01 Commitments and Applicable Percentages 
 5.01 Loan Parties Organizational Information 
 5.06 Litigation 
 5.10 Insurance 
 5.12 ERISA Events 
 5.13 Subsidiaries Equity Interests 
 5.18 Collective Bargaining Agreements 
 5.21(a) DDAs 
 5.21(b) Credit Card Arrangements 
 5.21(c) Securities Accounts 
 7.01 Other Permitted Liens 
 7.02 Other Permitted Investments 
 7.03 Other Permitted Indebtedness 
 10.02 Administrative Agent s Office Certain Addresses for Notices 
 
 EXHIBITS Form of 
 A-1 Committed Loan Notice 
 A-2 Reserved 
 A-3 Committed Loan Notice (FILO Facility) 
 B Swing Line Loan Notice 
 C-1 Committed Loan Note 
 C-2 Swing Line Note 

C-3 FILO Note 
 D Compliance Certificate 
 E Assignment and Assumption 
 F Borrowing Base Certificate 
 G Security Agreement 
 H Collateral Access Agreement 
 I Joinder Agreement 
 J DDA Notification 
 K Credit Card Notification 
 L Blocked Account Agreement 
 M General Notice 
 N-1-4 Tax Compliance Certificates 

CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 This CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Agreement is entered into as of August 3, 2015, among BARNES & NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. , a Delaware corporation (the Lead Borrower ), the Persons signatory hereto as borrowers and named on Schedule 1.01 hereto (collectively, together with the Lead Borrower and such other Persons as may be joined as a borrower from time to time in accordance herewith, the Borrowers ), each lender from time to time party hereto (collectively, the Lenders ), BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. , as Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent and Swing Line Lender, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , and TRUIST BANK, as Co-Syndication Agents, and CITIZENS BANK, N.A. and REGIONS BANK , as Co-Documentation Agents. 
 The Borrowers have requested that the Lenders provide a revolving credit facility, and the Lenders have indicated their willingness to lend and the LC Issuers have indicated their willingness to issue Letters of Credit, in each case on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows 
 DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 
 Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below 
 Accommodation Payment as defined in Section 10.21(d) . 
 Account means accounts as defined in the UCC, and also means, without limitation, a right to payment of a monetary obligation, whether or not earned by performance, (a) for property that has been or is to be sold, leased, licensed, assigned, or otherwise disposed of, (b) for services rendered or to be rendered, or (c) arising out of the use of a credit, debit or charge card or information contained on or for use with the card, including all payment intangibles (as defined in the UCC) consisting of amounts owing from credit card and debit card issuers and processors and all rights under contracts relating to the creation or collection of such payment intangibles. 
 Accounts Receivable Advance Rate means, with respect to the Borrowing Base, eighty-five percent (85.0 (the Initial Accounts Receivable Advance Rate ), provided that the Initial Accounts Receivable Advance Rate shall be immediately and automatically reduced by (i) 500 1000 basis points on September 1, 2023 and (ii) 500 basis points on September 29, 2023 (which reduction in the Initial Accounts Receivable Advance Rate pursuant to this clause (ii) shall be in addition to any prior reduction thereof pursuant to the preceding clause (i)). 2, 2024. 
 Accommodation Period means the period commencing on (a) April 1, 2024 and (b) ending on the earlier to occur of (i) July 31, 2024 and (ii) the occurrence of any Event of Default (it being understood and agreed that if as of April 1, 2024 an Event of Default shall have occurred and is continuing, no Accommodation Period shall be deemed to ever commence for purposes of this Agreement). 
 Accommodation Limitation means that (a) the inclusion of the Tax Refund Advance Amount in the determination of the Borrowing Base and (b) the aggregate amount of Covenant Reduction Amount, at any time during the Accommodation Period (when taken together) shall not result in Availability being greater than 5,000,000 above the minimum Availability required to be maintained pursuant to Section 7.15(a). 
 1 
 11238955v22 11516251 

ACH means automated clearing house transfers. 
 Acquired Companies means MBS Textbook Exchange, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, MBS Direct, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, TXTB.COM LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, TextbookCenter LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, MBS Internet, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, MBS Automation LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and MBS Service Company LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Acquisition means, with respect to any Person (a) the purchase of a Controlling interest in the Equity Interests of any other Person, (b) a purchase or other acquisition of all or substantially all of the assets or properties of another Person or of any business unit or line of business of another Person (other than acquisitions or openings of new stores in the ordinary course of business), (c) any Material Store Acquisition or (d) any merger or consolidation of such Person with any other Person or other transaction or series of transactions resulting in the acquisition of all or substantially all of the assets, or a Controlling interest in the Equity Interests, of any Person. 
 Actual Cash Receipts means the amount of all cash proceeds from ordinary course operations actually received by the Loan Parties (other than the MBS Entities) during the relevant period of determination, as determined in a manner consistent with the line items contained in the Approved Budget under the heading Total Receipts (or words of similar import) , excluding proceeds of any Indebtedness. 
 Actual Disbursement Amounts means the amount of all disbursements actually paid by the Loan Parties (other than the MBS Entities) during the relevant period of determination, as determined in a manner consistent with the line items contained in the Approved Budget under the heading Total Operating Disbursements (or words of similar import) . 
 Actual Inventory Receipts means the sum of all inventory receipts actually received by the Loan Parties during the relevant period of determination, as determined in a manner consistent with the Approved Budget (including the Borrowing Base detail thereunder) . 
 Actual Net Cash Flow means the actual net cash flow of the Loan Parties as of the relevant date of determination which corresponds to the budgeted net cash flow of the Loan Parties during the relevant period of determination, as determined in a manner consistent with the line items contained in the Approved Budget under the heading Net Cash Flow (or words of similar import) . 
 Additional Commitment Lender shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.15(c) . 
 Adjustment Date means, prior to the Third Amendment Effective Date, the first calendar day of each January, April, July and October of the Lead Borrower commencing with the first such day occurring after the Closing Date, and on after the Third Amendment Effective Date, the first calendar day occurring immediately after the last day of each Fiscal Quarter of the Lead Borrower. 
 Administrative Agent means Bank of America in its capacity as administrative agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor administrative agent. 
 Administrative Agent Consultant has the meaning specified in Section 6.10( d e . 
 2 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Administrative Agent s Office means the Administrative Agent s address and, as appropriate, account as set forth on Schedule 10.02 , or such other address or account as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify the Lead Borrower and the Lenders. 
 Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire for each Lender in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 
 Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. 
 Agent(s) means, individually, the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, and collectively means both of them. 
 Agent Parties shall have the meaning specified in Section 10.02(c) . 
 Aggregate Commitments means for all purposes under the Loan Documents, the Commitments of all the Revolving Lenders. The Aggregate Commitments as of the Sixth Amendment Effective Date, total 380,000,000. 
 Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments means the aggregate amount of all FILO Facility Commitments of all the FILO Lenders. The Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments as of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date total 40,000,000. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, unless otherwise earlier terminated in accordance herewith, the Aggregate FILO Commitments for the period (a) from the Second Amendment Effective Date through July 31, 2019, shall not exceed 100,000,000, (b) from August 1, 2019, through July 31, 2020, shall not exceed 75,000,000, (c) from August 1, 2020, through July 31, 2021, shall not exceed 50,000,000, (e) from and after August 1, 2021, through July 31, 2022, shall not exceed 40,000,000, and (f) thereafter, shall not exceed 0. 
 Aggregate Loan Cap means, at any time of determination, an amount equal to the lesser of (a) the Aggregate Commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility at such time plus the Aggregate FILO Commitments at such time and (b) the Borrowing Base plus the Total Outstandings under the FILO Facility at such time. 
 Agreement means this Credit Agreement. 
 Allocable Amount has the meaning specified in Section 10.21(d) . 
 Alternative Transactions Committee has the meaning specified in Section 6.21(a). 
 Applicable Commitment Fee Percentage means (a) with respect to the FILO Facility, at all times that no FILO Draw Period is in effect, 0.375 per annum, and (b) with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility, the applicable percentage set forth in the grid below determined on the Closing Date and, thereafter, on the first calendar day of each January, April, July and October of each year, in each case based upon the Average Usage for the most recently completed prior Fiscal Quarter 
 3 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Commitments 
 Average Usage 
 Applicable Commitment Fee Percentage 
 Less than 50.0 of the Aggregate Commitments 
 0.375 
 Equal to or greater than 50.0 of the Aggregate Commitments 
 0.250 

Applicable FILO Availability Threshold means (a) with respect to any FILO Draw Period commencing in or prior to 2019, 100,000,000, (b) with respect to any FILO Draw Period commencing in 2020, 90,000,000, (c) with respect to any FILO Draw Period commencing in 2021, 100,000,000, and (d) with respect to any FILO Draw Period commencing in or after 2022, 110,000,000. 
 
 Applicable Margin means, (a) with respect to Credit Extensions under the Revolving Credit Facility, from and after the Seventh Amendment Effective Date (i) in the case of any Term SOFR Loan, 3.75 per annum and (ii) in the case of any Base Rate Loan, 2.75 per annum and (b) with respect to Credit Extensions under the FILO Facility (if any), the percentages per annum as may be agreed from time to time by the Borrowers and the Lenders providing such FILO Facility. 
 Applicable Percentage means with respect to any Lender at any time, the percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) of the Aggregate Commitments or Aggregate FILO Commitments, as the context may require, represented by such Lender s Commitment at such time, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2.17 . If the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and the obligation of the LC Issuers to make LC Credit Extensions have been terminated pursuant to Section 8.02 or if the Aggregate Commitments or Aggregate FILO Commitments have expired, then the Applicable Percentage of each such Lender shall be determined based on the Applicable Percentage of such Lender most recently in effect, giving effect to any subsequent assignments. The Applicable Percentage of each Lender as of the Sixth Amendment Effective Date is set forth opposite the name of such Lender on Schedule 2.01 to the Sixth Amendment or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable. 
 Applicable Rate means, at any time of calculation, a per annum rate equal to the Applicable Margin for any Loans which are Term SOFR Loans with respect to Credit Extensions. 
 Appraisal Percentage means, with respect to the Borrowing Base, ninety percent (90.0 (the Initial Appraisal Percentage ), provided that the Initial Appraisal Percentage shall be immediately and automatically reduced by (i) 500 1000 basis points on September 1, 2023 and (ii) 500 basis points on September 29, 2023 (which reduction in the Initial Appraisal Percentage pursuant to this clause (ii) shall be in addition to any prior reduction thereof pursuant to the preceding clause (i)) 2, 2024 . 
 Approved Budget shall initially mean the Sixth Amendment Cash Flow Forecast and thereafter shall mean, as of any date of determination, the most recently delivered Approved Budget Update. 
 Approved Budget Update means an update to the Approved Budget then in effect pursuant to Section 6.02(b) for the 13-week period commencing as of the Saturday of such week, 
 4 
 11238955v22 11516251 

which (i) shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, (ii) shall roll forward the most recent Approved Budget, which may re-forecast any prospective periods (it being understood that historical periods shall not be re-forecasted for purposes of the applicable Approved Budget Variance Report) only add projections for the last week of the 13-week period covered thereby and shall not modify any prior periods such forecasting to be prepared in good faith upon assumptions believed by the Lead Borrowers to be reasonable in light of circumstances ), and (iii) shall not be effective until approved by the Administrative Agent in its discretion. 
 Approved Budget Variance Report means a weekly report, prepared by the Lead Borrower (after consultation with the Borrower Consultant CRO and provided by the Lead Borrower to the Administrative Agent, and as certified by Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower as being true, correct and complete in all material respects (a) showing by line item Actual Cash Receipts, Actual Disbursement Amounts, Actual Inventory Receipts , and Actual Net Cash Flow (including the Borrowing Base detail thereunder) , as applicable, as of the last day of the Prior Week or the Cumulative Four-Week Period then ended, noting therein all variances, on a line-item basis, from amounts the Budgeted Cash Receipts, Budgeted Inventory Receipts, Budgeted Disbursement Amounts and Budgeted Net Cash Flow set forth for such period in the Approved Budget for, as applicable, such Prior Week or Cumulative Four-Week Period, and shall include explanations for all material variances, together with back-up schedules and supporting information as reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent and (b) reflecting the variance percentages and amounts to determine compliance with Section 7.16 hereof, if applicable. The Approved Budget Variance Report shall be in a form, and shall contain supporting information, reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. Each Approved Budget Variance Report shall be accompanied by an accounts payable aging and account payable listing, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in is reasonable discretion. 
 
 Arranger(s) means, individually, Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, and Truist Securities, and collectively, all of them, in each case, in their capacity as Joint Lead Arrangers. 
 Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 10.06(b)) , and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit E or any other form (including electronic documentation generated by use of an electronic platform) approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Attributable Indebtedness means, on any date, (a) in respect of any Capital Lease Obligation of any Person, the capitalized amount thereof that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP, and (b) in respect of any Synthetic Lease Obligation, the capitalized amount of the remaining lease or similar payments under the relevant lease or other applicable agreement or instrument that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP if such lease, agreement or instrument were accounted for as a capital lease. 
 Audited Financial Statements means (i) the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended May 2, 2015, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, Shareholders Equity and cash flows for such fiscal year of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including the notes thereto, and (ii) the audited financial statements delivered to the Administrative Agent from time to time pursuant to Section 6.01(a) . 
 Auto-Extension Letter of Credit shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.03(b)(iii) . 
 5 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Availability means as of any date of determination an amount equal to (a) with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility, the greater of (i)(A) the Loan Cap as of such date minus (B) Total Outstandings under the Revolving Credit Facility as of such date and (ii) zero, and (b) with respect to both Facilities, the greater of (i)(A) the Aggregate Loan Cap as of such date minus (B) Total Outstandings under both Facilities as of such date and (ii) zero. 
 Availability Event means the failure of the Borrowers to maintain Availability at least equal to the greater of (a) twelve and one-half percent (12.50 of the Loan Cap or (b) 35,000,000 and such failure shall continue for a period of five (5) or more consecutive Business Days. 
 Availability Period means the period from and including the Closing Date to the earliest of (a) the Maturity Date, (b) the date of termination of the Aggregate Commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility in full pursuant to Section 2.06 , and (c) the date of termination of the Commitment of each Lender to make Loans and of the obligation of the LC Issuers to make LC Credit Extensions pursuant to Section 8.02 . 
 Availability Reserves means, without duplication of any other Reserves or items that are otherwise addressed or excluded through eligibility criteria, such reserves as the Administrative Agent from time to time determines in its Permitted Discretion as being appropriate (a) to reflect the impediments to the Agents ability to realize upon the Collateral, (b) to reflect claims and liabilities that the Administrative Agent determines in its Permitted Discretion will need to be satisfied in connection with the realization upon the Collateral (which, for the avoidance of any doubt, include the amount of all such claims and liabilities (including costs, expenses and professional fees and expenses) that may be incurred in connection with any insolvency or restructuring proceeding relating to the Loan Parties (as reasonably estimated by the Agents in their Permitted Discretion)) or (c) to reflect criteria, events, conditions, contingencies or risks which adversely affect any component of the Borrowing Base. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Availability Reserves may include, in the Administrative Agent s Permitted Discretion, (but are not limited to) reserves based on (i) rent (ii) customs duties, and other costs to release Inventory that is (A) included in the Borrowing Base and (B) being imported into the United States (iii) outstanding Taxes and other governmental charges, including, without limitation, ad valorem, real estate, personal property, sales, and other Taxes, in each case which may have priority over the interests of the Collateral Agent in the Collateral (iv) salaries, wages and benefits due to employees of any Borrower, (v) Customer Credit Liabilities, (vi) warehousemen s or bailee s charges and other Permitted Encumbrances which may have priority over the interests of the Collateral Agent in the Collateral (other than Excluded Assets), (vii) Cash Management Reserves, and (viii) Bank Products Reserves. 
 Average Daily Availability means, as of any date of determination, the average daily Availability for the immediately preceding Fiscal Quarter. 
 Average Usage means, as of any date of determination, the average daily balance of all Credit Extensions (excluding Swing Line Loans and FILO Loans) in the immediately preceding Fiscal Quarter. 
 B&N Parties means Barnes & Noble and all of its Subsidiaries immediately after giving effect to the Spin-Off (which, for the avoidance of doubt, excludes the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries). 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 6 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Bail-In Legislation means, (a)with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014 59 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, rule, regulation or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 Bank of America means Bank of America, N.A. and its successors. 
 Bank Products means any Swap Contracts provided to any Loan Party by a Lender or any of its Affiliates. 
 Bank Products Reserves means such reserves as the Administrative Agent from time to time determines in its Permitted Discretion as being appropriate to reflect the liabilities and obligations of the Loan Parties with respect to Bank Products then provided or outstanding. 
 Barnes & Noble means Barnes & Noble, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 Base Rate means for any day a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus 1 2 of 1.00 , (b) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by Bank of America as its prime rate, (c) Term SOFR plus 1.00 and (d) 1.00 . The prime rate is a rate set by Bank of America based upon various factors including Bank of America s costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate. Any change in such prime rate announced by Bank of America shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of such change. If the Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 3.03 hereof, then the Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a), (b) and (d) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. 
 Base Rate Loan means a Loan that bears interest based on the Base Rate. 
 Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning specified in Section 11.14(b) . 
 Blocked Account has the meaning provided in Section 6.13(a)(iv) . 
 Blocked Account Agreement means with respect to an account established by a Loan Party, an agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit L hereto or otherwise in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, establishing Control (as defined in the Security Agreement) of such account by the Collateral Agent and whereby the bank maintaining such account agrees, during any Cash Dominion Trigger Period, to comply only with the instructions originated by the Collateral Agent without the further consent of any Loan Party. 
 Blocked Account Bank means each bank with whom deposit accounts are maintained in which any funds of any of the Loan Parties from one or more DDAs are concentrated and with 
 7 
 11238955v22 11516251 

whom a Blocked Account Agreement has been, or is required to be, executed in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 BNCB means Barnes & Noble College Booksellers, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Borrower and Borrowers have the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. 
 Borrower Consultant has the meaning specified in Section 6.10(c) . 
 Borrower Materials has the meaning specified in Section 6.02 . 
 Borrowing means a Committed Borrowing or a Swing Line Borrowing, as the context may require. 
 Borrowing Base means, at any time of calculation, an amount equal to 
 (a) the face amount of Eligible Credit Card Receivables multiplied by the Credit Card Receivables Advance Rate 
 plus 
 (b) the face amount of Eligible Accounts Receivables (net of Receivables Reserves applicable thereto) multiplied by the Accounts Receivable Advance Rate 
 plus 
 (c) the Net Orderly Liquidation Value of the Borrower s Eligible Inventory, net of Inventory Reserves not already reflected in Net Orderly Liquidation Value, multiplied by the Appraisal Percentage, including the Net Orderly Liquidation Value of Eligible Rental Inventory provided , that Availability generated by Eligible Rental Inventory as of any date of calculation of the Borrowing Base shall not exceed the greater of (i) the lesser of (A) 50,000,000 and (B) thirty percent (30.0 of the Borrowing Base as of such time, and (ii) fifteen percent (15.0 of the Borrowing Base at such time 
 plus 
 (d) the Tax Refund Advance Amount 
 minus 
 (d) without duplication of any Reserves applied in clauses (a) c d above, any FILO Reserve and all other then-existing Availability Reserves. 
 The Borrowing Base at any time shall be determined by reference to the most recent Borrowing Base Certificate delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 6.02(b), and adjusted to give effect to any Reserves implemented or modified following such delivery and or any reductions in advance rates following such delivery. 
 Borrowing Base Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F hereto (with such changes therein as may be reasonably required by the Administrative Agent to reflect the components of and reserves against the Borrowing Base as provided for hereunder from time to time), executed and certified as accurate and complete by a Responsible Officer of 
 8 
 11238955v22 11516251 

the Lead Borrower which shall include appropriate exhibits, schedules, supporting documentation, and additional reports as reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent. 
 Bridge Loan Period means the period from June 7, 2022 until the date that all Secured Obligations are Fully Satisfied. 
 Budgeted Cash Receipts means the line items contained in the Approved Budget under the heading Total Receipts (or words of similar import) during the relevant period of determination as set forth in the Approved Budget (excluding amounts in respect of the MBS Entities). 
 Budgeted Inventory Receipts means the line items contained in the Approved Budget under the heading Merchandise received at Store (or words of similar import) in the Borrowing Base detail thereunder during the relevant period of determination as set forth in the Approved Budget. 
 Budgeted Disbursement Amounts means the line items contained in the Approved Budget under the heading Total Operating Disbursements (or words of similar import) during the relevant period of determination as set forth in the Approved Budget (excluding amounts in respect of the MBS Entities) . 
 Budgeted Net Cash Flow means the line items contained in the Approved Budget under the heading Net Cash Flow (or words of similar import) during the relevant period of determination as set forth in the Approved Budget. 
 Business means any and all business engaged in by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof on the date hereof and any other business reasonably related, incidental or complimentary thereto. 
 Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the Laws of, or are in fact closed in, the state where the Administrative Agent s Office is located or in New York, New York. 
 Buy-Back Standstill Period means, with respect to any Loan Party, the period during which (a) the Cash Dominion Trigger Period has occurred and is continuing, (b) the Borrowers have maintained Availability equal to or greater than twelve and one half percent (12.5 of the Aggregate Loan Cap at all times and (c) such Loan Party is engaged in Permitted Buy-Back Programs provided, however, notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, a Buy-Back Standstill Period shall not be in effect at any time from and after the Sixth Amendment Effective Date. 
 Buy-Back Trigger Period means all times from and after the Sixth Amendment Effective Date. For the avoidance of doubt, the existence of a Buy-Back Trigger Period (other than as a result of an Event of Default) shall not, in and of itself, impair the right of the Borrowers to borrow Committed Loans in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof. 
 Buy-Back Trigger Period Accounts has the meaning specified in Section 6.13(e) . 
 Capital Expenditures means, with respect to any Person for any period, (a) all expenditures made (whether made in the form of cash or other property) or costs incurred for the acquisition or improvement of fixed or capital assets of such Person (excluding normal replacements and maintenance which are properly charged to current operations), in each case that are (or should be) set forth as capital expenditures in a consolidated statement of cash flows of such Person for such period, in each case prepared in accordance with GAAP, and (b) Capital 
 9 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Lease Obligations incurred by a Person during such period, provided , however , that Capital Expenditures for the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall not include 
 (i) expenditures to the extent they are made with proceeds of the issuance of Equity Interests of the Lead Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, 
 (ii) expenditures with proceeds of insurance settlements, condemnation awards and other settlements in respect of lost, destroyed, damaged or condemned assets, equipment or other property to the extent such proceeds are not otherwise used or required to be used to prepay the Obligations or Cash Collateralize the outstanding LC Obligations pursuant to the terms hereunder, 
 (iii) expenditures that are accounted for as capital expenditures of the Lead Borrower or any Subsidiary that are actually paid for by other third party, including tenant allowances under leases and other amounts paid by landlords, and for which neither the Lead Borrower nor any Subsidiary has provided or is required to provide or incur, directly or indirectly, any consideration or obligation to such third party or any other Person (whether before, during or after such period), 
 (iv) the book value of any asset owned by the Lead Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries prior to or during such period to the extent that such book value is included as a capital expenditure during such period as a result of the Lead Borrower or such Subsidiary reusing or beginning to reuse such asset during such period without a corresponding expenditure actually having been made in such period, and 
 (v) the purchase price of equipment purchased during such period to the extent the consideration therefor consists of any combination of (i) used or surplus equipment traded in at the time of such purchase and (ii) the proceeds of a concurrent sale of used or surplus equipment, in each case, in the ordinary course of business, to the extent such proceeds are not otherwise used or required to be used to prepay the Obligations or Cash Collateralize the outstanding LC Obligations pursuant to the terms hereunder. 
 Capital Lease Obligations means, with respect to any Person for any period, the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as liabilities on a consolidated balance sheet of such Person under GAAP and the amount of which obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 CARES Act Tax Refund Claim means, at any time of determination, the aggregate amount of refund claims of one or more of the Loan Parties resulting from (a) the application of 2019 Fiscal Year tax credits and net operating loss carrybacks to the taxable year ending January 31 of 2019 as permitted pursuant to the Code and (b) any claims for refunds of alternative minimum tax related to such net operating loss carrybacks, in each case, as further described on Schedule 1.05. 
 CARES Act Tax Refund Proceeds means cash proceeds actually received by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary in respect of the CARES Act Tax Refund Claim. 
 Cash Collateralize means to pledge and deposit with or deliver to the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of one or more of the Credit Parties, as collateral for LC Obligations or obligations of the Lenders to fund participations in respect of LC Obligations or as security for any other payment of the Secured Obligations and pursuant to documentation in 
 10 
 11238955v22 11516251 

form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, in an amount equal to the Minimum Collateral Amount. Cash Collateralization and Cash Collateral have a correlative meaning. 
 Cash Dominion Trigger Event means (a) the occurrence of an Event of Default, (b) the occurrence of an Availability Event or (c) the occurrence of the Sixth Amendment Effective Date. 
 Cash Dominion Trigger Period means the period beginning upon the occurrence of a Cash Dominion Trigger Event and ending on (a) if such Cash Dominion Trigger Event arises as a result of an Event of Default, the date such Event of Default is waived in accordance with this Agreement, (b) if such Cash Dominion Trigger Event arises as a result of an Availability Event, the date Availability has equaled or exceeded the greater of (i) twelve and one half percent (12.5 of the Loan Cap or (ii) 35,000,000 for a period of thirty (30) consecutive calendar days, or (c) if such Cash Dominion Trigger Event arises as a result of the occurrence of the Sixth Amendment Effective Date, the date that all Secured Obligations are Fully Satisfied provided , however , that if any Cash Dominion Trigger Event shall have occurred and the resulting Cash Dominion Trigger Period ended for any reason hereunder on five (5) occasions, the Cash Dominion Trigger Period for any subsequent (sixth) Cash Dominion Trigger Event shall be unlimited in duration and such Cash Dominion Trigger Period shall continue for the remainder of the term of this Agreement. 
 Cash Management Reserves means such reserves as the Administrative Agent, from time to time, determines in its Permitted Discretion as being appropriate to reflect the reasonably anticipated liabilities and obligations of the Loan Parties with respect to Cash Management Services then provided or outstanding. 
 Cash Management Services means any one or more of the following types or services or facilities provided to any Loan Party by a Lender or any of its Affiliates (a) ACH transactions, (b) cash management services, including, without limitation, controlled disbursement services (including e-payables), treasury, depository, overdraft, and electronic funds transfer services, (c) foreign exchange facilities, (d) supply chain finance and (e) credit cards, debit cards, payroll cards, store value cards and purchasing cards (including purchasing cards provided pursuant to agreements entered into from time to time between the Lead Borrower and any Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender) and related processing services. 
 CFC means a Person that is a controlled foreign corporation under Section 957 of the Code. 
 Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority provided , that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in the implementation thereof and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law , regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. 
 Change of Control means an event or series of events by which 
 11 
 11238955v22 11516251 

(a) any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, but excluding any employee benefit plan of such person or its subsidiaries, and any person or entity acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan) (other than Leonard Riggio, his spouse, his lineal descendants, and trusts for the exclusive benefit of any such individuals or the executor or administrator of the estate or the legal representative of any of such individuals or any entity controlled by them) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except that a person or group shall be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such person or group has the right to acquire, whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time (such right, an option right )), directly or indirectly, of 40.0 or more of the Equity Interests of the Lead Borrower entitled to vote for members of the board of directors or equivalent governing body of the Lead Borrower on a fully-diluted basis (including taking into account all such Equity Interests that such person or group has the right to acquire pursuant to any option right) or 
 (b) any change in control or similar event as defined in any document governing the Permitted Senior Debt or 
 (c) the Lead Borrower ceases to own, directly or indirectly, 100 of the Equity Interests of any Loan Party, except where such failure is as a result of a transaction expressly permitted, or otherwise not prohibited, by the Loan Documents. 
 Closing Date means the first date all the conditions precedent in Section 4.01 are satisfied or waived in accordance with Section 10.01 . 
 CME means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited. 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and the regulations promulgated thereunder, as amended and in effect. 
 Co-Documentation Agent means each of the co-documentation agents identified on the cover page of this Agreement. 
 Collateral means any and all Collateral as defined in any applicable Security Document and all other property that is or is intended under the terms of the Security Documents to be subject to Liens in favor of the Collateral Agent. 
 Collateral Access Agreement means an agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit H hereto or such other form as agreed to by the Collateral Agent in its Permitted Discretion and in each case otherwise reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Agents executed by (a) a bailee or other Person in possession of Collateral, and (b) a landlord of Real Estate leased by any Loan Party, in each case, including provisions pursuant to which such Person (i) acknowledges the Collateral Agent s Lien on the Collateral, (ii) releases or subordinates such Person s Liens, if any, in the Collateral held by such Person or located on such Real Estate, and (iii) as to any landlord, provides the Collateral Agent with access to the Collateral located in or on such Real Estate and a reasonable time to sell and dispose of the Collateral from such Real Estate. 
 Collateral Agent means Bank of America, acting in such capacity for its own benefit and the ratable benefit of the other Credit Parties. 
 Collateral License has the meaning provided for such term in the Security Agreement. 
 12 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Commercial Letter of Credit means any letter of credit or similar instrument (excluding bankers acceptances) issued for the purpose of providing the primary payment mechanism in connection with the purchase of any materials, goods or services by the Lead Borrower or any other Loan Party in the ordinary course of business of such Person. 
 Commitment means, as to each Lender, its obligation to (a) make Committed Loans to the Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.01(a) , (b) purchase participations in LC Obligations, (c) make FILO Loans to the Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.18 , and or (d) purchase participations in Swing Line Loans, in each case to the extent applicable to such Lender, in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 2.01 or in any Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. 
 Commitment Increase shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.15(d) . 
 Committed Borrowing means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Committed Loans of the same Type and, in the case of Term SOFR Loans, having the same Interest Period made by each of the Revolving Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01(a) or by each of the FILO Lenders pursuant to Section 2.18 , as the case may be. 
 Committed Loan means the collective reference to FILO Loans and Revolving Loans, or any of them, as the context may require. 
 Committed Loan Notice means a notice of a (a) Committed Borrowing, (b) a conversion of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, or (c) a continuation of Term SOFR Loans, pursuant to Section 2.02(a) or Section 2.18 which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A-1 or Exhibit A-3 , or such other form as may be approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. 
 Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq .), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. 
 Communication has the meaning specified in Section 10.10 . 
 Compliance Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit D . 
 Concentration Account has the meaning provided in Section 6.13(c) . 
 Confirmation Agreement means that certain Confirmation, Ratification and Acknowledgement of Ancillary Loan Documents, dated as of the Sixth Amendment Effective Date, among the Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent. 
 Conforming Changes means, with respect to the use, administration of or any conventions associated with SOFR or any proposed Successor Rate or Term SOFR, as applicable, any conforming changes to the definitions of Base Rate , SOFR , Term SOFR and Interest Period , timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other technical, administrative or operational matters (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the definitions of Business Day and U.S. Government Securities Business Day , timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices and length of lookback periods) as may be appropriate, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, to reflect the adoption and implementation of such applicable rate(s) and to permit the administration thereof 
 13 
 11238955v22 11516251 

by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or that no market practice for the administration of such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent determines is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and any other Loan Document). 
 Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
 Consent means actual consent given by a Lender from whom such consent is sought. 
 Consolidated means, when used to modify a financial term, test, statement, or report of a Person, the application or preparation of such term, test, statement or report (as applicable) based upon the consolidation, in accordance with GAAP, of the financial condition or operating results of such Person and its Subsidiaries. 
 Consolidated Adjusted Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio means, at any date of determination for the purpose of determining whether a particular Restricted Payment or prepayment of Indebtedness (each a Subject Transaction may be consummated pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, the ratio of (a) Consolidated EBITDA for such period minus (i) Capital Expenditures (other than in connection with Permitted Acquisitions) made during such period minus (ii) the aggregate amount of Federal, state, local and foreign income taxes paid in cash or required to be paid in cash during such period to (b) the sum of (i) Debt Service Charges (including the prepayments of principal in the Subject Transaction) plus (ii) the aggregate amount of all Restricted Payments made in cash (including those made in the Subject Transaction and, if the Subject Transaction is a repurchase of equity interests, all repurchases related to such Subject Transaction that have previously been made as part of a single stock repurchase plan approved by the board of directors of the Lead Borrower, if any), in each case, of or by the Lead Borrower and the other Loan Parties for the most recently completed Measurement Period, all as determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 
 Consolidated EBITDA means, at any date of determination, an amount equal to Consolidated Net Income of the Lead Borrower and the other Loan Parties from continuing operations on a consolidated basis for the most recently completed Measurement Period, plus (a) the following to the extent deducted in calculating such Consolidated Net Income (i) Consolidated Interest Charges, (ii) the provision for Federal, state, local and foreign income Taxes (net of any tax credits), (iii) depreciation and amortization expense, (iv) other expenses or losses reducing such Consolidated Net Income which do not represent a cash item in such period (including LIFO reserves) or any future period, and (v) expenses deducted in such period resulting from the issuance of Equity Interests permitted hereunder, provided, that such expenses are and will be non-cash items in the period when taken and in all later fiscal periods and (vi) restructuring costs and expenses set forth in the projections delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders on or immediately prior to the Eighth Amendment Effective Date (in any event not to exceed the lesser of the actual amounts so incurred and the amounts set forth in such projections) , minus (b) all non-cash gains increasing Consolidated Net Income (in each case of or by the Lead Borrower and the other Loan Parties for such Measurement Period), all as determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP provided, that Consolidated EBITDA shall be calculated to exclude (1) the effects of purchase accounting and transaction bonuses, to the extent such bonuses offset the purchase price of the First Amendment Acquisition and (2) all gains or income arising from the Disposition of any capital asset, subsidiary, division, business or line of business. 
 14 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio means, at any date of determination, the ratio of (a) Consolidated EBITDA for such period minus (i) Capital Expenditures (other than in connection with Permitted Acquisitions) made during such period minus (ii) the aggregate amount of Federal, state, local and foreign income taxes paid in cash or required to be paid in cash during such period to (b) the sum of (i) Debt Service Charges plus (ii) the aggregate amount of all Restricted Payments made in cash, in each case, of or by the Lead Borrower and the other Loan Parties for the most recently completed Measurement Period, all as determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 
 Consolidated Interest Charges means, for any Measurement Period, the sum of (a) all interest, premium payments, debt discount, fees, charges and related expenses in connection with borrowed money (including capitalized interest) or in connection with the deferred purchase price of assets, in each case to the extent treated as interest in accordance with GAAP, including, without limitation, all commissions, discounts and other fees and charges owed with respect to letters of credit and bankers acceptance financing and net costs under Swap Contracts, but excluding any non-cash or deferred interest financing costs, and (b) the portion of rent expense with respect to such period under Capital Lease Obligations or Synthetic Lease Obligations that is treated as interest in accordance with GAAP, in each case of or by the Lead Borrower and the other Loan Parties for the most recently completed Measurement Period, all as determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 
 Consolidated Net Income means, as of any date of determination, the net income of the Lead Borrower and the other Loan Parties from continuing operations for the most recently completed Measurement Period, all as determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, provided , however, that there shall be excluded (a) extraordinary gains (or extraordinary losses) for such Measurement Period, (b) the income (or loss) of any Subsidiary during such Measurement Period in which any other Person has a joint interest, except to the extent of the amount of cash dividends or other distributions actually paid in cash by such Subsidiary during such period, (c) the income (or loss) of any Person during such Measurement Period and accrued prior to the date it becomes a Loan Party or is merged into or consolidated with a Loan Party or such Person s assets are acquired by a Loan Party, and (d) the income of any Loan Party to the extent that the declaration or payment of dividends or similar distributions by that Loan Party of that income is not at the time permitted by operation of the terms of its Organization Documents or any agreement, instrument, judgment, decree, order, statute, rule or governmental regulation applicable to that Loan Party. 
 Contingency Transition Plan has the meaning specified in the Transaction Committee Resolutions. 
 Contractual Obligation means, as to any Person, any provision of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. 
 Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 
 Cost means the lower of cost or market value of Inventory, based upon the Borrowers accounting practices, known to the Administrative Agent, which practices are in effect on the Closing Date as such calculated cost is determined from invoices received by the Borrowers and reported on the Borrowers stock ledger. Cost may include freight charges inbound either to the Borrowers distribution centers or by direct shipments to Stores in amounts consistent with reporting on the Borrowers stock ledgers but shall not include inventory capitalization costs or 
 15 
 11238955v22 11516251 

other non-purchase price charges (such as freight charges outbound from the Borrowers distributions centers) used in the Borrowers calculation of cost of goods sold. 
 Co-Syndication Agent means each of the co-syndication agents identified on the cover page of this Agreement. 
 Covenant Reduction Amount means an amount equal to (a) solely during the Accommodation Period consisting of April 1, 2024 through and including April 30, 2024, 7,500,000, (b) solely during the Accommodation Period consisting of May 1, 2024 through and including May 31, 2024, 2,500,000, and (c) at all other times, 0 (it being understood and agreed that the amounts set forth in the foregoing clauses (a) and (b) shall at all times be subject to the Accommodation Limitations). 
 Covered Entity means any of the following (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b) (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b) or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 
 Covered Party has the meaning specified in Section 11.14(a) . 
 Credit Card Notifications has the meaning provided in Section 6.13(a)(ii) . 
 Credit Card Receivables means each Account (as defined in the UCC) and Payment Intangible (as defined in the UCC) consisting of amounts owing from credit card and debit card issuers and processors, together with all income, payments and proceeds thereof, owed by a major credit card issuer (including, but not limited to, Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover and Pay Pal and such other issuers or credit card or bank account backed payment systems, as the case may be, approved by the Administrative Agent) to a Loan Party, and all rights under contracts relating to the creation or collection of such payment intangibles, resulting from charges by a customer of a Loan Party on credit cards or similar instruments issued by such issuer or payment system manager in connection with the sale of goods by a Loan Party, or services performed by a Loan Party, in each case in the ordinary course of its business. 
 Credit Card Receivables Advance Rate means, with respect the Borrowing Base, ninety percent (90.0 (the Initial Credit Card Receivables Advance Rate ), provided that the Initial Credit Card Receivables Advance Rate shall be immediately and automatically reduced by (i) 500 1000 basis points on September 1, 2023 and (ii) 500 basis points on September 29, 2023 (which reduction in the Initial Credit Card Receivables Advance Rate pursuant to this clause (ii) shall be in addition to any prior reduction thereof pursuant to the preceding clause (i)). 2, 2024. 
 
 Credit Extensions mean each of the following (a) a Borrowing and (b) an LC Credit Extension. 
 Credit Party or Credit Parties means (a) individually, (i) each Lender, (ii) each Lender and or any of its Affiliates in its capacity as a provider of any Bank Products or Cash Management Services, (iii) each Agent, (iv) each LC Issuer, (v) any other Person to whom Secured Obligations are owing, and (vi) the permitted successors and assigns of each of the foregoing, and (b) collectively, all of the foregoing. 
 Credit Party Expenses means, without limitation, (a) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Agents and their respective Affiliates, in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including without limitation (i) the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of (A) counsel for the Agents, (B) outside consultants (including, 
 16 
 11238955v22 11516251 

without limitation, the Administrative Agent Consultant), (C) appraisers, (D) commercial finance examiners, and (E) without duplication of any amounts reimbursed pursuant to the foregoing subclauses (i) (A) (D), all such reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of the Secured Obligations, (ii) in connection with (A) the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein, (B) the administration and management of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or the preparation, negotiation, execution and delivery of the Loan Documents or of any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated thereby shall be consummated), (C) the enforcement or protection of their rights in connection with this Agreement or the Loan Documents or efforts to preserve, protect, collect, or enforce the Collateral or in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws, or (D) without duplication of any amounts reimbursed pursuant to the foregoing subclause (ii)(C), any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of any Secured Obligations, (b) with respect to any LC Issuer, and its Affiliates, all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder and (c) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Credit Parties who are not the Agents, an LC Issuer or any Affiliate of any of them, after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, including, without limitation, in connection with any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of the Secured Obligations, or enforcement or protection of their rights or efforts to preserve, protect, collect, or enforce the Collateral or in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws, provided , that such Credit Parties shall be entitled to reimbursement for no more than one counsel representing all such Credit Parties (absent a conflict of interest in which case the Credit Parties may engage and be reimbursed for additional counsel). All Credit Party Expenses shall be payable on written demand therefor accompanied by reasonable documentation with respect to any reimbursement, indemnification or other amount requested. 
 CRO has the meaning specified in Section 6.20(a). 
 CRO Engagement Letter has the meaning specified in Section 6.20(b). 
 Cumulative Four-Week Period means the four-week period up to and through the most recent week then ended. 
 Customary Dispositions has the meaning specified in Section 7.05(c) . 
 Customer Credit Liabilities means at any time, the aggregate remaining value at such time of (a) outstanding merchandise credits, gift certificates and gift cards of the Borrowers entitling the holder thereof to use all or a portion of the credit, certificate or gift card to pay all or a portion of the purchase price for any Inventory, and (b) outstanding customer deposits of the Borrowers. 
 Daily Simple SOFR with respect to any applicable determination date means the SOFR published on such date on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York s website (or any successor source). 
 DDA means each checking, savings or other demand deposit account maintained by any of the Loan Parties. All funds in each DDA shall be presumed to be Collateral and proceeds of Collateral and the Agents and the Lenders shall have no duty to inquire as to the source of the amounts on deposit in any DDA, except to the extent otherwise expressly provided in any intercreditor agreement entered into in accordance herewith with respect to Permitted Senior Debt. 
 DDA Notification has the meaning provided therefor in Section 6.13(a)(i) . 
 17 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Debt Service Charges means for any Measurement Period, the sum of (a) Consolidated Interest Charges paid in cash or required to be paid in cash for such Measurement Period, plus (b) principal payments, other than Permitted Refinancings, made or required to be made on account of Indebtedness (excluding the Obligations but including, without limitation, Capital Lease Obligations) for such Measurement Period, in each case determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 
 Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally. 
 Default means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default. 
 Default Rate means (a) when used with respect to Obligations other than Letter of Credit Fees, an interest rate equal to (i) the Base Rate plus (ii) the Applicable Margin, if any, applicable to Base Rate Loans, plus (iii) two percent (2.0 per annum provided , however , that with respect to a Term SOFR Loan, the Default Rate shall be an interest rate equal to the interest rate (including any Applicable Margin) otherwise applicable to such Loan plus two percent (2.0 per annum, and (b) when used with respect to Letter of Credit Fees, a rate equal to the Applicable Rate for Letters of Credit, plus two percent (2.0 per annum. 
 Defaulting Lender means, subject to Section 2.17(d) , any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Loans within two Business Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s good faith determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or (ii) pay to the Administrative Agent, any LC Issuer, the Swing Line Lender or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder (including in respect of its participation in Letters of Credit or Swing Line Loans) within two Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Lead Borrower, the Administrative Agent, any LC Issuer or the Swing Line Lender in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender s obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Lead Borrower, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder provided , that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower), or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity or (iii) become the subject of a Bail-In Action provided , that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Equity Interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of 
 18 
 11238955v22 11516251 

attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above, and of the effective date of such status, shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.17(b) as of the date established therefor by the Administrative Agent in a written notice of such determination, which shall be delivered by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower, the LC Issuers, the Swing Line Lender and each other Lender promptly following such determination. 
 Default Right has the meaning specified in Section 11.14(b) . 
 Designated Jurisdiction means any country or territory to the extent that such country or territory itself is the subject of any comprehensive Sanction. 
 Disposition or Dispose means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition (including any sale and leaseback transaction and any sale, transfer, license or other disposition of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions and whether effect pursuant to a Division or otherwise) of any property (including, without limitation, any sale of any Equity Interests in another Person) by any Person (or the granting of any option or other right to do any of the foregoing), including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith. 
 Disqualified Stock means any Equity Interest that, by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible, or for which it is exchangeable, in each case at the option of the holder thereof), or upon the happening of any event, matures or is mandatorily redeemable, pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, or redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part, on or prior to the date that is one hundred twenty (120) days after the Maturity Date provided , however , that (i) only the portion of such Equity Interests which so matures or is mandatorily redeemable, is so convertible or exchangeable or is so redeemable at the option of the holder thereof prior to such date shall be deemed to be Disqualified Stock and (ii) with respect to any Equity Interests issued to any employee or to any plan for the benefit of employees of the Lead Borrower or any other Loan Party or by any such plan to such employees, such Equity Interest shall not constitute Disqualified Stock solely because it may be required to be repurchased by the Lead Borrower or any other Loan Party in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations or as a result of such employee s termination, resignation, death or disability and (iii) if any class of Equity Interest of such Person that by its terms authorizes such Person to satisfy its obligations thereunder by delivery of an Equity Interest that is not Disqualified Stock, such Equity Interests shall not be deemed to be Disqualified Stock. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, any Equity Interest that would constitute Disqualified Stock solely because the holders thereof have the right to require a Loan Party to repurchase such Equity Interest upon the occurrence of a change of control or an asset sale shall not constitute Disqualified Stock. The amount of Disqualified Stock deemed to be outstanding at any time for purposes of this Agreement will be the maximum amount that the Lead Borrower and the other Loan Parties may become obligated to pay upon maturity of, or pursuant to any mandatory redemption provisions of, such Disqualified Stock or portion thereof, plus accrued dividends. 
 Dividing Person has the meaning assigned to it in the definition of Division. 
 Division means the division of the assets, liabilities and or obligations of a Person (the Dividing Person among two or more Persons (whether pursuant to a plan of division or similar arrangement), which may or may not include the Dividing Person and pursuant to which the Dividing Person may or may not survive. 
 19 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Dollars and mean lawful money of the United States. 
 Domestic Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of any political subdivision of the United States. 
 E-Commerce Agreement means that certain E-Commerce Agreement, dated as of December 20, 2020, among Lead Borrower, Barnes & Noble College Booksellers, LLC, and MBS Textbook Exchange, LLC, and Fanatics, as in effect on the Third Amendment Effective Date and as it may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance herewith. 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a Subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 Eighth Amendment means that certain Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of July 28, 2023, among the Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto. 
 Eighth Amendment Effective Date means the Eighth Amendment Effective Date as defined in the Eighth Amendment. 
 Electronic Copy has the meaning specified in Section 10.10 . 
 Eligible Accounts Receivables means Accounts arising from the sale of a Borrower s Inventory (other than those consisting of Credit Card Receivables) or the rendition of services that satisfies the following criteria at the time of creation and continues to meet the same at the time of such determination such Account (i) has been earned by full performance and represents the bona fide amounts due to a Borrower from an account debtor, and in each case originated in the ordinary course of business of such Borrower, and (ii) is not ineligible for inclusion in the calculation of the Borrowing Base pursuant to any of clauses (a) through (r) below. Without limiting the foregoing, to qualify as an Eligible Accounts Receivable, an Account shall indicate no Person other than a Borrower as payee or remittance party. In determining the amount to be so included, the face amount of an Account shall be reduced by, without duplication, to the extent not reflected in such face amount, (i) the amount of all accrued and actual discounts, claims, credits or credits pending, promotional program allowances, price adjustments, finance charges or other allowances (including any amount that a Borrower may be obligated to rebate to a customer pursuant to the terms of any written agreement or understanding), and (ii) the aggregate amount of all cash received in respect of such Account but not yet applied by the Borrowers to reduce the amount of such Eligible Account Receivable. Any Accounts meeting the foregoing criteria shall be deemed Eligible Accounts Receivables but only as long as such Account is not included within any of the following categories, in which case such Account shall not constitute an Eligible Account Receivable 
 20 
 11238955v22 11516251 

(a) Accounts that are not evidenced by an invoice 
 (b) Accounts that have been outstanding for more than ninety (90) days from the invoice date or more than sixty (60) days past the due date 
 (c) Accounts due from any account debtor for which more than 50.0 of the Accounts owing from such account debtor and its Affiliates are ineligible under clause (b) above. 
 (d) Accounts with respect to which a Borrower does not have good, valid and marketable title thereto, free and clear of any Lien (other than Liens granted to the Collateral Agent pursuant to the Security Documents and other Permitted Encumbrances) or which are not subject to a first priority security interest in favor of the Collateral Agent 
 (e) Accounts which are disputed or with respect to which a claim, counterclaim, offset or chargeback has been asserted, but only to the extent of such dispute, counterclaim, offset or chargeback 
 (f) Accounts which arise out of any sale made not in the ordinary course of business, made on a basis other than upon credit terms usual to the business of the Borrowers or are not payable in Dollars 
 (g) Accounts which do not conform in all material respects to all representations, warranties or other provisions in the Loan Documents relating to Accounts 
 (h) Accounts which are owed by any Affiliate of a Loan Party or Accounts in excess of 500,000 owed by any employee of a Loan Party 
 (i) Accounts due from an account debtor which is the subject of any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, has had a trustee or receiver appointed for all or a substantial part of its property, has made an assignment for the benefit of creditors or has suspended its business 
 (j) Accounts due from any Governmental Authority other than (i) Accounts for which all consents, approvals or authorizations of, or registrations or declarations with, any Governmental Authority required to be obtained, effected or given in connection with the performance of such Account by the account debtor or in connection with the enforcement of such Account by the Agent, in each case, have been duly obtained, effected or given or are in full force and effect and (ii) Eligible State University Accounts 
 (k) Accounts (i) owing from any Person that is also a supplier to or creditor of a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries unless such Person has waived any right of setoff in a manner reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, (ii) representing any manufacturer s or supplier s credits, discounts, incentive plans or similar arrangements entitling a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries to discounts on future purchase therefrom or (iii) representing a progress billing 
 (l) Accounts arising out of sales on a bill-and-hold, guaranteed sale, sale-or-return, sale on approval or consignment basis or subject to any right of return, setoff or charge back 
 21 
 11238955v22 11516251 

(m) Accounts arising out of sales to account debtors outside the United States unless such Accounts are fully backed by an irrevocable letter of credit on terms, and issued by a financial institution, reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion 
 (n) Accounts evidenced by a promissory note or other instrument 
 (o) Accounts consisting of amounts due from vendors as rebates or allowances 
 (p) Accounts which are in excess of the credit limit for such account debtor established by the Loan Parties in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practices 
 (q) Accounts which include extended payment terms (datings) beyond those generally furnished to other account debtors in the ordinary course of business without the consent of the Administrative Agent or 
 (r) Accounts which the Administrative Agent determines in its Permitted Discretion to be unacceptable for inclusion in the Borrowing Base. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, Eligible Accounts Receivables shall include the Accounts of MBS Textbook Exchange, LLC, subject to the foregoing exclusions and to the extent such Accounts otherwise constitute Eligible Accounts Receivables. 
 Eligible Assignee means (a) a Credit Party or any of its Affiliates engaged in the ordinary course of its business in extending commercial loans (b) a bank, insurance company, or company engaged in the business of making commercial loans, which Person, together with its Affiliates, has a combined capital and surplus in excess of 500,000,000 (c) any Person to whom a Credit Party assigns its rights and obligations under this Agreement as part of an assignment and transfer of such Credit Party s rights in and to a material portion of such Credit Party s portfolio of asset based credit facilities, and (d) any other Person approved by (i) the Administrative Agent, the LC Issuer and the Swing Line Lender and (ii) unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Lead Borrower (each such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) provided , that notwithstanding the foregoing, Eligible Assignee shall not include (x) a Loan Party or any of the Loan Parties Affiliates or Subsidiaries or (y) a natural person. 
 Eligible CARES Act Tax Refund Claim means the CARES Act Tax Refund Claim (or portion thereof), fulfilling the following requirements 
 (a) the amount thereof as to which all actions necessary to establish a claim for such refund with the IRS has been completed, including, without limitation, the filing and or execution, as applicable, of all applicable forms required with respect thereto with the IRS or other Governmental Authority (including the Joint Committee on Taxation) 
 (b) such CARES Act Tax Refund Claim (or portion thereof) shall be owing, and solely payable to, one or more Loan Parties 
 (c) such CARES Act Tax Refund Claim (or portion thereof) shall be payable in cash and not (x) credited against any Tax liability of a Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof or (y) otherwise previously received by any Loan Party or Affiliate thereof 
 (d) such CARES Act Tax Refund Claim (or portion thereof) has not been (x) denied or (y) reduced (in amount) by the IRS or other Governmental Authority (including the Joint 
 22 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Committee on Taxation) (it being understood and agreed that only the amount of the CARES Act Tax Refund Claim so denied or reduced shall be ineligible by application of this clause (d)) 
 (e) such CARES Act Tax Refund Claim (or portion thereof) has not been reduced by amendment to the original claimed amount 
 (f) such CARES Act Tax Refund Claim (or portion thereof) is not subject to setoff by the IRS or other Governmental Authority (including the Joint Committee on Taxation), including, without limitation, in respect of deferred social security Taxes 
 (g) the Collateral Agent has a first priority perfected Lien in such CARES Act Tax Refund Claim, and such CARES Act Tax Refund Claim is not subject to any Lien (other than Liens granted to the Collateral Agent pursuant to the Security Documents and other Permitted Encumbrances) 
 (h) there has been no adverse determination, delivered to any Loan Party or Affiliate in writing, by the IRS or any other Governmental Authority (including the Joint Committee on Taxation) with respect to the underlying basis upon which the claim for such CARES Act Tax Refund Claim (or portion thereof) has been made and 
 (i) the CARES Act Tax Refund Claim complies in all material respects with all of the Loan Parties representations and warranties contained herein relating to such CARES Act Tax Refund Claim. 
 Eligible Credit Card Receivables means at the time of any determination thereof, each Credit Card Receivable that satisfies the following criteria at the time of creation and continues to meet the same at the time of such determination such Credit Card Receivable (i) has been earned by performance and represents the bona fide amounts due to a Borrower from a credit card payment processor and or credit card issuer, and in each case originated in the ordinary course of business of such Borrower, and (ii) is not ineligible for inclusion in the calculation of the Borrowing Base pursuant to any of clauses (a) through (k) below. Without limiting the foregoing, to qualify as an Eligible Credit Card Receivable, an Account shall indicate no Person other than a Borrower as payee or remittance party. In determining the amount to be so included, the face amount of an Account shall be reduced by, without duplication, to the extent not reflected in such face amount, (i) the amount of all accrued and actual discounts, claims, credits or credits pending, promotional program allowances, price adjustments, finance charges or other allowances (including any amount that a Borrower may be obligated to rebate to a customer, a credit card payment processor, or credit card issuer pursuant to the terms of any agreement or understanding (written or oral)) and (ii) the aggregate amount of all cash received in respect of such Account but not yet applied by the Loan Parties to reduce the amount of such Credit Card Receivable. Any Credit Card Receivables meeting the foregoing criteria shall be deemed Eligible Credit Card Receivables but only as long as such Credit Card Receivable is not included within any of the following categories, in which case such Credit Card Receivable shall not constitute an Eligible Credit Card Receivable 
 (a) Credit Card Receivables which do not constitute an Account or Payment Intangible (each as defined in the UCC) 
 (b) Credit Card Receivables that have been outstanding for more than five (5) Business Days from the date of sale 
 (c) Credit Card Receivables with respect to which a Borrower does not have good, valid and marketable title, free and clear of any Lien (other than Liens granted to 
 23 
 11238955v22 11516251 

the Collateral Agent pursuant to the Security Documents and other Permitted Encumbrances) 
 (d) Credit Card Receivables that are not subject to a first priority security interest in favor of the Collateral Agent (it being the intent that chargebacks in the ordinary course by such processors shall not be deemed violative of this clause) 
 (e) Credit Card Receivables which are disputed, are with recourse, or with respect to which a claim, counterclaim, offset or chargeback has been asserted (to the extent of such claim, counterclaim, offset or chargeback) by any Person 
 (f) Credit Card Receivables as to which the processor has the right under certain circumstances to require a Loan Party to repurchase the Accounts from such credit card processor 
 (g) Credit Card Receivables due from an issuer or payment processor of the applicable credit card which is the subject of any bankruptcy, insolvency or similar proceedings 
 (h) Credit Card Receivables which are not a valid, legally enforceable obligation of the applicable issuer with respect thereto 
 (i) Credit Card Receivables which do not conform in all material respects to all representations, warranties or other provisions in the Loan Documents relating to Credit Card Receivables 
 (j) Credit Card Receivables which are evidenced by chattel paper or an instrument of any kind unless such chattel paper or instrument is in the possession of the Collateral Agent, and to the extent necessary or appropriate, endorsed to the Collateral Agent 
 (k) Credit Card Receivables that include the purchase of any Licensed Merchandise pursuant to which any amount is payable to FLC or Fanatics in accordance with any Merchandising Agreement, the amount of such Credit Card Receivables excluding amounts payable to FLC or Fanatics in accordance with any Merchandising Agreement as determined by the Lead Borrower in its reasonable discretion and approved by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion or 
 (l) Credit Card Receivables which the Administrative Agent determines in its Permitted Discretion to be uncertain of collection. 
 Eligible Inventory means, as of the date of determination thereof, without duplication, items of Inventory of a Borrower that are finished goods, merchantable and readily saleable to the public in the ordinary course that, in each case, complies with each of the representations and warranties expressly respecting Inventory made by the Borrowers in the Loan Documents, and that is not excluded as ineligible by virtue of one or more of the criteria set forth below. The following items of Inventory shall not be included in Eligible Inventory 
 (a) Inventory that is not solely owned by a Borrower or a Borrower does not have good and valid title thereto 
 (b) Inventory that is leased by or is on consignment to a Borrower, or which is consigned by a Borrower to a Person that is not a Loan Party 
 24 
 11238955v22 11516251 

(c) Inventory that is not located in the United States of America (excluding territories or possessions of the United States) 
 (d) Inventory at a location that is owned or leased by a Borrower, except to the extent that the Borrowers have furnished the Administrative Agent with (i) any UCC financing statements or other documents that the Administrative Agent may reasonably determine to be necessary to perfect its security interest in such Inventory at such location, and (ii) with respect to any Material Storage Location, a Collateral Access Agreement executed by the Person owning any such Material Storage Location on terms reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (other than Collateral Access Agreements not obtained to the extent permitted by Section 6.12(a) 
 (e) Inventory that is comprised of goods which (i) are damaged, defective, seconds, or otherwise unmerchantable, (ii) that have been or are in the process of being returned to the vendor, (iii) are obsolete or slow moving, or custom items, work-in-process, raw materials, or that constitute spare parts, promotional, marketing, packaging and shipping materials or supplies used or consumed in a Borrower s business, (iv) are seasonal in nature and which have been packed away for sale in the subsequent season, (v) are not in compliance in all material respects with all standards imposed by any Governmental Authority having regulatory authority over such Inventory, its use or sale, (vi) are bill and hold goods or (vii) are in-transit 
 (f) Inventory that is not subject to a perfected first-priority security interest in favor of the Collateral Agent, subject in priority only to any interest, title or lien of a landlord, lessor or other property owner under a Lease or applicable Laws provided , that for the avoidance of doubt, no provisions with respect to the subordination of Liens or other landlord rights in any Collateral Access Agreement shall be deemed to violate this clause (f)) 
 (g) Inventory that consists of samples, labels, bags, packaging, and other similar non-merchandise categories 
 (h) Inventory that is not insured in compliance with the provisions of Section 6.07 hereof 
 (i) Inventory that has been sold but not yet delivered or as to which a Borrower has accepted a deposit 
 (j) Inventory that is subject to any licensing, patent, royalty, trademark, trade name or copyright agreement with any third party which has expired or has been terminated or with respect to which any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries has received notice of a dispute in respect of any such agreement 
 (k) Inventory acquired in a Permitted Acquisition, unless and until the Collateral Agent has completed or received (A) an appraisal of such Inventory from appraisers reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, and, if applicable, has established an advance rate and or Inventory Reserves therefor, and (B) such other due diligence as the Agents may require, all of the results of the foregoing to be reasonably satisfactory to the Agents 
 (l) Inventory subject to any lease, rental agreement or similar arrangement (i) if a default has occurred and is continuing under such lease, rental agreement or similar arrangement, (ii) at the time such lease, rental or similar agreement is entered into, the lessee fails to provide a valid credit card, debit card or similar credit support for all 
 25 
 11238955v22 11516251 

payment obligations under such agreement for the life of the agreement, or (iii) any Inventory subject to such lease, rental agreement or similar arrangement is unreturned at the end of such lease or rental period 
 (m) Licensed Merchandise, regardless whether FLC, Fanatics or any Borrower is or is deemed to be the owner thereof or 
 (n) Inventory which the Administrative Agent determines in its Permitted Discretion to be unacceptable for inclusion in the Borrowing Base. 
 Eligible Rental Inventory means rental inventory outstanding of the Loan Parties that satisfies the eligibility requirements of Eligible Inventory . 
 Eligible State University Accounts means Accounts that otherwise satisfy the eligibility requirements of Eligible Accounts Receivable and that are owing from colleges or universities that are agencies or political subdivisions of state or local Governmental Authorities and that arise in the ordinary course of business of the Borrowers from management agreements, textbook or course pack sales, trade or general merchandise sales, guarantees of payments due from students or otherwise. 
 Environmental Laws means any and all Federal, state, local, and foreign statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders, decrees, permits, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses, agreements or governmental restrictions relating to pollution and the protection of the environment or the release of any hazardous materials into the environment, including those related to hazardous substances or hazardous wastes, air emissions and discharges to waste or public systems. 
 Environmental Liability means any liability, obligation, damage, loss, claim, action, suit, judgment, order, fine, penalty, fee, expense, or cost, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of any Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Subsidiaries directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal or presence of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 
 Equity Interests means, with respect to any Person, all of the shares of capital stock of (or membership or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of shares of capital stock of (or membership or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person or warrants, rights or options for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of such shares (or such membership or other interests), and all of the other ownership or profit interests in such Person (including partnership, member or trust interests therein), whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such shares, warrants, options, rights or other interests are outstanding on any date of determination. 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. 
 ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control with a Loan Party within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code for purposes of provisions relating to Section 412 of the Code). 
 26 
 11238955v22 11516251 

ERISA Event means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan (b) a withdrawal by a Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer (as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA) or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA (c) a complete or partial withdrawal by a Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan or notification to a Loan Party that a Multiemployer Plan is in reorganization (d) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate, the treatment of a Plan amendment as a termination under Sections 4041 or 4041A of ERISA, or the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan (e) an event or condition which constitutes grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan (f) the determination that any Pension Plan is considered an at-risk plan or a plan in endangered or critical status within the meaning of Sections 430, 431 and 432 of the Code or Sections 303, 304 and 305 of ERISA or (g) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon a Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate. 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 
 Event of Default has the meaning specified in Section 8.01 . An Event of Default shall be deemed to be continuing unless and until that Event of Default has been duly waived or otherwise cured as provided in Section 10.01 hereof. 
 Excess Cash means, on any Business Day, the amount of cash and cash equivalents of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries calculated on a consolidated basis, other than Excluded Cash, in excess of 1,500,000. 
 Excess Cash Prepayment has the meaning provided for such term in Section 2.05(c)(iii) . 
 Excluded Accounts shall mean (a) payroll accounts, (b) health savings accounts, worker s compensation accounts and other employee benefits accounts, (c) payroll withholding tax accounts and other tax (including sales tax) remittance accounts and (d) any other account that is used solely as an escrow account or as a fiduciary or trust account and not otherwise prohibited under this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 Excluded Assets has the meaning provided for such term in the Security Agreement. 
 Excluded Cash means, as of any date, (a) any cash set aside (including proceeds of a Credit Extension borrowed) to pay obligations of the Loan Parties that either (i) are then due and owing to third parties and for which the Loan Parties have issued checks or have initiated wires or ACH transfers in order to pay such amounts or (ii) will be paid on or within one (1) Business Day of such date, (b) amounts on deposit in the Licensed Merchandise Account from time to time in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time 100 of the Revenue Share (as defined in the Merchandising Agreement) amounts reasonably expected to be due and payable to FLC in accordance with Section 6.2 of the Merchandising Agreement (the Monthly FLC Revenue Share Amount as of the next occurring Merchandising Agreement Monthly Settlement Date plus any Surplus permitted to be maintained therein under and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Licensed Merchandise Side Letter, (c) petty cash maintained for local Store operations including cash on deposit in Store operating accounts (not to exceed 3,000,000 in the aggregate for all Store locations), (d) cash on deposit in any Specified Store Collection Accounts (in an amount not to exceed 500,000 in the aggregate at any time for all such Specified Store Collection Accounts), and (e) cash on deposit in any Specified DSS Collection Accounts (in an amount 
 27 
 11238955v22 11516251 

not to exceed 500,000 in the aggregate at any time for all such Specified DSS Collection Accounts) and (f) any cash constituting an Excluded Asset. 
 Excluded Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Borrower or any Guarantor, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the Guarantee by any Borrower contained in Section 10.21 (or otherwise in the Loan Documents) or the Facility Guaranty of such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Borrower or Guarantor of a security interest to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any Guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Borrower or Guarantor s failure for any reason to constitute an eligible contract participant as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act (determined after giving effect to Section 10.21(f) of this Agreement and any other keepwell, support or other agreement for the benefit of such Borrower or Guarantor and any and all guarantees of such Borrower or Guarantor s Swap Obligations by other Loan Parties) at the time the Guarantee of such Borrower or Guarantor, or a grant by such Borrower or Guarantor of a security interest, becomes effective with respect to such Swap Obligation. If a Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to swaps for which such Guarantee or security interest is or becomes excluded in accordance with the first sentence of this definition. 
 Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to any Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its Lending Office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 10.13 or (ii) such Lender changes its Lending Office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 3.01(a)(ii), (a)(iii) or (c) , amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its Lending Office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 3.01(e) and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed pursuant to FATCA. 
 Executive Order has the meaning set forth in Section 10.18 . 
 Existing Credit Agreement means that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of April 29, 2011 among Barnes & Noble, the Lead Borrower, certain other borrowers party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as agent, the other agents party thereto and a syndicate of lenders. 
 Existing Letters of Credit means the letters of credit described on Schedule 1.04 hereto. 
 Facilities means the collective reference to the Revolving Credit Facility and the FILO Facility, or either of them, as the context may require. 
 Facility Guaranty means any Guarantee made by the Guarantors in favor of the Credit Parties, including as set forth in Article XI hereto or in any guaranty agreement in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 28 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Fanatics means Fanatics Retail Group Fulfillment, LLC, and its permitted successors and assigns under the E-Commerce Agreement. 
 FASB ASC means the Accounting Standards Codification of the Financial Accounting Standards Board. 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471 (b) (1) of the Code, any intergovernmental agreements entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or official practices adopted pursuant to any such intergovernmental agreements. 
 Federal Funds Rate means, for any day, the rate per annum calculated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York based on such day s federal funds transactions by depository institutions (as determined in such manner as the Federal Reserve Bank of New York shall set forth on its public website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as the federal funds effective rate provided that if the Federal Funds Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Fee Letters means, collectively, each fee letter relating to the credit facilities provided hereunder between the Lead Borrower and any Lead Lender or any Agent. 
 FILO Borrowing Conditions has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.03(j) . 
 FILO Draw Period means, with respect to any calendar year, each period commencing on April 1 of such year and ending on July 31 of such year provided, that no FILO Draw Period shall commence after the date that the Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments are reduced to zero. 
 FILO Facility means the credit facility described in Section 2.18 hereof. 
 FILO Facility Commitment means, as to each FILO Lender, its obligation to make FILO Loans to the Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.18 , in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such FILO Lender s name with respect to the FILO Facility on Schedule 2.01 or in any Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such FILO Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. 
 FILO Facility Payment Date means July 31 of each FILO Draw Period. 
 FILO Lender means each Lender indicated on Schedule 2.01 as a FILO Lender of FILO Loans and any other Person that becomes a FILO Lender pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption Agreement. 
 FILO Facility Required Lenders means, as of any date of determination, FILO Lenders holding more than 50.0 of the Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments or, if the commitment of each FILO Lender to make FILO Loans have been terminated pursuant to Section 8.02, FILO Lenders holding in the aggregate more than 50.0 of the Total Outstandings under the FILO Facility provided, that the Commitment of, and the portion of the Total Outstandings held or 
 29 
 11238955v22 11516251 

deemed held by, any Defaulting Lender under the FILO Facility shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of FILO Facility Required Lenders. 
 FILO Loans means each loan made by a FILO Lender to the Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.18 . 
 FILO Reserve means, if as of any date that a FILO Loan is outstanding (a) an amount equal to (i) the outstanding principal amount of the FILO Loans as of such date plus (ii) the Borrowing Base (excluding the FILO Reserve amount as of such date) is greater than (b) 105 of the total of the following as of such date (i) 100 of Eligible Credit Card Receivables plus (ii) 100 of Eligible Account Receivables plus (iii) 100 of the Net Orderly Liquidation Value of the Borrower s Eligible Inventory minus (iv) applicable Reserves (excluding any FILO Reserve), a reserve equal to the amount by which the amount in clause (a) exceeds the amount in clause (b). 
 FILO Settlement Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(a) . 
 Financial Consultant has the meaning set forth in Section 6.20 . 
 First Amendment means that certain First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of February 27, 2017, among the Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto. 
 First Amendment Acquisition means the acquisition by the Lead Borrower of all the Equity Interests in the Acquired Companies on or immediately after the First Amendment Effective Date in accordance with the First Amendment. 
 First Amendment Effective Date means the Effective Date as defined in the First Amendment. 
 Fiscal Month means any fiscal month of any Fiscal Year determined in accordance with the fiscal accounting calendar of the Loan Parties. 
 Fiscal Quarter means any fiscal quarter of any Fiscal Year determined in accordance with the fiscal accounting calendar of the Loan Parties. 
 Fiscal Year means any period of twelve (12) consecutive months ending on the Saturday that is closest to the last day of April of any calendar year. 
 FLC means Fanatics Lids College, Inc., together with its permitted successors and assigns under the Merchandising Agreement. 
 Foreign Assets Control Regulations has the meaning set forth in Section 10.18 . 
 Foreign Lender means (a) if any Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender that is not a U.S. Person, and (b) if any Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a Lender that is resident or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which such Borrower is resident for tax purposes. For purposes of this definition, the United States, each State thereof and the District of Columbia shall be deemed to constitute a single jurisdiction. 
 Foreign Subsidiary means any Subsidiary organized under the laws of a political subdivision outside of the United States. 
 30 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Fourth Amendment means that certain Fourth Amendment and Waiver to Credit Agreement, dated as March 7, 2022, among the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto. 
 Fourth Amendment Effective Date means the date that the Fourth Amendment Effective Date and the Successor Rate Effective Date under and as each is defined in the Fourth Amendment has occurred. 
 FRB means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States. 
 Fronting Exposure means, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender that is a Revolving Lender, (a) with respect to any LC Issuer, such Defaulting Lender s Applicable Percentage of the outstanding LC Obligations other than LC Obligations as to which such Defaulting Lender s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof, and (b) with respect to the Swing Line Lender, such Defaulting Lender s Applicable Percentage of Swing Line Loans other than Swing Line Loans as to which such Defaulting Lender s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 Fronting Fee has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.03(j) . 
 FSHCO means any Domestic Subsidiary substantially all of the assets of which constitute Equity Interests or Indebtedness of CFCs. 
 Fully Satisfied means (a) with respect to any Secured Obligations or Obligations, as applicable, the full cash payment thereof, including all principal, interest and fees with respect thereto and any interest, fees and other charges accruing during a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law (whether or not such amounts are allowed or allowable in whole or in part in such proceeding), but shall not include any roll up of any Secured Obligations or Obligations in any debtor in possession financing during any such proceeding and (b) with respect to LC Obligations, Other Liabilities or Obligations that are inchoate or contingent in nature, the Cash Collateralization thereof (or delivery of a standby letter of credit acceptable to the applicable Credit Party in its reasonable discretion, in the amount of required Cash Collateral). No Loans shall be deemed to have been Fully Satisfied until all Commitments related to such Loans have expired or been terminated. For the avoidance of doubt, any requirement that a Secured Obligation or Obligation be Fully Satisfied or paid in full or similar provisions shall be deemed to refer only to Secured Obligations or Obligations that may be satisfied by cash payment (including cash collateral and similar arrangements) thereof. 
 Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or such other principles as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession in the United States, that are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination, consistently applied. 
 Governmental Authority means the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, 
 31 
 11238955v22 11516251 

legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 
 Guarantee means, as to any Person, any (a) any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such Person guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation payable or performable by another Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of such Person, direct or indirect, (i) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation, (ii) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance of such Indebtedness or other obligation, (iii) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity or level of income or cash flow of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation, or (iv) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part), or (b) any Lien on any assets of such Person securing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person, whether or not such Indebtedness or other obligation is assumed by such Person (or any right, contingent or otherwise, of any holder of such Indebtedness to obtain any such Lien), but excluding in all cases endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business. The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith. The term Guarantee as a verb has a corresponding meaning. 
 Guaranteed Obligations has the meaning specified in Section 11.01 . 
 Guarantor means each wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower (other than any Borrower, any CFC, any Subsidiary of a CFC, any FSHCO or any Immaterial Subsidiary) and each other Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower that is not a Borrower and that is required to execute and deliver a Facility Guaranty pursuant to pursuant to Section 6.12 provided , that (i) any Guarantors shall only cease to be a Guarantor as a result of such Guarantor ceasing to be a wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower only if (A) at the time such Guarantor ceases to be a wholly-owned Subsidiary, the primary purpose of such transaction was for a bona fide business purpose (and, for the avoidance of doubt, any transaction the primary purpose of which is to evade the guarantee or collateral requirements pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be deemed not to be a bona fide business purpose for all purposes hereunder), (B) the Lead Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower certifying that any such transaction has been consummated in compliance with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and that such release is not prohibited hereby, (C) no Overadvance would result from the consummation of such transaction or the ceasing of such Guarantor to be a wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower and a Guarantor hereunder and (D) such Guarantor that ceases to be a wholly-owned Subsidiary shall not own any Material IP, (ii) any Subsidiary that is or becomes a guarantor of the Subordinated Term Loan Obligations shall also be required to be joined as a Guarantor and (iii) no Loan Party as of the Sixth Amendment Effective Date shall at any time constitute an Immaterial Subsidiary. 
 Hazardous Materials means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, 
 32 
 11238955v22 11516251 

infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law. 
 Honor Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(c)(i) . 
 Immaterial Subsidiary means each Foreign Subsidiary and each other Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower that has, in accordance with Section 6.02(a) hereof, been designated by the Lead Borrower in its certificate to the Administrative Agent as an Immaterial Subsidiary for purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, provided , that (a) for purposes of this Agreement, at no time shall (i) the total assets of all Immaterial Subsidiaries, as of the end of the most recent Fiscal Quarter for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or Section 6.01(b) hereof, equal or exceed five percent (5.0 of the Consolidated total assets of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries, or (ii) any Immaterial Subsidiary own any assets included in the Borrowing Base or any Material IP, or (iii) the gross revenues of all Immaterial Subsidiaries for any Measurement Period equal or exceed five percent (5.0 of the Consolidated gross revenues of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such Measurement Period, in each case as determined in accordance with GAAP, and (b) no Subsidiary that has been designated or otherwise constitutes an Immaterial Subsidiary may be re-designated a Subsidiary or be treated under the Loan Documents as a Loan Party without the written approval of the Administrative Agent which approval will not be unreasonably withheld. As of the Second From and after the Eighth Amendment Effective Date, the no Subsidiaries specified on Schedule 1.03 hereto are the only Subsidiaries designated by the Lead Borrower as shall be deemed Immaterial Subsidiaries for purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Increase Effective Date shall have the meaning provided therefor in Section 2.15(d) . 
 Increased Commitment Lender shall have the meaning provide in Section 2.15(b) . 
 Indebtedness means, as to any Person at a particular time, without duplication, all of the following, whether or not included as indebtedness or liabilities in accordance with GAAP 
 (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money and all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements or other similar instruments 
 (b) all direct or contingent obligations of such Person arising under letters of credit (including standby and commercial), bankers acceptances, bank guaranties, surety bonds and similar instruments 
 (c) net obligations of such Person under any Swap Contract 
 (d) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade accounts payable and corporate and purchasing card obligations in the ordinary course of business and, in each case, paid in accordance with the payment terms thereof and otherwise not past due for more than 90 days) 
 (e) indebtedness (excluding prepaid interest thereon) secured by a Lien on property owned by such Person (including indebtedness arising under conditional sales or other title retention agreements), whether or not such indebtedness shall have been assumed by such Person or is limited in recourse 
 (f) all Attributable Indebtedness of such Person 
 33 
 11238955v22 11516251 

(g) (i) all Disqualified Stock and (ii) subject to the penultimate sentence of the definition of Disqualified Stock, all other obligations of such Person to purchase, redeem, retire, defease or otherwise make any cash payment, in each case under this clause (ii), on or prior to the date that is one hundred twenty (120) days after the Maturity Date, in respect of any Equity Interest in such Person or any other Person, valued, in the case of a redeemable preferred interest, at the greater of its voluntary or involuntary liquidation preference plus accrued and unpaid dividends and 
 (h) all Guarantees of such Person in respect of any of the foregoing. 
 For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint venture that is itself a corporation or limited liability company) in which such Person is a general partner or a joint venturer, unless such Indebtedness is expressly made non-recourse to such Person. The amount of any net obligation under any Swap Contract on any date shall be deemed to be the Swap Termination Value thereof as of such date. 
 Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in (a), Other Taxes. 
 Indemnitee has the meaning specified in Section 10.04(b) . 
 Independent Board Members has the meaning specified in Section 6.21(a). 
 Information has the meaning specified in Section 10.07 . 
 Initial Accounts Receivable Advance Rate has the meaning set forth in the definition of Accounts Receivable Advance Rate . 
 Initial Appraisal Percentage has the meaning set forth in the definition of Appraisal Percentage . 
 Initial Credit Card Receivables Advance Rate has the meaning set forth in the definition of Credit Card Receivables Advance Rate . 
 Initial Cap Table means (a) if the Closing Date occurs on or prior to July 31, 2015, the column titled Pro Forma Capitalization (July 2015) in the table titled Pro Forma Capitalization and under the heading B&N Education posted on SyndTrak for review by the Lenders on June 30, 2015 and (b) if the Closing Date occurs thereafter, the column titled Pro Forma Capitalization (August 2015) and under the heading B&N Education in such table. 
 Intellectual Property means all present and future trade secrets, know-how and other proprietary information trademarks, trademark applications, internet domain names, service marks, trade dress, trade names, business names, designs, logos, slogans (and all translations, adaptations, derivations and combinations of the foregoing) indicia and other source and or business identifiers, and all registrations or applications for registrations which have heretofore been or may hereafter be issued thereon throughout the world copyrights and copyright applications (including copyrights for computer programs) and all tangible and intangible property embodying the copyrights, unpatented inventions (whether or not patentable) patents and patent applications industrial design applications and registered industrial designs license agreements related to any of the foregoing books, records, writings, computer tapes or disks, flow diagrams, specification sheets, computer software, source codes, object codes, executable code, data, databases and other physical manifestations, embodiments or incorporations of any of 
 34 
 11238955v22 11516251 

the foregoing all other intellectual property and all common law and other rights throughout the world in and to all of the foregoing. 
 Intercreditor Agreement means that certain Subordination and Intercreditor Agreement, dated on or about June 7, 2022, by and among the Administrative Agent, TopLids LendCo, LLC in its capacity as administrative agent and collateral agent under the Subordinated Term Loan Agreement and the Loan Parties (as amended, supplemented, or otherwise modified (including pursuant to the Mutual Consent Consents )) which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall constitute a Loan Document. 
 Interest Payment Date means, (a) as to any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to such Loan and the Maturity Date provided , however , that if any Interest Period for a Term SOFR Loan exceeds three months, the respective dates that fall every three months after the beginning of such Interest Period shall also be Interest Payment Dates (b) as to any Base Rate Loan (including a Swing Line Loan), the first day of each calendar month and the Maturity Date and (c) as to any FILO Loan, each FILO Facility Payment Date. 
 Interest Period means, as to each Term SOFR Loan, the period commencing on the date such Term SOFR Loan is disbursed or converted to or continued as a Term SOFR Loan and ending on the date one, three or six months thereafter, as selected by the Borrower in its Committed Loan Notice provided that 
 (i) any Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless, in the case of a Term SOFR Loan, such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day 
 (ii) any Interest Period pertaining to a Term SOFR Loan that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period and 
 (iii) no Interest Period shall extend beyond the Maturity Date. 
 Internal Control Event means (a) with respect to the Lead Borrower, a determination by management or the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Lead Borrower or by the Lead Borrower s Public Accountants that (i) a material weakness in internal controls over financial reporting, as described in PCAOB Auditing Standard No. 5, exists in the Lead Borrower s internal control over financial reporting, or (ii) a member of the senior management of the Lead Borrower has committed a material act of fraud, and (b) with respect to any Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower, a determination by management or the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Lead Borrower or by the Lead Borrower s Public Accountants that (i) a material weakness in internal controls over financial reporting, as described in PCAOB Auditing Standard No. 5, exists in such Subsidiary s internal control over financial reporting, or (ii) a member of the senior management of such Subsidiary has committed an act of fraud, in either case under this clause (b) that could reasonably be expected to result in an Material Adverse Effect. 
 Inventory has the meaning given to that term in the UCC, and shall also include, without limitation, all (a) goods which (i) are leased by a Person as lessor, (ii) are held by a Person for sale or lease or to be furnished under a contract of service, (iii) are furnished by a Person under a contract of service, or (iv) consist of raw materials, work in process, or materials used or consumed in a business (b) goods of said description in transit (c) goods of said description which are returned, repossessed or rejected and (d) packaging, advertising, and shipping materials related to any of the foregoing. 
 35 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Inventory Reserves means such reserves as may be established from time to time by the Administrative Agent in the Administrative Agent s Permitted Discretion with respect to the determination of the saleability, at retail, of the Eligible Inventory or which reflect such other factors as may adversely affect the market value of the Eligible Inventory. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Inventory Reserves may, in the Administrative Agent s Permitted Discretion, include (but are not limited to) reserves based on 
 (a) obsolescence 
 (b) seasonality 
 (c) Shrink 
 (d) imbalance 
 (e) change in Inventory character 
 (f) change in Inventory composition 
 (g) change in Inventory mix 
 (h) mark-downs (both permanent and point of sale) 
 (i) retail mark-ons and mark-ups inconsistent with prior period practice and performance, industry standards, current business plans or advertising calendar and planned advertising events 
 (j) reasonably anticipated changes in appraised value of Inventory between appraisals and 
 (k) out-of-date and or expired Inventory. 
 Investment means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect acquisition or investment by such Person, whether by means of (a) the purchase or other acquisition of Equity Interests of another Person, (b) a loan, advance or capital contribution to, Guarantee or assumption of debt of, or purchase or other acquisition of any other debt or equity participation or interest in, another Person, including any partnership or joint venture interest in such other Person and any arrangement pursuant to which the investor Guarantees Indebtedness of such other Person, or (c) any Acquisition provided , however , that any amount payable by a vendor to any Loan Party with respect to the return of inventory or supplies by such Loan Party to such vendor in the ordinary course of business shall not constitute an Investment hereunder so long as (i) such amount has not been outstanding for more than 150 days and (ii) such inventory is not then included in the Borrowing Base. For purposes of covenant compliance, the amount of any Investment shall be the amount actually invested, without adjustment for subsequent increases or decreases in the value of such Investment. 
 Investment Bank means, collectively, Houlihan Lokey and its Affiliates (or any substitute or replacement investment banker acceptable to the Administrative Agent). 
 IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
 ISP means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the International Standby Practices 1998 published by the Institute of International Banking Law & Practice (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance). 
 36 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Issuer Documents means with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Letter of Credit Application, and any other document, agreement and instrument entered into by the LC Issuer and any Borrower or in favor the LC Issuer and relating to any such Letter of Credit. 
 Joinder Agreement means an agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit I hereto and otherwise in form satisfactory to the Administrative Agent pursuant to which, among other things, a Person becomes a party to, and bound by the terms of, this Agreement and or the other Loan Documents in the same capacity and to the same extent as either a Borrower or a Guarantor, as the Administrative Agent may determine. 
 Laws means each international, foreign, federal, state and local statute, treaty, rule, guideline, regulation, ordinance, code and administrative or judicial precedent or authority, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and each applicable administrative order, directed duty, request, license, authorization and permit of, and agreement with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law, including, without limitation, all Environmental Laws. 
 LC Advance means, with respect to each Revolving Lender, such Revolving Lender s funding of its participation in any LC Borrowing in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. 
 LC Borrowing means an extension of credit resulting from a drawing under any Letter of Credit which has not been reimbursed on the date when made or refinanced as a Committed Borrowing. 
 LC Credit Extension means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the issuance thereof or extension of the expiry date thereof, or the increase of the amount thereof. 
 LC Issuer means (a) Bank of America and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., each in its capacity as issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, or any successor issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder and (b) with respect to the Existing Letters of Credit and until such Existing Letters of Credit expire or are returned undrawn, Bank of America provided that JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. will not have any obligation to issue Letters of Credit in an aggregate amount outstanding at any time in excess of 7,500,000. The LC Issuer may, in its discretion and with the consent of the Lead Borrower which shall not be unreasonably withheld, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by Affiliates of the LC Issuer, in which case the term LC Issuer shall include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate. All singular references to the LC Issuer shall mean any LC Issuer, the LC Issuer that has issued the applicable Letter of Credit or all LC Issuers, as the context may require. 
 LC Obligations mean, as at any date of determination, the aggregate amount available to be drawn under all outstanding Letters of Credit plus the aggregate of all Unreimbursed Amounts, including all LC Borrowings. For purposes of computing the amounts available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.06 . For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Rule 3.14 of the ISP, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding in the amount so remaining available to be drawn. 
 Lead Lender means each of Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and Truist Bank. 
 37 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Lease means any agreement, whether written or oral, no matter how styled or structured, pursuant to which a Loan Party is entitled to the use or occupancy of any real property for any period of time. 
 Lender has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto and includes any Lender indicated on Schedule 2.01 as a Revolving Lender or FILO Lender, the Swing Line Lender and any other Person who hereafter becomes a Revolving Lender and or a FILO Lender pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption. 
 Lending Office means, as to any Lender, the office or offices of such Lender described as such in such Lender s Administrative Questionnaire, or such other office or offices as a Lender may from time to time notify the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent, which office may include any Affiliate of such Lender or any domestic or foreign branch of such Lender or such Affiliate. Unless the context otherwise requires each reference to a Lender shall include its applicable Lending Office. 
 Letter of Credit means each Standby Letter of Credit and each Commercial Letter of Credit issued hereunder and shall include Existing Letters of Credit. 
 Letter of Credit Application means an application and agreement for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit in the form from time to time in use by any applicable LC Issuer. 
 Letter of Credit Expiration Date means the day that is five (5) days prior to the Maturity Date then in effect (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next preceding Business Day). 
 Letter of Credit Fee has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(i) . 
 Letter of Credit Sublimit means an amount equal to 30,000,000. The Letter of Credit Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Aggregate Commitments. A permanent reduction of the Aggregate Commitments shall not require a corresponding pro rata reduction in the Letter of Credit Sublimit provided , however , that if the Aggregate Commitments are reduced to an amount less than the Letter of Credit Sublimit, then the Letter of Credit Sublimit shall be reduced to an amount equal to (or, at Lead Borrower s option, less than) the Aggregate Commitments. 
 Licensed Merchandise means (a) with respect to merchandise subject to the Merchandising Agreement, Licensed Merchandise as defined therein and (b) with respect to merchandise subject to the E-Commerce Agreement, Licensed Merchandise as defined therein. 
 Licensed Merchandise Account means a segregated deposit account of Lead Borrower at Bank of America, N.A., into which the Merchandising Agreement Monthly Revenue shall be deposited and held until each Merchandising Agreement Settlement Date, which account shall be subject to a first priority lien in favor of FLC and a second priority lien in favor of the Secured Parties. 
 Licensed Merchandise Documents means the Merchandising Agreement, the Merchandising Agreement Side Letter, the E-Commerce Agreement and any other document, agreement or instrument entered into by any Loan Party pursuant to the foregoing or in connection with any Licensed Merchandise. 
 Lien means (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, or preference, priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement in the nature of a security interest of any kind or 
 38 
 11238955v22 11516251 

nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale, Capital Lease Obligation, Synthetic Lease Obligation, or other title retention agreement, any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to real property, and any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing) and (b) in the case of securities, any purchase option, call or similar right of a third party with respect to such securities. 
 Liquidation means the exercise by the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent of those rights and remedies accorded to such Agents under the Loan Documents and applicable Law as a creditor of the Loan Parties with respect to the realization on the Collateral, including (after the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default) the conduct by the Loan Parties acting with the consent of the Collateral Agent, of any public, private or going-out-of-business , store closing or other similar sale or any other disposition of the Collateral for the purpose of liquidating the Collateral. Derivations of the word Liquidation (such as Liquidate are used with like meaning in this Agreement. 
 Loan means an extension of credit by a Lender to any Borrower under Article II in the form of a Revolving Loan, FILO Loan or a Swing Line Loan. 
 Loan Account has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(a) . 
 Loan Cap means, at any time of determination, an amount equal to the lesser of (a) the Aggregate Commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility at such time and (b) the Borrowing Base at such time. 
 Loan Documents means this Agreement, each Note, each Issuer Document, the Fee Letters, all Borrowing Base Certificates, the Blocked Account Agreements, the Securities Account Control Agreements, the DDA Notifications, the Credit Card Notifications, the Security Documents, the Facility Guaranty, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Confirmation Agreement, any agreement creating or perfecting rights in Cash Collateral pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.16 of this Agreement and any other instrument or agreement now or hereafter executed and delivered in connection herewith, each as amended and in effect from time to time. 
 Loan Party means each Borrower and each Guarantor. 
 Material Adverse Effect means (a) a material adverse change in, or a material adverse effect upon, the operations, business, properties, liabilities (actual or contingent), or financial condition of any Loan Party or the Lead Borrower and the other Loan Parties taken as a whole (b) impairment of the ability of any Loan Party to perform its material obligations under any material Loan Document to which it is a party or (c) a material impairment of the rights and remedies of the Agent or the Lenders under any material Loan Document or a material adverse effect upon the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability against any Loan Party of any Loan Document to which it is a party. In determining whether any individual event would result in a Material Adverse Effect, notwithstanding that such event in and of itself does not have such effect, a Material Adverse Effect may be deemed to have occurred if the cumulative effect of such event and all other then existing events would result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Material Indebtedness means (a) Indebtedness (other than the Obligations) of the Loan Parties in an aggregate principal amount exceeding 15,000,000, (b) the Subordinated Term Loan Obligations and any refinancing thereof pursuant to a Qualifying Refinancing Transaction or otherwise and (c) any Indebtedness under any Permitted Senior Debt. For purposes of determining the amount of Material Indebtedness at any time, the amount of the obligations in respect of any Swap Contract at such time shall be calculated at the Swap Termination Value thereof. 
 39 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Material IP means any intellectual property owned by the Borrower or any Subsidiary to the extent such intellectual property is material to the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (taken as a whole). 
 Material Storage Location means any warehouse or other leased storage or distribution facility in which 10,000,000 or more of Inventory is or may be located from time to time. 
 Material Store Acquisition means the acquisition of more than 50 bookstore contracts or leases in a single transaction or series of related transactions, either through assumption or replacement of existing contracts or leases between third parties and the applicable college, university or other educational institution. 
 Maturity Date means August 29 December 28 , 2024 provided that if such day is not a Business Day, the Maturity Date shall be the Business Day immediately preceding such day. 
 Maximum DDA Balance means, with respect to each DDA, an amount equal to (a) 1,000 times (b) the aggregate number of Stores that maintain deposits in such DDA. 
 Maximum Rate has the meaning provided therefor in Section 10.09 . 
 MBS Entities means, collectively, MBS Textbook Exchange, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, MBS Direct, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, TXTB.COM LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, TextbookCenter LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, MBS Internet, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, MBS Automation LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and MBS Service Company LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Measurement Period means, at any date of determination, the most recently completed twelve (12) consecutive Fiscal Months of the Lead Borrower for which financial statements have or should have been delivered in accordance with Section 6.01 . provided, however, that for purposes of determining compliance with Section 7.15(b) (until a full Fiscal Year has elapsed since the Fiscal Year ended April 2023), the Measurement Period shall mean the period of consecutive Fiscal Months of the Lead Borrower elapsed since the Fiscal Year ended April 2023 and for which financial statements have or should have been delivered in accordance with Section 6.01. 
 Merchandising Agreement means that certain Store Merchandising Agreement, dated as of December 20, 2020, among Lead Borrower, Barnes & Noble College Booksellers, LLC, and MBS Textbook Exchange, LLC, and FLC, as in effect on the Third Eighth Amendment Effective Date and as it may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance herewith. 
 Merchandising Agreement Monthly Settlement Date means the date in each 4-5-4 retail calendar month under the Merchandising Agreement that the Net Revenue Share (as defined in the Merchandising Agreement) for such period is paid or due and payable to FLC in accordance with Section 6.2 of the Merchandising Agreement. 
 Merchandising Agreement Side Letter has the meaning specified in the Third Amendment. means that certain Amended and Restated Proceeds Lien Release Letter Agreement, dated as of July 6, 2023, by and among Lead Borrower, BNCB and MBS Textbook Exchange, LLC, FLC, and Administrative Agent, and as it may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance therewith. 
 40 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Minimum Collateral Amount means, at any time, (i) with respect to Cash Collateral consisting of cash or deposit account balances provided to reduce or eliminate Fronting Exposure during the existence of a Defaulting Lender, an amount equal to 105 of the Fronting Exposure of the LC Issuer with respect to Letters of Credit issued and outstanding at such time, (ii) with respect to Cash Collateral consisting of cash or deposit account balances provided in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.16(a)(i) , (a)(ii) or (a)(iii) , an amount equal to 105 of the Outstanding Amount of all LC Obligations, (iii) with respect to any Secured Obligations under any Bank Product or Cash Management Services, such amount as may be agreed between the Loan Party and Lender or Affiliate of a Lender party to such Swap Contract constituting a Bank Product or to such Cash Management Services, as applicable, and (iv) otherwise, an amount determined by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the LC Issuer, as the case may be, in their sole discretion. 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto. 
 Multiemployer Plan means any employee benefit plan of the type described in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which a Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions, or during the preceding three plan years, has made or been obligated to make contributions. 
 Multiple Employer Plan means a Plan which has two or more contributing sponsors (including any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate) at least two of whom are not under common control, as such a plan is described in Section 4064 of ERISA. 
 Mutual Consent means that certain , collectively, (a) the Mutual Consent and Agreement , dated as of the Sixth Amendment Effective Date, (b) the letter agreement re. DSS Sale Proceeds dated as of the Seventh Amendment Effective Date and (c) the Mutual Consent and Agreement dated as of the Eighth Amendment Effective Date, in each case, by and among the Administrative Agent, Toplids LendCo, LLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent under the Subordinated Term Loan Agreement, the lenders under the Subordinated Term Loan Agreement, and acknowledged and agreed to by the Lead Borrower and the other Loan Parties. 
 Net Orderly Liquidation Value means the appraised orderly liquidation value of the Borrowers Inventory, net of costs and expenses to be incurred in connection with any such liquidation, which value is expressed as a percentage of Cost of the Borrowers Inventory as set forth in the Borrowers inventory stock ledger, which value shall be determined from time to time by the most recent appraisal undertaken by an independent appraiser engaged by (and which such appraisal shall be reasonably satisfactory to) the Administrative Agent. 
 Net Proceeds means (a) with respect to any Disposition, the excess, if any, of (i) the sum of cash and cash equivalents received in connection with such transaction (including any cash or cash equivalents received by way of deferred payment pursuant to, or by monetization of, a note receivable or otherwise, but only as and when so received) over (ii) the sum of (A) the principal amount of any Indebtedness that is secured by the applicable asset by a Lien permitted hereunder which is senior to the Collateral Agent s Lien on such asset and that is required to be repaid (or to establish an escrow for the future repayment thereof) in connection with such transaction (other than Indebtedness under the Loan Documents or Indebtedness under the Subordinated Term Loan Agreement), (B) the reasonable and customary out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such Loan Party in connection with such transaction (including, without limitation, appraisals, and brokerage, legal, title and recording or transfer tax expenses and commissions) paid by any Loan Party to third parties (other than Affiliates)), (C) commercially reasonable amounts provided as a funded reserve against any liabilities under any indemnification obligations or purchase price adjustments associated with such Dispositions, and (D) all federal, state, provincial, foreign and local taxes required to be accrued as a liability under GAAP, and 
 41 
 11238955v22 11516251 

(b) with respect to the sale or issuance of any Equity Interest by any Loan Party, or the incurrence or issuance of any Indebtedness by any Loan Party, the excess of (i) the sum of the cash and cash equivalents received in connection with such transaction over (ii) the sum of (x) the underwriting discounts and commissions or arrangement or commitment fees payable, and other reasonable and customary out-of-pocket expenses, incurred by such Loan Party in connection therewith and (y) all distributions and other payments required to be made to minority interest holders in such Person as a result of such sale. 
 Non-Consenting Lender has the meaning provided therefor in Section 10.01 . 
 Non-Defaulting Lender means, at any time, each Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time. 
 Non-Extension Notice Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(b)(iii) . 
 Note means (a) a promissory note made by the Borrowers in favor of a Revolving Lender evidencing Revolving Loans made by such Revolving Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit C-1 , (b) the Swing Line Note, and (c) a promissory note made by the Borrowers in favor of a FILO Lender evidencing FILO Loans made by such FILO Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit C-3 , as each may be amended, supplemented or modified from time to time. 
 Obligations means all advances to, and debts (including principal, interest, fees, costs, and expenses), liabilities, obligations, covenants, indemnities, and duties of, any Loan Party arising under any Loan Document or otherwise with respect to any Loan or Letter of Credit (including payments in respect of reimbursement of disbursements, interest thereon and obligations to provide cash collateral therefor), whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest, fees, costs and expenses that accrue after the commencement by or against any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest, fees, costs and expenses are allowed claims in such proceeding provided , however , for the avoidance of doubt, Obligations shall not include Other Liabilities . 
 OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury. 
 Ordinary Blocked Account means any Blocked Account of any Loan Party which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include any Buy-Back Trigger Period Accounts. 
 Organization Documents means, (a) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction) (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization and operating agreement and (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or organization and any agreement, instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any certificate or articles of formation or organization of such entity. 
 Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or 
 42 
 11238955v22 11516251 

perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 
 Other Liabilities means any obligation of any Loan Party (a) arising under any document or agreement relating to or (b) on account of (i) any Cash Management Services and or (ii) any Bank Product. 
 Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 3.06 ). 
 Outstanding Amount means (i) with respect to Committed Loans and Swing Line Loans on any date, the aggregate outstanding principal amount thereof after giving effect to any borrowings and prepayments or repayments of Committed Loans and Swing Line Loans, as the case may be, occurring on such date and (ii) with respect to any LC Obligations on any date, the amount of such LC Obligations on such date after giving effect to (A) any LC Credit Extension occurring on such date and (B) any other changes in the aggregate amount of the LC Obligations as of such date, including as a result of any reimbursements by the Borrowers of Unreimbursed Amounts. 
 Overadvance means a Credit Extension under the Revolving Credit Facility to the extent that, immediately after its having been made, Availability (as defined without regard to clause (b) of the definition thereof) is less than or equal to the greater of (a) ten percent (10 of the Loan Cap and (b) 32,500,000 and the Borrowers are not in compliance with Section 7.15 (a) , or otherwise the aggregate Credit Extensions under the Revolving Credit Facility exceed the Loan Cap. 
 Participant has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(d) . 
 Participant Register has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(d) . 
 Patriot Act shall have the meaning provided in Section 4.01(f) . 
 Payoff Letter means that certain payoff letter, dated as of the Closing Date, among Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent under the Existing Credit Agreement, and Barnes & Noble, as lead borrower under the Existing Credit Agreement, with respect to the payment in full of all obligations outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement, termination of all commitments thereunder and agreements to release all Liens upon the assets of the B&N Parties and the Loan Parties. 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. 
 PCAOB means the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. 
 Pension Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA), other than a Multiemployer Plan, that is subject to Title IV of ERISA and is sponsored or maintained by a Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate or to which a Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate contributes or has an obligation to contribute, or in the case of a Multiple Employer Plan, has made contributions at any time during the immediately preceding three plan years. 
 43 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Perfection Certificate means that certain Perfection Certificate, dated as of August 3, 2015, made by the Lead Borrower to the Collateral Agent. 
 Permitted Acquisition means, subject to the proviso at the end of this definition, an Acquisition in which all of the following conditions are satisfied 
 (a) no Default then exists or would arise from the consummation of such Acquisition 
 (b) (i) if such Acquisition will be funded in whole or in part by proceeds of Loans, such Acquisition is not hostile and (ii) any assets acquired shall be utilized in, and if the Acquisition involves a merger, consolidation or stock acquisition, the Person which is the subject of such Acquisition shall be engaged in, a business substantially the same as one or more line or lines of Business 
 (c) the Lead Borrower shall have furnished the Administrative Agent with at least seven (7) days prior written notice (or such shorter period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion) of each such intended Acquisition, including confirmation that all conditions to such intended Acquisition under this definition have been satisfied or will be satisfied in accordance with the terms hereof 
 (d) if as of the notice date determined in accordance with the foregoing clause (c) with respect to such proposed Acquisition (in a single or series of related transactions) (i) Availability is less than or equal to fifty percent (50.0 of the Aggregate Loan Cap as of such date and (ii) the aggregate consideration (whether in cash, tangible property, notes or other property) is equal to or in excess of 30,000,000, the Lead Borrower promptly (and in any event, no less than seven (7) Business Days prior to the consummation of such Acquisition or such shorter period as may otherwise be agreed by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) shall furnish to the Administrative Agent such documentation, if any, that the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, which may include a current draft of the documents, agreements and instruments contemplated to be executed in connection therewith (and final copies thereof as and when executed), and a summary of any due diligence undertaken by the Loan Parties in connection with such Acquisition in the form prepared by the Loan Parties for their internal purposes and 
 (e) either, 
 (i) Projected Excess Availability and Pro Forma Excess Availability as of the date of consummation of such Acquisition will be equal to or greater than twelve and one half percent (12.5 of the Aggregate Loan Cap and the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, on a pro-forma basis for the Measurement Period immediately prior to such Acquisition, will be equal to or greater than 1.0 to 1.0 or 
 (ii) Projected Excess Availability and Pro Forma Excess Availability as of the date of consummation of such Acquisition will be equal to or greater than twenty percent (20.0 of the Aggregate Loan Cap 
 provided , however , that notwithstanding the foregoing, from and after the Sixth Amendment Effective Date, no Acquisition shall constitute a Permitted Acquisition. 
 Permitted Buy-Back Programs means seasonal buy-back programs of college text books in accordance with leases, contracts or other instruments or agreements governing its 
 44 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Stores and otherwise in accordance with customary business practices in the college bookselling industry. 
 Permitted Discretion means a determination made in good faith and in the exercise of commercially reasonable business judgment, determined in a manner consistent with its credit procedures for asset-based lending transactions in the retail industry and otherwise in similar circumstances. 
 Permitted Disposition has the meaning specified in Section 7.05 . 
 Permitted Encumbrances has the meaning specified in Section 7.01 . 
 Permitted Indebtedness has the meaning specified in Section 7.03 . 
 Permitted Investments has the meaning specified in Section 7.02 . 
 Permitted Refinancing means, with respect to any Indebtedness, any refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension of such Indebtedness, so long as (i) the amount of such Indebtedness is not increased at the time of such refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension except by an amount equal to a reasonable premium or other reasonable amount paid, and fees and expenses reasonably incurred, in connection with such refinancing and by an amount equal to any existing commitments unutilized thereunder, and the direct or contingent obligor with respect thereto is not changed as a result of or in connection with such refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension, (ii) such extension, renewal or replacement shall not result in an earlier maturity date or decreased weighted average life of such Indebtedness, and (iii) the terms relating to principal amount, amortization, maturity, collateral (if any) and subordination (if any), and other material terms taken as a whole, of any such refinancing, refunding, renewing or extending Indebtedness, and of any agreement entered into and of any instrument issued in connection therewith, are not materially less favorable, taken as a whole, to the Credit Parties than the terms of any agreement or instrument governing the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended or are otherwise market terms. 
 Permitted Self-Insurance Program means a self-insurance program of the Lead Borrower and the other Loan Parties (a)(i) that is permitted under applicable Laws, (ii) of an amount and type customarily carried by Persons engaged in the same or similar business and operating in the same or similar locations, (iii) with respect to which the Lead Borrower has provided the Administrative Agent notice of activation of such program at least 30 days prior to such program becoming effective, and (iv) that otherwise satisfies the requirements set forth in Section 6.07 provided , however , that no self-insurance program may directly insure all or any portion of the Collateral unless (x) such self-insurance program satisfies the foregoing requirements and (y) the Collateral Agent (in consultation with the Lead Lenders) consents in writing (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) to the form and substance of such self-insurance program and (b) with respect to worker s compensation that is permitted under applicable Laws and of an amount and type customarily carried by Persons engaged in the same or similar business and operating in the same or similar locations. 
 Permitted Senior Debt means, subject to the last proviso of this definition, Indebtedness of any Loan Party, in any aggregate principal amount of up to 350,000,000, all pursuant to an indenture, credit agreement, or other loan agreement and guaranty agreements, as applicable provided , that 
 (a) no portion of the principal of such Indebtedness shall be required to be paid, whether by stated maturity, mandatory or scheduled prepayment or redemption or otherwise, prior to the date that is ninety one (91) days after the Maturity Date, other than 
 45 
 11238955v22 11516251 

in the event of (i) customary excess cash flow sweep, (ii) a default under such Indebtedness, (iii) a change of control of the Lead Borrower or (iv) certain asset sales in each case, subject to the standstill and the lien subordination provisions described in clause (d) below 
 (b) such Indebtedness may be unsecured or secured by a first priority Lien on all or any portion of the Excluded Assets only and, if requested, a second priority Lien on any Collateral provided , that the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Credit Parties, is granted a second priority Lien on all Excluded Assets securing such Indebtedness), unless the Administrative Agent reasonably determines (in consultation with the Lead Borrower or as directed by the Required Lenders, as the case may be) that the costs of obtaining a perfected, second priority security interest in all or any portion of such Excluded Assets are excessive in relation to the value of the security to be afforded thereby, and (ii) if such Excluded Assets include any Real Property, no such Real Property shall be included as Collateral without the prior written consent of all of the Lenders) 
 (c) the documents, instruments and other agreements pursuant to which such Indebtedness shall be issued or outstanding shall not be more restrictive than those contained in this Agreement or the other Loan Documents taken as a whole or conflict with or violate the covenants or otherwise create Defaults under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents and 
 (d) to the extent such Indebtedness is secured by all or any portion of the Collateral, such Indebtedness shall be subject to a customary intercreditor agreement reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders, addressing, among other things, (A) the priority of the Liens securing the Collateral and Excluded Assets and the payment of proceeds therefrom, (B) a standstill by the holders of such Indebtedness as to remedies against the Collateral (in accordance with Section 6.12(e)), (C) waivers by the holders of such Indebtedness of rights to contest validity or priority of Liens of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders or object to dispositions of Collateral (including an affirmative agreement by such holders to release Liens of such holders in the event of a disposition of Collateral approved by the Administrative Agent and in accordance with Section 6.12(e)), and (D) waiver of certain rights to object to the use of cash collateral or sale of Collateral, and restrictions on certain claims and actions, in any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws by the holders of such Indebtedness. 
 provided , further , that notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time from and after the Sixth Amendment Effective Date no Indebtedness shall constitute Permitted Senior Debt for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, limited partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 
 Plan means any employee benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) established by the Borrowers or, with respect to any such plan that is subject to Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of ERISA, any ERISA Affiliate. 
 Platform has the meaning specified in Section 6.02 . 
 Prior Week means, as of any date of determination, the immediately preceding week ended on a Friday and commencing on the prior Saturday. 
 46 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Pro Forma Excess Availability means, for any date of calculation, the pro forma average Availability for each Fiscal Month for the Six Month Period most recently ended prior to such date of calculation determined as if the applicable transaction or payment had been consummated as the beginning of such Six Month Period. 
 Pro Rata means, with respect to any Lender, a percentage (expressed as a decimal, rounded to the ninth decimal place) determined (i) while the Aggregate Commitments are outstanding, by dividing the amount of such Lender s Commitment by the amount of the Aggregate Commitments and (ii) at any other time, by dividing the Outstanding Amount of such Lender s Loans and LC Obligations by the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Loans and LC Obligations. 
 Projected Excess Availability means, for any date of calculation, the projected average Availability for each Fiscal Month during the Six Month Period immediately following such date of calculation. 
 Protective Advance means any extension of credit hereunder (whether in the form of a Credit Extension or an advance made by the Administrative Agent) that is made (or deemed to exist) by the Administrative Agent, in its reasonable discretion (unless the Required Revolving Lenders direct the Administrative Agent not to make or to discontinue making Protective Advances), which 
 (a) is made to maintain, protect or preserve the Collateral and or the Credit Parties rights under the Loan Documents or which is otherwise for the benefit of the Credit Parties or 
 (b) is made to enhance the likelihood of, or to maximize the amount of, repayment of any Obligation 
 (c) is made to pay any other amount chargeable to any Loan Party hereunder and 
 (d) together with all other Protective Advances then outstanding, shall not (i) exceed ten percent (10.0 of the Loan Cap at any time or (ii) unless a Liquidation is occurring, remain outstanding for more than forty-five (45) consecutive Business Days, unless in each case, the Required Lenders otherwise agree. 
 provided however , that the foregoing shall not (i) modify or abrogate any of the provisions of Section 2.03 regarding the Lender s obligations with respect to Letters of Credit, or (ii) result in any claim or liability against the Administrative Agent (regardless of the amount of any Protective Advance) for Unintentional Overadvances and such Unintentional Overadvances shall not reduce the amount of Protective Advances allowed hereunder, and further provided that in no event shall the Administrative Agent make Protective Advances, if after giving effect thereto, the principal amount of the Revolving Total Outstandings would exceed the Aggregate Commitments (as in effect prior to any termination of the Aggregate Commitments pursuant to Section 8.02 hereof). 
 PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 Public Lender has the meaning specified in Section 6.02 . 
 QFC has the meaning specified in Section 11.14(b) . 
 47 
 11238955v22 11516251 

QFC Credit Support has the meaning specified in Section 11.14 . 
 Qualifying Disposition means any Disposition pursuant to Section 7.05(l) generating Net Proceeds in excess of 1,000,000. 
 Qualifying Refinancing Transaction means a debt or equity financing transaction entered into for the purpose of refinancing the Subordinated Term Loan Obligations and generating Net Proceeds in an amount at least sufficient to repay all outstanding FILO Loans (if any), subject to the limitations set forth in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
 Real Estate means (i) all land, together with the buildings, structures, parking areas, and other improvements thereon, now or hereafter owned by any Loan Party, including all easements, rights-of-way, and similar rights of a Loan Party or in favor of a Loan Party relating thereto and all leases, tenancies, and occupancies thereof and (ii) all Leases. 
 Real Property means real property as such term is used in the UCC. 
 Receivables Reserves mean such reserves as may be established from time to time by the Administrative Agent in the Administrative Agent s Permitted Discretion with respect to the determination of the collectability in the ordinary course of Eligible Accounts Receivables, including, without limitation, reserves for dilution. 
 Recipient means the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any Lender, any LC Issuer or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party hereunder. 
 Register has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(c) . 
 Registered Public Accounting Firm has the meaning specified by the Securities Laws, if and to the extent such Registered Public Accounting Firm is nationally recognized, and shall be independent of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries as prescribed by the Securities Laws. 
 Regulation U means Regulation U of the FRB, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 Related Parties means, with respect to any Person, such Person s Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors and representatives of such Person and of such Person s Affiliates. 
 Relevant Governmental Body means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. 
 Reportable Event means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than events for which the 30 day notice period has been waived. 
 Reports has the meaning provided in Section 9.12(b) . 
 Request for Credit Extension means (a) with respect to a Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Committed Loans, a Committed Loan Notice, (b) with respect to a conversion or continuation of Committed Loans, a Committed Loan Notice, (c) with respect to an LC Credit Extension, a Letter of Credit Application, and (d) with respect to a Swing Line Loan, a Swing Line Loan Notice. 
 48 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Required Lenders means, as of any date of determination, Lenders holding more than 50.0 of the sum of the Aggregate Commitments plus the Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments or, if the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and the obligation of the LC Issuer to make LC Credit Extensions have been terminated pursuant to Section 8.02 , Lenders holding in the aggregate more than 50.0 of the sum of the Total Outstandings under both Facilities (with the aggregate amount of each Revolving Lender s risk participation and funded participation in LC Obligations and Swing Line Loans being deemed held by such Revolving Lender for purposes of this definition) provided , that the Commitment of, and the portion of the Total Outstandings held or deemed held by, any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Lenders provided , that the amount of any participation in any Swing Line Loan and Unreimbursed Amounts that such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund that have not been reallocated to and funded by another Revolving Lender shall be deemed to be held by the Lender that is the Swing Line Lender or applicable LC Issuer, as the case may be, in making such determination). 
 Rescindable Amount has the meaning as defined in Section 2.12(b)(ii) . 
 Reserves means all Inventory Reserves, Availability Reserves, Receivables Reserves and FILO Reserves. 
 Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 Responsible Officer means the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, treasurer or assistant treasurer or vice president or director of finance of a Loan Party or any of the other individuals designated in writing to the Administrative Agent by an existing Responsible Officer of a Loan Party as an authorized signatory of any certificate or other document to be delivered hereunder, provided , that for the purposes of any Committed Loan Notice, Letter of Credit Application and Swing Line Loan Notice, Responsible Officer shall also include any officer, director or manager of the treasury department of the Lead Borrower who is duly authorized to bind the Lead Borrower and with respect to whom the Administrative Agent has received an incumbency certificate (or any other officer or employee of the applicable Loan Party designated in or pursuant to an agreement between the applicable Loan Party and the Administrative Agent), and solely for purposes of the delivery of incumbency certificates pursuant to Section 4.01 , the secretary or any assistant secretary of a Loan Party. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and or other action on the part of such Loan Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party. 
 Restricted Payment means any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any capital stock or other Equity Interest of any Person, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, defeasance, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such capital stock or other Equity Interest, or on account of any return of capital to such Person s stockholders, partners or members (or the equivalent of any thereof), or any option, warrant or other right to acquire any such dividend or other distribution or payment. Without limiting the foregoing, Restricted Payments with respect to any Person shall also include all payments made by such Person with any proceeds of a dissolution or liquidation of such Person. 
 Revolving Commitment Fee has the meaning specified in Section 2.09(a) . 
 49 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Revolving Credit Commitment means, as to each Revolving Lender, its obligation to (a) make Revolving Loans to the Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.01(a) , (b) purchase participations in LC Obligations and (c) purchase participations in Swing Line Loans, in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Revolving Lender s name with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility on Schedule 2.01 or in any Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Revolving Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. 
 Revolving Credit Facility means, at any time, the collective reference to the Revolving Credit Commitments of the Revolving Lenders, including obligations to purchase participations in Swing Line Loans and LC Obligations. 
 Revolving Lender means each Lender indicated on Schedule 2.01 as a Revolving Lender of Revolving Loans and any other Person that becomes a Revolving Lender pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption. 
 Revolving Loan has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(a) . 
 Revolving Settlement Date has the meaning provided in Section 2.14(a). 
 S&P means Standard & Poor s Financial Services LLC, a subsidiary of S&P Global Inc. and any successor thereto. 
 Sanction(s) means any sanction administered or enforced by the United States Government (including without limitation, OFAC), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majesty s Treasury HMT or other relevant sanctions authority 
 Sarbanes-Oxley means the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Scheduled Unavailability Date has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(c) . 
 SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions. 
 Second Amendment means that certain Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of March 1, 2019, among the Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto. 
 Second Amendment Effective Date means the Second Amendment Effective Date as defined in the Second Amendment. 
 Secured Obligations means all Obligations, all Guaranteed Obligations and all Other Liabilities, provided , that the Secured Obligations shall exclude any Excluded Swap Obligations. 
 Securities Account Control Agreement means with respect to a securities account established by a Loan Party, an agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, establishing Control (as defined in the Security Agreement) of such account by the Collateral Agent and whereby the applicable securities intermediary agrees, during the Cash Dominion Trigger Period, to comply only with the instructions originated by the Collateral Agent without the further consent of any Loan Party. 
 50 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Securities Laws means the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Sarbanes-Oxley, and the applicable accounting and auditing principles, rules, standards and practices promulgated, approved or incorporated by the SEC or the PCAOB. 
 Security Agreement means the Security Agreement dated as of the Closing Date among the Loan Parties and the Collateral Agent, as amended pursuant to the Third Amendment in the form attached as Annex B to the Third Amendment. 
 Security Documents means the Security Agreement, the Blocked Account Agreements, the Securities Account Control Agreements, the DDA Notifications, the Credit Card Notifications and each other security agreement or other instrument or document executed and delivered to the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document granting a Lien to secure any of the Secured Obligations (including, without limitation, any Lien that may be granted from time to time upon all or any portion of the Excluded Assets in accordance with Section 6.12(d) ). 
 Seventh Amendment means that certain Seventh Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of May 24, 2023, among the Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto. 
 Seventh Amendment Effective Date means the Seventh Amendment Effective Date as defined in the Seventh Amendment. 
 Shareholders Equity means, as of any date of determination, consolidated shareholders equity of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of that date determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 Shrink means Inventory which has been lost, misplaced, stolen, or is otherwise unaccounted for. 
 Six Month Period means any period of six (6) consecutive Fiscal Months taken as one accounting period. 
 Sixth Amendment means that certain Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of March 8, 2023, among the Loan Parties party thereto, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto. 
 Sixth Amendment Cash Flow Forecast means a 13-week cash flow forecast and budget (for the period commencing March 8, 2023), of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries consolidated (A) projected cash receipts, (B) projected disbursements, (C) projected operating cash flow, (D) projected Borrowings (including Letters of Credit) to be requested by the Borrower under this Agreement, and (E) projected Borrowing Base and Availability, including back-up schedules and supporting information as reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, which shall be prepared by the Borrower in good faith based upon reasonable assumptions for the 13-week period covered thereby. 
 Sixth Amendment Effective Date has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Sixth Amendment. 
 SOFR means the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator). 
 SOFR Adjustment with respect to Daily Simple SOFR means 0.10 (10.0 basis points) and with respect to Term SOFR means 0.10 (10.0 basis points) for an Interest Period of one- 
 51 
 11238955v22 11516251 

month s duration, 0.15 (15.0 basis points for an Interest Period of three-month s duration, and 0.25 (25.0 basis points) for an Interest Period of six-months duration. 
 Solvent and Solvency means, with respect to any Person on a particular date, that on such date (a) at fair valuation, the value of all of the properties and assets of such Person are greater than the sum of the debts, including contingent liabilities, of such Person, (b) the present fair saleable value of the properties and assets of such Person is not less than the amount that would be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts as they become absolute and matured, (c) such Person is able to realize upon its properties and assets and pay its debts and other liabilities, contingent obligations and other commitments as they mature in the normal course of business, (d) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts beyond such Person s ability to pay as such debts mature, and (e) such Person is not engaged in a business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in a business or transaction, for which such Person s properties and assets would constitute unreasonably small capital after giving due consideration to the prevailing practices in the industry in which such Person is engaged. The amount of all guarantees at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in light of all the facts and circumstances existing at the time, can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability. 
 Specified Default means any event or condition that constitutes, or with the passage of time would constitute, an Event of Default under any of clauses (a), (b) (solely with respect to Section 7.15 ), (f), (g), (k) or (l) of Section 8.01 . 
 Specified DSS Collection Account has the meaning set forth in Section 6.13(c) . 
 Specified Event means a liquidity event, which may include a sale of Equity Interests or a Disposition of assets related to one or more of the Loan Parties business units and any associated Intellectual Property used exclusively therewith, in each case, that is made for all cash consideration and specified to the Administrative Agent in writing as of the Sixth Amendment Effective Date or, with the written consent of the Administrative Agent, prior to the consummation thereof provided , however , in each case such liquidity event (including, without limitation, the applicable Loan Parties application of the proceeds thereof) is in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement. 
 Specified Event Closing Date means each date that a Specified Event is consummated. 
 Specified Liquidity Transaction has the meaning set forth in Section 6.19( c)(i). 
 Specified Payments means payments made from time to time by or on behalf of the Lead Borrower, as disclosed to and approved (in its sole discretion) by the Administrative Agent, in an aggregate amount not to exceed 8,000,000 solely in respect of outstanding obligations disclosed to the Administrative Agent prior to the Seventh Amendment Effective Date. 
 Specified Refinancing Transaction has the meaning set forth in Section 6.19( b) . 
 Specified Store Collection Accounts has the meaning set forth in Section 6.13(c). 
 Spin-Off means the ratable distribution of equity interests in the Lead Borrower by Barnes & Noble to the equity holders of Barnes & Noble on the Closing Date. 
 Spin-Off Agreements means the separation and distribution agreement, transition services agreement, tax matters agreement, employee matters agreement, any shared services agreements, all intellectual property license agreements and all other material contracts and 
 52 
 11238955v22 11516251 

agreements entered into between the Lead Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any of the B&N Parties, on the other hand. 
 Standby Letter of Credit means any Letter of Credit that is not a Commercial Letter of Credit and that (a) is used in lieu or in support of performance guaranties or performance, surety or similar bonds (excluding appeal bonds) arising in the ordinary course of business, (b) is used in lieu or in support of stay or appeal bonds, (c) supports the payment of insurance premiums for reasonably necessary casualty insurance carried by any of the Loan Parties, or (d) supports payment or performance for identified purchases or exchanges of products or services in the ordinary course of business. 
 Stated Amount means at any time the maximum amount for which a Letter of Credit may be honored. 
 Store means any retail store (which may include any real property, fixtures, equipment, inventory and other property related thereto) operated, or to be operated, by any Loan Party. 
 Subordinated Term Loan Agreement means that certain Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated on or about June 7, 2022, among the Lead Borrower, as the borrower, the other Loan Parties, as guarantors, the lenders party thereto from time to time and Toplids LendCo, LLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with its terms and with the Intercreditor Agreement. 
 Subordinated Term Loan Obligations means the Secured Obligations as defined in the Subordinated Term Loan Agreement. 
 Subsidiary of a Person means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other business entity of which a majority of the shares Equity Interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body (other than securities or interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) are at the time beneficially owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of a Loan Party. 
 Successor Rate has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(b). 
 Super-Majority Required Lenders means, as of any date of determination, Revolving Lenders holding more than 66.67 of the Aggregate Commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility or, if the commitment of each Revolving Lender to make Revolving Loans and the obligation of the LC Issuer to make LC Credit Extensions have been terminated pursuant to Section 8.02 , Revolving Lenders holding in the aggregate more than 66.67 of the Total Outstandings under the Revolving Credit Facility (with the aggregate amount of each Lender s risk participation and funded participation in LC Obligations and Swing Line Loans being deemed held by such Lender for purposes of this definition) provided , that the Commitment of, and the portion of the Total Outstandings held or deemed held by, any Defaulting Lender under the Revolving Credit Facility shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Super-Majority Required Lenders provided , that the amount of any participation in any Swing Line Loan and Unreimbursed Amounts that such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund that have not been reallocated to and funded by another Lender shall be deemed to be held by the Lender that is the Swing Line Lender or applicable LC Issuer, as the case may be, in making such determination). 
 53 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Supported QFC has the meaning specified in Section 11.14 . 
 Swap Contract means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a Master Agreement ), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement. 
 Swap Obligations means with respect to any Borrower or Guarantor any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of Section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 Swap Termination Value means, in respect of any one or more Swap Contracts, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Swap Contracts, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Contracts have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Swap Contracts, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap Contracts (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender). 
 Swing Line means the revolving credit facility made available by the Swing Line Lender pursuant to Section 2.04 . 
 Swing Line Borrowing means a borrowing of a Swing Line Loan pursuant to Section 2.04 . 
 Swing Line Lender means Bank of America in its capacity as provider of Swing Line Loans, or any successor swing line lender hereunder. 
 Swing Line Loan has the meaning specified in Section 2.04(a) . 
 Swing Line Loan Notice means a notice of a Swing Line Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.04(b) , which, if in writing, shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit B , or such other form as approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approve by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. 
 Swing Line Note means the promissory note of the Borrowers substantially in the form of Exhibit C-2 , payable to the order of the Swing Line Lender, evidencing the Swing Line Loans made by the Swing Line Lender. 
 54 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Swing Line Sublimit means an amount equal to the lesser of (a) 50,000,000 and (b) the Aggregate Commitments. The Swing Line Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Aggregate Commitments. 
 Synthetic Lease Obligation means the monetary obligation of a Person under (a) a so-called synthetic, off-balance sheet or tax retention lease, or (b) an agreement for the use or possession of property (including sale and leaseback transactions), in each case, creating obligations that do not appear on the balance sheet of such Person but which, upon the application of any Debtor Relief Laws to such Person, would be characterized as the indebtedness of such Person (without regard to accounting treatment). 
 Tax Materials any materials (together with all supplements or other modifications thereto) related to the CARES Act Tax Refund Claim prepared by any third party for any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries on or prior to the Eighth Amendment Effective Date. 
 Tax Refund Advance Amount means an amount equal to (a) solely during the Accommodation Period, the lesser of (i) 10,000,000 and (ii) 100 of the then applicable amount of the Eligible CARES Act Tax Refund Claim and (b) at all other times, 0 (it being understood and agreed that the amounts set forth in the foregoing clause (a) shall at all times be subject to the Accommodation Limitations). 
 Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholdings), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 Term SOFR means 
 (a) for any Interest Period with respect to a Term SOFR Loan, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period with a term equivalent to such Interest Period provided that if the rate is not published prior to 11 00 a.m. on such determination date then Term SOFR means the Term SOFR Screen Rate on the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto, in each case, plus the SOFR Adjustment for such Interest Period and 
 (b) for any interest calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any date, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate with a term of one month commencing that day 
 provided that if Term SOFR determined in accordance with either of the foregoing provisions (a) or (b) of this definition would otherwise be less than zero, Term SOFR shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Term SOFR Loan means a Committed Loan that bears interest at a rate based on clause (a) of the definition of Term SOFR. 
 Term SOFR Screen Rate means the forward-looking SOFR term rate administered by CME (or any successor administrator satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) and published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time). 
 Termination Date means the earliest to occur of (i) the Maturity Date, (ii) the date on which the maturity of the Obligations is accelerated (or deemed accelerated) and the Commitments are irrevocably terminated (or deemed terminated) in accordance with Article VIII or (iii) the termination of the Commitments in accordance with Section 2.06 hereof. 
 55 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Third Amendment means that certain Third Amendment and Waiver to Credit Agreement and First Amendment to Security Agreement, dated as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, among the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto. 
 Third Amendment Effective Date has the meaning given such term in the Third Amendment. 
 Total Outstandings means (a) for purposes of the determining Required Lenders and Super-Majority Required Lenders or any other provision of the Loan Documents that expressly refers to the Total Outstandings under the Facilities, the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Loans and LC Obligations, (b) with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility, the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Revolving Loans and LC Obligations and (c) with respect to the FILO Facility, the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all FILO Loans. 
 Trading With the Enemy Act has the meaning set forth in Section 10.18 . 
 Transaction Committee Resolutions has the meaning specified in Section 6.21(a). 
 Twelve Month Period means any period of twelve (12) consecutive Fiscal Months taken as one accounting period. 
 Type means, with respect to a Committed Loan, its character as a Base Rate Loan or a Term SOFR Loan. 
 UCC or Uniform Commercial Code means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of New York provided , however , that if a term is defined in Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code differently than in another Article thereof, the term shall have the meaning set forth in Article 9 provided further that, if by reason of mandatory provisions of law, perfection, or the effect of perfection or non-perfection, of a security interest in any Collateral or the availability of any remedy hereunder is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in a jurisdiction other than the State of New York, Uniform Commercial Code means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in such other jurisdiction for purposes of the provisions hereof relating to such perfection or effect of perfection or non-perfection or availability of such remedy, as the case may be. 
 UCP means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, International Chamber of Commerce ICC Publication No. 600 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance). 
 UFCA has the meaning specified in Section 10.21(d) . 
 UFTA has the meaning specified in Section 10.21(d) . 
 UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person subject to IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 56 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Unfunded Pension Liability means the excess of a Pension Plan s benefit liabilities under Section 4001(a)(16) of ERISA, over the current value of that Pension Plan s assets, determined in accordance with the assumptions used for funding the Pension Plan pursuant to Section 412 of the Code for the applicable plan year. 
 Unintentional Overadvance means an Overadvance which, to the Administrative Agent s knowledge, did not constitute an Overadvance when made but which has become an Overadvance resulting from changed circumstances beyond the control of the Credit Parties, including, without limitation, (a) a reduction in the appraised value of property or assets included in the Borrowing Base, (b) components of the Borrowing Base on any date thereafter being deemed ineligible, (c) the imposition of, or increase in, any Reserve or a reduction in advance rates after the funding of any Loan or advance or the issuance, renewal or amendment of a Letter of Credit, (d) the return of uncollected checks or other items of payment applied to the reduction of Loans or other similar involuntary or unintentional actions, or (e) any misrepresentation by the Loan Parties. 
 United States and U.S. mean the United States of America. 
 Unreimbursed Amount has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(c)(i) . 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any Business Day, except any Business Day on which any of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, the New York Stock Exchange or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is not open for business because such day is a legal holiday under the federal laws of the United States or the laws of the State of New York, as applicable 
 U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States Person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(e)(ii)(B)(III) . 
 Variance Testing Period means the period beginning on June 3, 2023. 
 VitalSource Supply Contract means that certain Amended & Restated Digital Content and Platform Services Agreement, dated as of August 19, 2019 and as in effect as of the Eighth Amendment Effective Date, by and between VitalSource Technologies LLC and the Lead Borrower. 
 Weekly Reporting Trigger means (a) the occurrence of an Event of Default or (b) the occurrence of an Availability Event. 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 57 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Other Interpretive Provisions. With reference to this Agreement and each other Loan Document, unless otherwise specified herein or in such other Loan Document 
 (a) The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall . Unless the context requires otherwise, (i) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document (including any Organization Document) shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein or in any other Loan Document), (ii) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns, (iii) the words herein , hereof and hereunder , and words of similar import when used in any Loan Document, shall be construed to refer to such Loan Document in its entirety and not to any particular provision thereof, (iv) all references in a Loan Document to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, the Loan Document in which such references appear, (v) any reference to any law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending replacing or interpreting such law and any reference to any law or regulation shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such law or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, (vi) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights and (vii) except to the extent otherwise set forth in this Agreement, the word promptly when used with respect to any action or delivery by any Loan Party shall mean as soon as reasonably possible, but no later than five (5) Business Days. 
 (b) In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including the words to and until each mean to but excluding and the word through means to and including . 
 (c) Section headings herein and in the other Loan Documents are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (d) Any reference herein to a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, consolidation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, shall be deemed to apply to a division of or by a limited liability company, or an allocation of assets to a series of a limited liability company (or the unwinding of such a division or allocation), as if it were a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, consolidation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, as applicable, to, of or with a separate Person. Any division of a limited liability company shall constitute a separate Person hereunder (and each division of any limited liability company that is a Subsidiary, joint venture or any other like term shall also constitute such a Person or entity). 
 Accounting Terms. 
 (a) Generally . All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP applied on a consistent basis, as in effect from time to time, 
 58 
 11238955v22 11516251 

applied in a manner consistent with that used in preparing the Audited Financial Statements for the fiscal year ended May 2, 2015, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of determining compliance with any covenant (including the computation of any financial covenant) contained herein, Indebtedness of any Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall be deemed to be carried at 100 of the outstanding principal amount thereof, and the effects of FASB ASC 825 and FASB ASC 470-20 on financial liabilities shall be disregarded. 
 (b) Changes in GAAP . If at any time any change in GAAP would affect the computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan Document, and either the Lead Borrower or the Required Lenders shall so request, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Lead Borrower shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP (subject to the approval of the Required Lenders) provided , that until so amended, (i) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein and (ii) the Lead Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP. Without limiting the foregoing, leases shall continue to be classified and accounted for on a basis consistent with that reflected in the Audited Financial Statements for the fiscal year ended May 2, 2015 for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding any change in GAAP relating thereto, unless the parties hereto shall enter into a mutually acceptable amendment addressing such changes, as provided for above. 
 (c) Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities . All references herein to consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or to the determination of any amount for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis or any similar reference shall, in each case, be deemed to include each variable interest entity that the Borrower is required to consolidate pursuant to FASB ASC 810 as if such variable interest entity were a Subsidiary as defined herein. 
 Rounding. Any financial ratios required to be maintained by the Borrowers pursuant to this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearest number). 
 Times of Day Interest Rates. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to Eastern time (daylight or standard, as applicable). The Administrative Agent does not warrant, nor accept responsibility, nor shall the Administrative Agent have any liability with respect to the administration, submission or any other matter related to any reference rate referred to herein or with respect to any rate (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the selection of such rate and any related spread or other adjustment) that is an alternative or replacement for or successor to any such rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing) or the effect of any of the foregoing, or of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions or other activities that affect any reference rate referred to herein, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing) or any related spread or other adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrowers. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any reference rate referred to herein or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing), in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrowers, any Lender 
 59 
 11238955v22 11516251 

or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or other action or omission related to or affecting the selection, determination, or calculation of any rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 
 Letter of Credit Amounts. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the Stated Amount of such Letter of Credit in effect at such time provided , however , that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms or by the terms of any Issuer Documents related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the Stated Amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the maximum Stated Amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum Stated Amount is in effect at such time. 
 Ratio Adjustments for Acquisitions and Dispositions. 
 (a) Ratio Acquisition Adjustments . Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, for purposes of calculating the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio or the Consolidated Adjusted Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for any period (or a portion of a period) that includes the date of the consummation of any Permitted Acquisition, references to Lead Borrower and the other Loan Parties shall include each acquired Person (if such Person becomes a Loan Party during such period of measurement), or lines of business, as applicable, and the Consolidated EBITDA and each other component of Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio and Consolidated Adjusted Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, as applicable, of such acquired Person (if such Person becomes a Loan Party during such period of measurement) or line of business (such Consolidated EBITDA and other components to be formulated on the basis of the definitions set forth herein), as if the Acquisition had been consummated on the first day of any such period of measurement. 
 (b) Ratio Disposition Adjustments . Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, for purposes of calculating the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio or the Consolidated Adjusted Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for any period (or a portion of a period) that includes the date of any Disposition of a Loan Party or line of business, as applicable, Consolidated EBITDA and each other component of Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio and Consolidated Adjusted Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, as applicable, shall be determined on a historical pro forma basis to exclude the results of operations of such Loan Party or line of business, as applicable so disposed. 
 Intentionally Omitted. 
 Notices Generally. Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, any notice required to be provided by the Loan Parties shall be substantially in the form of notice attached as Exhibit M hereto. 
 THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 
 Revolving Loans Reserves. 
 (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Revolving Lender severally agrees to make loans (each such loan, a Revolving Loan to the Borrowers from time to time, on any Business Day during the Availability Period, in an aggregate outstanding amount not to exceed at any time the lesser of (x) the amount of such Revolving 
 60 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment, or (y) such Revolving Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Borrowing Base, subject in each case to the following limitations 
 (i) after giving effect to any Committed Borrowing under this Section 2.01 , the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Revolving Loans of any Revolving Lender, plus such Revolving Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all LC Obligations, plus such Revolving Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all Swing Line Loans, plus such Revolving Lender s Applicable Percentage of Protective Advances shall not exceed such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment, 
 (ii) the Outstanding Amount of all LC Obligations shall not at any time exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit, and 
 (iii) after giving effect to any Revolving Borrowing, the Total Outstandings under the Revolving Credit Facility shall not exceed the Loan Cap. 
 Within the limits of each Revolving Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Borrowers may borrow under this Section 2.01(a) , prepay under Section 2.05 , and reborrow under this Section 2.01(a) . Revolving Loans may be Base Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans, as further provided herein. 
 (b) The Administrative Agent shall have the right, at any time and from time to time after the Closing Date upon not less than two (2) Business Days prior notice, in its Permitted Discretion to establish, and modify or eliminate, Reserves provided , that during such notice period, solely for purposes of any determination of the Borrowing Base in connection with a Request for Credit Extension, the Borrowing Base shall be calculated after giving effect to such Reserves provided , further , that that no such prior notice shall be required (a) for changes to any Reserves resulting solely by virtue of mathematical calculations of the amount of the Reserve in accordance with the methodology of calculation previously utilized, (b) for changes to Reserves or establishment of additional Reserves if a Material Adverse Effect has occurred or it could be reasonably likely that a Material Adverse Effect could occur were such Reserve not changed or established prior to the expiration of such two (2) Business Day period, or (c) if an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 
 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Committed Loans. 
 (a) Committed Loans (other than Swing Line Loans) shall be either Base Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans as the Lead Borrower may request subject to and in accordance with this Section 2.02 . All Swing Line Loans shall be only Base Rate Loans. Subject to the other provisions of this Section 2.02 , Committed Borrowings of more than one Type may be incurred at the same time. 
 (b) Each Committed Borrowing of Revolving Loans, each conversion of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, and each continuation of Term SOFR Loans shall be made upon the Lead Borrower s irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent, which may be given by (A) telephone or (B) Committed Loan Notice provided that any telephonic notice must be confirmed immediately by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Committed Loan Notice. Each such Committed Loan Notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 1 00 p.m. (i) three Business Days prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term SOFR Loans or of any conversion of Term SOFR Loans to Base Rate Loans, and (ii) on the requested date of any Borrowing of Base Rate Loans. Each Committed Borrowing of Term SOFR Loans under the FILO Facility shall be made in accordance with Section 2.18(d) . Each Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term 
 61 
 11238955v22 11516251 

SOFR Loans shall be in a principal amount of 5,000,000 or a whole multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof. Except as provided in Section 2.03(c) and Section 2.04(c) , each Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of 500,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, but subject to the remaining terms and conditions of this Agreement (including without limitation the conditions precedent to the Revolving Lenders obligation to honor any request for a Committed Borrowing of Revolving Loans) if any Committed Borrowing of Revolving Loans in any of the foregoing minimum amounts with respect to Base Rate Loans would cause Availability to be less than zero immediately after such Committed Borrowing, such Committed Borrowing may be made in such lesser amount as is necessary to make Availability equal to zero immediately after such Committed Borrowing. Each Committed Loan Notice shall specify (i) whether the Lead Borrower is requesting a Committed Borrowing, a conversion of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, or a continuation of Term SOFR Loans, (ii) the requested date of the Borrowing, conversion or continuation, as the case may be (which shall be a Business Day), (iii) the principal amount of Committed Loans to be borrowed, converted or continued, (iv) the Type (if any) of Committed Loans to be borrowed or to which existing Committed Loans are to be converted, and (v) if applicable, the duration of the Interest Period with respect thereto. If the Borrower fails to specify a Type of Committed Loan in a Committed Loan Notice or if the Borrower fails to give a timely notice requesting a conversion or continuation, then the applicable Committed Loans shall be made as, or converted to, Base Rate Loans. Any such automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans shall be effective as of the last day of the Interest Period then in effect with respect to the applicable Term SOFR Loans. If the Lead Borrower requests a Borrowing of, conversion to, or continuation of Term SOFR Loans in any such Committed Loan Notice, but fails to specify an Interest Period, it will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one month. 
 (c) Following receipt of a Committed Loan Notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each applicable Lender of the amount of its Applicable Percentage of the applicable Committed Loans, and if no timely notice of conversion or continuation is provided by the Lead Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the details of any automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans described in the preceding section. In the case of a Committed Borrowing, each applicable Lender shall make the amount of its Committed Loan available to the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds at the Administrative Agent s Office not later than 1 00 p.m. on the Business Day specified in the applicable Committed Loan Notice. Upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (and, if such Borrowing is (x) the initial Credit Extension, Section 4.01 or (y) a Borrowing of a FILO Loan, Section 2.18(c) ), the Administrative Agent shall make all funds so received available to the Borrowers in as received by the Administrative Agent either by (i) crediting the account of the Lead Borrower on the books of Bank of America with the amount of such funds or (ii) wire transfer of such funds, in each case in accordance with instructions provided to (and reasonably acceptable to) the Administrative Agent by the Lead Borrower provided , however , that if, on the date the Committed Loan Notice with respect to any such Borrowing of Revolving Loans is given by the Lead Borrower, there are LC Borrowings outstanding, then the proceeds of such Borrowing, first , shall be applied to the payment in full of any such LC Borrowings, and second , shall be made available to the Borrowers as provided above. 
 (d) The Administrative Agent, without the request of the Lead Borrower, may advance any interest, fee, service charge, Credit Party Expenses, or other payment to which any Credit Party is entitled from the Loan Parties pursuant hereto or any other Loan Document and may charge the same to the Loan Account notwithstanding that an Overadvance may result thereby, provided , that no such charge shall increase the time that any Protective Advance may remain outstanding. The Administrative Agent shall advise the Lead Borrower of any such advance or charge promptly after the making thereof. Such action on the part of the Administrative Agent shall not constitute a waiver of the Administrative Agent s rights and the 
 62 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Borrowers obligations under Section 2.05(c) , Section 2.05(d) or Section 2.05(e) . Any amount which is added to the principal balance of the Loan Account as provided in this Section 2.02(d) shall bear interest at the interest rate then and thereafter applicable to Base Rate Loans. 
 (e) Except as otherwise provided herein, a Term SOFR Loan may be continued or converted only on the last day of an Interest Period for such Term SOFR Loan. During the existence of a Default, no Loans may be requested as, converted to or continued as Term SOFR Loans without the Consent of the Required Lenders. 
 (f) The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Lead Borrower and the Lenders of the interest rate applicable to any Interest Period for Term SOFR Loans upon determination of such interest rate. At any time that Base Rate Loans are outstanding, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Lead Borrower and the Lenders of any change in Bank of America s prime rate used in determining the Base Rate promptly following the public announcement of such change. 
 (g) After giving effect to all Committed Borrowings, all conversions of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, and all continuations of Committed Loans as the same Type, there shall not be more than seven (7) Interest Periods total in effect with respect to Committed Loans. 
 (h) The Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Swing Line Lender and the LC Issuer shall have no obligation to make any Loan or to provide any Letter of Credit if an Overadvance would result. The Administrative Agent may, in its reasonable discretion, make Protective Advances without the consent of the Lenders, the Swing Line Lender and the LC Issuer and each Lender shall be bound thereby provided , however , that the Administrative Agent shall cease making Protective Advances if so directed by the Required Lenders. Any Protective Advance may constitute a Swing Line Loan. A Protective Advance is for the account of the Borrowers and shall constitute a Committed Loan and an Obligation and shall be repaid by the Borrowers in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.05(c) . The making of any such Protective Advance on any one occasion shall not obligate the Administrative Agent or any Lender to make or permit any Protective Advance on any other occasion or to permit such Protective Advance to remain outstanding. The making by the Administrative Agent of a Protective Advance shall not modify or abrogate any of the provisions of Section 2.03 regarding the Lenders obligations to purchase participations with respect to Letter of Credits or of Section 2.04 regarding the Lenders obligations to purchase participations with respect to Swing Line Loans. The Administrative Agent shall have no liability for, and no Loan Party or Credit Party shall have the right to, or shall, bring any claim of any kind whatsoever against the Administrative Agent with respect to Unintentional Overadvances regardless of the amount of any such Overadvance(s). Upon the making of a Protective Advance by the Administrative Agent (whether before or after the occurrence of a Default), each Revolving Lender shall be deemed, without further action by any party hereto, unconditionally and irrevocably to have purchased from the Administrative Agent without recourse or warranty, an undivided interest and participation in such Protective Advance in proportion to its Applicable Percentage of such Protective Advance. From and after the date, if any, on which any Revolving Lender is required to fund its participation in any Protective Advance purchased hereunder, the Administrative Agent shall promptly distribute to such Revolving Lender, such Revolving Lender s Applicable Percentage of all payments of principal and interest and all proceeds of Collateral received by the Administrative Agent in respect of such Protective Advance. At any time that the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4.02 have been satisfied or waived, the Administrative Agent may request that the Revolving Lenders make a Revolving Loans to repay a Protective Advance. At any other time, the Administrative Agent may require the Revolving Lenders to fund their risk participations in such Protective Advances. 
 63 
 11238955v22 11516251 

(i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any Lender may exchange, continue or rollover all of the portion of its Loans in connection with any refinancing, extension, loan modification or similar transaction permitted by the terms of this Agreement, pursuant to a cashless settlement mechanism approved by the Lead Borrower, the Administrative Agent, and such Lender. 
 (j) With respect to SOFR or Term SOFR, the Administrative Agent will have the right in consultation with the Lead Borrower to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the Borrowers and the Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. 
 Letters of Credit. 
 (a) The Letter of Credit Commitment . 
 (i) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (A) the LC Issuer agrees, in reliance upon the agreements of the Revolving Lenders set forth in this Section 2.03 , (1) from time to time on any Business Day during the period from the Closing Date until the Termination Date (or the date of termination of the Commitments, if earlier), to issue Letters of Credit for the account of the Borrowers, and to amend or extend Letters of Credit previously issued by it, in accordance with Section 2.03(b) below, and (2) to honor drawings under the Letters of Credit and (B) the Revolving Lenders severally agree to participate in Letters of Credit issued for the account of the Borrowers and any drawings thereunder provided , that after giving effect to any LC Credit Extension with respect to any Letter of Credit, (w) the Total Outstandings under the Revolving Credit Facility shall not exceed the Loan Cap, (x) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Revolving Loans of any Revolving Lender, plus such Revolving Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all LC Obligations, plus such Revolving Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all Swing Line Loans and Protective Advances shall not exceed such Revolving Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment, (y) the Outstanding Amount of the LC Obligations shall not exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit (or, with respect to Letters of Credit issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., the sublimit for JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as described in the definition of LC Issuer and (z) the Total Outstandings under the Revolving Credit Facility shall not exceed the Loan Cap. Each request by the Lead Borrower for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be a representation by the Borrowers that the LC Credit Extension so requested complies with the conditions set forth in the proviso to the preceding sentence. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Borrowers ability to obtain Letters of Credit shall be fully revolving, and accordingly the Borrowers may, during the foregoing period, obtain Letters of Credit to replace Letters of Credit that have expired or that have been drawn upon and reimbursed. Any LC Issuer (other than Bank of America or any of its Affiliates) shall notify the Administrative Agent in writing on each Business Day of all Letters of Credit issued on the prior Business Day by such LC Issuer, provided , that (A) until the Administrative Agent advises any such LC Issuer that the provisions of Section 4.02 are not satisfied, or (B) the aggregate amount of the Letters of Credit issued in any such week exceeds such amount as shall be agreed by the Administrative Agent and the LC Issuer, such LC Issuer shall be required to so notify the Administrative Agent in writing only once each week of the Letters of Credit issued by such LC Issuer during the immediately preceding week as well as the daily amounts 
 64 
 11238955v22 11516251 

outstanding for the prior week, such notice to be furnished on such day of the week as the Administrative Agent and such LC Issuer may agree. All Existing Letters of Credit shall be deemed to have been issued pursuant hereto, and from and after the Closing Date shall be subject to and governed by the terms and conditions hereof. 
 (ii) The LC Issuer shall not issue any Letter of Credit, if 
 (A) subject to Section 2.03(b)(iii) , the expiry date of a requested Standby Letter of Credit would occur more than twelve (12) months after the date of issuance or last extension, unless the LC Issuer and the Administrative Agent each consent, in their sole discretion, to a later expiry date or 
 (B) the expiry date of a requested Commercial Letter of Credit would occur more than 180 days after the date of issuance or last extension, unless the LC Issuer and the Administrative Agent each consent, in their sole discretion, to a later expiry date or 
 (C) the expiry date of any requested Letter of Credit would occur after the fifth day prior to the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, unless such Letter of Credit is required to be (and at the applicable time is) Cash Collateralized on or prior to the thirtieth day prior to the Letter of Credit Expiration Date. 
 (iii) The LC Issuer shall not be under any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if 
 (A) any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain the LC Issuer from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any Law applicable to the LC Issuer or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over the LC Issuer shall prohibit, or request that the LC Issuer refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon the LC Issuer with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which the LC Issuer is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose upon the LC Issuer any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Closing Date and which the LC Issuer in good faith deems material to it 
 (B) the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of the LC Issuer applicable to letters of credit generally 
 (C) such Letter of Credit is to be denominated in a currency other than Dollars provided , that if the LC Issuer, in its discretion, issues a Letter of Credit denominated in a currency other than Dollars, all reimbursements by the Borrowers of the honoring of any drawing under such Letter of Credit shall be paid in the currency in which such Letter of Credit was denominated 
 (D) such Letter of Credit contains any provisions for automatic reinstatement of the Stated Amount after any drawing thereunder or 
 (E) a default with respect to any Revolving Lender s reimbursement or funding obligations under Section 2.03(c) exists or any Revolving Lender is at such time a Defaulting Lender, unless the LC Issuer has entered into arrangements satisfactory to the LC Issuer (in its sole discretion) with the Borrowers or such Revolving Lender to eliminate the LC Issuer s actual or potential Fronting Exposure 
 65 
 11238955v22 11516251 

(after giving effect to Section 2.17(b)) with respect to the Defaulting Lender arising from either the Letter of Credit then proposed to be issued or that Letter of Credit and all other LC Obligations as to which the LC Issuer has actual or potential Fronting Exposure, as it may elect in its sole discretion. 
 (iv) The LC Issuer shall not amend any Letter of Credit if the LC Issuer would not be permitted at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof or if the beneficiary of such Letter of Credit does not accept the proposed amendment to such Letter of Credit. 
 (v) The LC Issuer shall act on behalf of the Revolving Lenders with respect to any Letters of Credit issued by it and the documents associated therewith, and the LC Issuer shall have all of the benefits and immunities (A) provided to the Administrative Agent in Article IX with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by the LC Issuer in connection with Letters of Credit issued by it or proposed to be issued by it and Issuer Documents pertaining to such Letters of Credit as fully as if the term Administrative Agent as used in Article IX included the LC Issuer with respect to such acts or omissions, and (B) as additionally provided herein with respect to the LC Issuer. 
 (b) Procedures for Issuance and Amendment of Letters of Credit Auto-Extension Letters of Credit . 
 (i) Each Letter of Credit shall be issued or amended, as the case may be, upon the request of the Lead Borrower delivered to the LC Issuer (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) or online, consistent with past practice, in the form of a Letter of Credit Application, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower. Such Letter of Credit Application may be sent by facsimile, by United States mail, by overnight courier, by electronic transmission using the system provided by the LC Issuer, by personal delivery or by any other means acceptable to the LC Issuer. Such Letter of Credit Application must be received by the LC Issuer and the Administrative Agent not later than 11 00 a.m. at least three (3) Business Days (or such other date and time as the Administrative Agent and the LC Issuer may agree in a particular instance in their sole discretion) prior to the proposed issuance date or date of amendment, as the case may be. In the case of a request for an initial issuance of a Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail satisfactory to the LC Issuer (A) the proposed issuance date of the requested Letter of Credit (which shall be a Business Day) (B) the amount thereof (C) the expiry date thereof (D) the name and address of the beneficiary thereof (E) the documents to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder (F) the full text of any certificate to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder thereunder (G) the purpose and nature of the requested Letter of Credit and (H) such other matters as the LC Issuer may require. In the case of a request for an amendment of any outstanding Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail satisfactory to the LC Issuer (A) the Letter of Credit to be amended (B) the proposed date of amendment thereof (which shall be a Business Day) (C) the nature of the proposed amendment and (D) such other matters as the LC Issuer may require. Additionally, the Lead Borrower shall furnish to the LC Issuer and the Administrative Agent such other documents and information pertaining to such requested Letter of Credit issuance or amendment, including any Issuer Documents, as the LC Issuer or the Administrative Agent may require. 
 (ii) Promptly after receipt of any Letter of Credit Application, the LC Issuer will confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) that the Administrative Agent has received a copy of such Letter of Credit Application from the 
 66 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Borrowers and, if not, the LC Issuer will provide the Administrative Agent with a copy thereof. Unless the LC Issuer has received written notice from any Revolving Lender, the Administrative Agent or any Loan Party, at least one Business Day prior to the requested date of issuance or amendment of the applicable Letter of Credit, that one or more applicable conditions contained in Article IV shall not then be satisfied, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the LC Issuer shall, on the requested date, issue a Letter of Credit for the account of the applicable Borrower or enter into the applicable amendment, as the case may be, in each case in accordance with the LC Issuer s usual and customary business practices. Immediately upon the issuance or amendment of each Letter of Credit, each Revolving Lender shall be deemed to (without any further action), and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the LC Issuer, without recourse or warranty, a risk participation in such Letter of Credit in an amount equal to the product of such Revolving Lender s Applicable Percentage under the Revolving Credit Facility times the amount of such Letter of Credit. Upon any change in the Revolving Credit Commitments under this Agreement, it is hereby agreed that with respect to all LC Obligations, there shall be an automatic adjustment to the participations hereby created to reflect the new Applicable Percentages of the assigning and assignee Revolving Lenders. 
 (iii) If the Lead Borrower so requests in any applicable Letter of Credit Application, the LC Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, agree to issue a Standby Letter of Credit that has automatic extension provisions (each, an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit provided , that any such Auto-Extension Letter of Credit must permit the LC Issuer to prevent any such extension at least once in each twelve-month period (commencing with the date of issuance of such Standby Letter of Credit) by giving prior notice to the beneficiary thereof not later than a day (the Non-Extension Notice Date in each such twelve-month period to be agreed upon at the time such Standby Letter of Credit is issued. Unless otherwise directed by the LC Issuer, the Lead Borrower shall not be required to make a specific request to the LC Issuer for any such extension. Once an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit has been issued, the Revolving Lenders shall be deemed to have authorized (but may not require) the LC Issuer to permit the extension of such Standby Letter of Credit at any time to an expiry date not later than twelve months following the Letter of Credit Expiration Date provided , however , that the LC Issuer shall not permit any such extension if (A) the LC Issuer has determined that it would not be permitted, or would have no obligation, at such time to issue such Standby Letter of Credit in its revised form (as extended) under the terms hereof (by reason of the provisions of clauses (ii) or (iii) of Section 2.03(a) or otherwise), or (B) it has received notice (which may be by telephone or in writing) on or before the day that is five Business Days before the Non-Extension Notice Date (1) from the Administrative Agent that the Required Lenders have elected not to permit such extension or (2) from the Administrative Agent, any Revolving Lender or the Lead Borrower that one or more of the applicable conditions specified in Section 4.02 is not then satisfied, and in each such case directing the LC Issuer not to permit such extension. 
 (iv) Promptly after its delivery of any Letter of Credit or any amendment to a Letter of Credit to an advising bank with respect thereto or to the beneficiary thereof, the LC Issuer will also deliver to the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent a true and complete copy of such Letter of Credit or amendment. 
 (c) Drawings and Reimbursements Funding of Participations . 
 (i) Upon receipt from the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit of any notice of a drawing under such Letter of Credit, the LC Issuer shall notify the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent thereof provided , however , that any failure to 
 67 
 11238955v22 11516251 

give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the Borrowers of their obligation to reimburse the LC Issuer and the Revolving Lenders with respect to any such payment. Not later than 11 00 a.m. on the Business Day following the date of any payment by the LC Issuer under a Letter of Credit (each such date, an Honor Date ), the Borrowers shall reimburse the LC Issuer through the Administrative Agent in an amount equal to the amount of such drawing. If the Borrowers fail to so reimburse the LC Issuer by such time, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Revolving Lender of the Honor Date, the amount of the unreimbursed drawing (the Unreimbursed Amount ), and the amount of such Revolving Lender s Applicable Percentage thereof. In such event, the Borrowers shall be deemed to have requested a Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Loans under the Revolving Credit Facility to be disbursed on the Honor Date in an amount equal to the Unreimbursed Amount, without regard to the minimum and multiples specified in Section 2.02 for the principal amount of Base Rate Loans, but subject to the amount of the unutilized portion of the Aggregate Commitments and the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (other than the delivery of a Committed Loan Notice). Any notice given by the LC Issuer or the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 2.03(c)(i) may be given by telephone if immediately confirmed in writing provided , that the lack of such an immediate confirmation shall not affect the conclusiveness or binding effect of such notice. 
 (ii) Each Revolving Lender shall upon any notice pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(i) make funds available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the LC Issuer at the Administrative Agent s Office in an amount in Dollars equal to its Applicable Percentage of the Dollar equivalent (as determined in good faith by the applicable LC Issuer) of the Unreimbursed Amount not later than 3 00 p.m. on the Business Day specified in such notice by the Administrative Agent, whereupon, subject to the provisions of Section 2.03(c)(iii) , each Revolving Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed to have made a Base Rate Loan to the Borrowers in such amount. The Administrative Agent shall remit the funds so received to the LC Issuer. 
 (iii) With respect to any Unreimbursed Amount that is not fully refinanced by a Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Loans under the Revolving Credit Facility because the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 cannot be satisfied or for any other reason, the Borrowers shall be deemed to have incurred from the LC Issuer an LC Borrowing in the amount of the Unreimbursed Amount that is not so refinanced, which LC Borrowing shall be due and payable on demand (together with interest) and shall bear interest at the Default Rate (determined for Loans). In such event, each Revolving Lender s payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the LC Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(ii) shall be deemed payment in respect of its participation in such LC Borrowing and shall constitute an LC Advance from such Revolving Lender in satisfaction of its participation obligation under this Section 2.03 . 
 (iv) Until each Revolving Lender funds its Revolving Loan or LC Advance pursuant to this Section 2.03(c) to reimburse the LC Issuer for any amount drawn under any Letter of Credit, interest in respect of such Revolving Lender s Applicable Percentage of such amount shall be solely for the account of the LC Issuer. 
 (v) Each Revolving Lender s obligation to make Revolving Loans or LC Advances to reimburse the LC Issuer for amounts drawn under Letters of Credit, as contemplated by this Section 2.03(c) , shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have against the LC Issuer, any Borrower or any other Person for any reason whatsoever (B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default, or (C) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to any of 
 68 
 11238955v22 11516251 

the foregoing provided , however , that each Revolving Lender s obligation to make Committed Loans pursuant to this Section 2.03(c) is subject to the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (other than delivery by the Lead Borrower of a Committed Loan Notice). No such making of an LC Advance shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the Borrowers to reimburse the LC Issuer for the amount of any payment made by the LC Issuer under any Letter of Credit, together with interest as provided herein. 
 (vi) If any Revolving Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the LC Issuer any amount required to be paid by such Revolving Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.03(c) by the time specified in Section 2.03(c)(ii) , the LC Issuer shall be entitled to recover from such Revolving Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to the LC Issuer at a rate per annum equal to the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the LC Issuer in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the LC Issuer in connection with the foregoing. If such Revolving Lender pays such amount (with interest and fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid shall constitute such Revolving Lender s Committed Loan included in the relevant Committed Borrowing or LC Advance in respect of the relevant LC Borrowing, as the case may be. A certificate of the LC Issuer submitted to any Revolving Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this clause (vi) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (d) Repayment of Participations . 
 (i) At any time after the LC Issuer has made a payment under any Letter of Credit and has received from any Revolving Lender such Revolving Lender s LC Advance in respect of such payment in accordance with Section 2.03(c) , if the Administrative Agent receives for the account of the LC Issuer any payment in respect of the related Unreimbursed Amount or interest thereon (whether directly from the Borrowers or otherwise, including proceeds of Cash Collateral applied thereto by the Administrative Agent), the Administrative Agent will distribute to such Revolving Lender its Applicable Percentage thereof (appropriately adjusted, in the case of interest payments, to reflect the period of time during which such Revolving Lender s LC Advance was outstanding) in the same funds as those received by the Administrative Agent. 
 (ii) If any payment received by the Administrative Agent for the account of the LC Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(i) is required to be returned under any of the circumstances described in Section 10.05 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the LC Issuer in its discretion), each Revolving Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the LC Issuer its Applicable Percentage thereof on demand of the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned by such Revolving Lender, at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. The obligations of the Revolving Lenders under this clause shall survive the payment in full of the Secured Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 
 (e) Obligations Absolute . The obligation of the Borrowers to reimburse the LC Issuer for each drawing under each Letter of Credit and to repay each LC Borrowing shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under all circumstances, including the following 
 69 
 11238955v22 11516251 

(i) any lack of validity or enforceability of such Letter of Credit, this Agreement, or any other Loan Document 
 (ii) the existence of any claim, counterclaim, setoff, defense or other right that the Borrowers or any Subsidiary may have at any time against any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit (or any Person for whom any such beneficiary or any such transferee may be acting), the LC Issuer or any other Person, whether in connection with this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby or by such Letter of Credit or any agreement or instrument relating thereto, or any unrelated transaction 
 (iii) any draft, demand, certificate or other document presented under such Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect or any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise of any document required in order to make a drawing under such Letter of Credit 
 (iv) waiver by the LC Issuer of any requirement that exists for the LC Issuer s protection and not the protection of the Borrowers or any waiver by the LC Issuer which does not in fact materially prejudice the Borrowers 
 (v) honor of a demand for payment presented electronically even if such Letter of Credit requires that demand be in the form of a draft 
 (vi) any payment made by the LC Issuer in respect of an otherwise complying item presented after the date specified as the expiration date of, or the date by which documents must be received under such Letter of Credit if presentation after such date is authorized by the UCC, the ISP or the UCP, as applicable 
 (vii) any payment by the LC Issuer under such Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or certificate that does not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit or any payment made by the LC Issuer under such Letter of Credit to any Person purporting to be a trustee in bankruptcy, debtor-in-possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors, liquidator, receiver or other representative of or successor to any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit, including any arising in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law 
 (viii) any other circumstance or happening whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, including any other circumstance that might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, the Borrowers or any of their Subsidiaries or 
 (ix) the fact that any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 
 The Lead Borrower shall promptly examine a copy of each Letter of Credit and each amendment thereto that is delivered to it and, in the event of any claim of noncompliance with the Lead Borrower s instructions or other irregularity, the Lead Borrower will immediately notify the LC Issuer. The Borrowers shall be conclusively deemed to have waived any such claim against the LC Issuer and its correspondents unless such notice is given as aforesaid. 
 (f) Role of LC Issuer . Each Revolving Lender and the Borrowers agree that, in paying any drawing under a Letter of Credit, the LC Issuer shall not have any responsibility to obtain any document (other than any sight draft, certificates and documents expressly required by the Letter of Credit) or to ascertain or inquire as to the validity or accuracy of any such 
 70 
 11238955v22 11516251 

document or the authority of the Person executing or delivering any such document. None of the LC Issuer, the Administrative Agent, any of their respective Related Parties nor any correspondent, participant or assignee of the LC Issuer shall be liable to any Lender for (i) any action taken or omitted in connection herewith at the request or with the approval of the Revolving Lenders or the Required Lenders, as applicable (ii) any action taken or omitted in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct (iii) any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit or any error in interpretation of technical terms or (iv) the due execution, effectiveness, validity or enforceability of any document or instrument related to any Letter of Credit or Issuer Document. The Borrowers hereby assume all risks of the acts or omissions of any beneficiary or transferee with respect to its use of any Letter of Credit provided , however , that this assumption is not intended to, and shall not, preclude the Borrowers pursuing such rights and remedies as it may have against the beneficiary or transferee at law or under any other agreement. None of the LC Issuer, the Administrative Agent, any of their respective Related Parties nor any correspondent, participant or assignee of the LC Issuer shall be liable or responsible for any of the matters described in clauses (i) through (v) of Section 2.03(e) provided , however , that anything in such clauses to the contrary notwithstanding, the Borrowers may have a claim against the LC Issuer, and the LC Issuer may be liable to the Borrowers, to the extent, but only to the extent, of any direct, as opposed to consequential or exemplary, damages suffered by the Borrowers which the Borrowers prove were caused by the LC Issuer s willful misconduct or gross negligence, bad faith or the LC Issuer s willful failure to pay under any Letter of Credit after the presentation to it by the beneficiary of a sight draft and certificate(s) strictly complying with the terms and conditions of a Letter of Credit. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, the LC Issuer may accept documents that appear on their face to be in order, without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary (or the LC Issuer may refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit), and except as expressly stated above, the LC Issuer shall not be responsible for the validity or sufficiency of any instrument transferring or assigning or purporting to transfer or assign a Letter of Credit or the rights or benefits thereunder or proceeds thereof, in whole or in part, which may prove to be invalid or ineffective for any reason. The LC Issuer may send a Letter of Credit or conduct any communication to or from the beneficiary via the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication SWIFT message or overnight courier, or any other commercially reasonable means of communicating with a beneficiary. 
 (g) Intentionally omitted . 
 (h) Applicability of ISP and UCP . Unless otherwise expressly agreed by the LC Issuer and the Lead Borrower when a Letter of Credit is issued, (i) the rules of the ISP shall apply to each Standby Letter of Credit, and (ii) the rules of the UCP shall apply to each commercial Letter of Credit. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the LC Issuer shall not be responsible to the Borrowers for, and the LC Issuer s rights and remedies against the Borrowers shall not be impaired by, any action or inaction of the LC Issuer required or permitted under any law, order, or practice that is required or permitted to be applied to any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, including the Law or any order of a jurisdiction where the LC Issuer or the beneficiary is located, the practice stated in the ISP or UCP, as applicable, or in the decisions, opinions, practice statements, or official commentary of the ICC Banking Commission, the Bankers Association for Finance and Trade - International Financial Services Association (BAFT-IFSA), or the Institute of International Banking Law & Practice, whether or not any Letter of Credit chooses such law or practice. 
 (i) Letter of Credit Fees . The Borrowers shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Lender in accordance, subject to Section 2.17 , with its Applicable Percentage a Letter of Credit fee (the Letter of Credit Fee for each Letter of Credit 
 71 
 11238955v22 11516251 

equal to the Applicable Rate for Term SOFR Loans times the maximum daily amount available to be drawn under each such Letter of Credit (whether or not such maximum amount is then in effect under such Letter of Credit). For purposes of computing the daily amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of the Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.06 . Letter of Credit Fees shall be (i) due and payable on the first calendar day of each January, April, July and October, commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date and thereafter on demand, and (ii) computed on a quarterly basis in arrears. If there is any change in the Applicable Rate during any quarter, the daily amount available to be drawn under each Letter of Credit shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Rate was in effect. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, while any Event of Default exists, the Administrative Agent may, and upon the request of the Required Lenders shall, notify the Lead Borrower that all Letter of Credit Fees shall accrue at the Default Rate (determined for Loans) and thereafter such Letter of Credit Fees shall accrue at such Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. 
 (j) Fronting Fee and Documentary and Processing Charges Payable to LC Issuer . The Borrowers shall pay directly to the LC Issuer for its own account a fronting fee (each, a Fronting Fee (i) with respect to each commercial Letter of Credit, one-eighth of one percent (0.125 ), computed on the amount of such Letter of Credit, and payable upon the issuance thereof, (ii) with respect to any amendment of a commercial Letter of Credit increasing the amount of such Letter of Credit, at a rate separately agreed between the Lead Borrower and the LC Issuer, computed on the amount of such increase, and payable upon the effectiveness of such amendment and (iii) with respect to each standby Letter of Credit, one-eighth of one percent (0.125 per annum, computed on the daily amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit on a quarterly basis in arrears and payable on the first calendar day of each January, April, July and October in respect of the most recently-ended quarterly period (or portion thereof, in the case of the first payment), commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date and thereafter on demand. For purposes of computing the daily amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of the Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.06 . In addition, the Borrowers shall pay directly to the LC Issuer for its own account the customary issuance, presentation, amendment and other processing fees, and other standard costs and charges, of the LC Issuer relating to letters of credit as from time to time in effect. Such customary fees and standard costs and charges are due and payable on demand and are nonrefundable. 
 (k) Conflict with Issuer Documents . In the event of any conflict between the terms hereof and the terms of any Issuer Document, the terms hereof shall control. 
 (l) FILO Lenders . For the avoidance of doubt, the FILO Lenders (in such capacity) shall not participate in the Letters of Credit or LC Borrowings, nor shall the FILO Lenders have any obligations under this Section 2.03 , and Applicable Percentage as determined under this Section 2.03 shall exclude the FILO Commitments and the FILO Loans. 
 Swing Line Loans. 
 (a) The Swing Line . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Swing Line Lender may, in its sole discretion and in reliance upon the agreements of the other Revolving Lenders set forth in this Section 2.04 , make loans (each such loan, a Swing Line Loan to the Lead Borrower from time to time on any Business Day during the Availability Period in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of the Swing Line Sublimit, notwithstanding the fact that such Swing Line Loans, when aggregated with the Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of Revolving Loans and LC Obligations of the Revolving Lender acting as Swing Line Lender, may exceed the amount of such Revolving 
 72 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment provided , however , that after giving effect to any Swing Line Loan, (i) the Total Outstandings under the Revolving Credit Facility shall not exceed the Loan Cap, and (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Revolving Loans of any Revolving Lender (other than the Swing Line Lender) at such time, plus such Revolving Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all LC Obligations at such time, plus such Revolving Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all Swing Line Loans at such time shall not exceed such Revolving Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment, and provided , further , that without limitation of the foregoing, the Swing Line Lender shall not be under any obligation to make any Swing Line Loan if it shall determine (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that it has, or by such Credit Extension may have, Fronting Exposure and provided , further , that the Borrowers shall not use the proceeds of any Swing Line Loan to refinance any outstanding Swing Line Loan. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Borrowers may borrow under this Section 2.04 , prepay under Section 2.05 , and reborrow under this Section 2.04 . Each Swing Line Loan shall be a Base Rate Loan. Immediately upon the making of a Swing Line Loan, each Revolving Lender (other than the Swing Line Lender) shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the Swing Line Lender a risk participation in such Swing Line Loan in an amount equal to the product of such Revolving Lender s Applicable Percentage times the amount of such Swing Line Loan. 
 (b) Borrowing Procedures . Each Swing Line Borrowing shall be made upon the Lead Borrower s irrevocable notice to the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent, which may be given by (A) telephone or (B) by a Swing Line Loan Notice provided , that any telephonic notice must be confirmed promptly by delivery to the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent of a Swing Line Loan Notice. Each such Swing Line Loan Notice must be received by the Swing Line Lender not later not later than 3 00 p.m. on the requested borrowing date, and shall specify (i) the amount to be borrowed, which shall be a minimum of 100,000, and (ii) the requested borrowing date, which shall be a Business Day. Promptly after receipt by the Swing Line Lender of any Swing Line Loan Notice, the Swing Line Lender will confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) that the Administrative Agent has also received such Swing Line Loan Notice and, if not, the Swing Line Lender will notify the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) of the contents thereof. Unless the Swing Line Lender has received notice (by telephone or in writing) from the Administrative Agent at the request of the Required Lenders prior to 3 00 p.m. on the date of the proposed Swing Line Borrowing (A) directing the Swing Line Lender not to make such Swing Line Loan as a result of the limitations set forth in the proviso to the first sentence of Section 2.04(a) , or (B) that one or more of the applicable conditions specified in Article IV is not then satisfied, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Swing Line Lender will, not later than 5 00 p.m. on the borrowing date specified in such Swing Line Loan Notice, make the amount of its Swing Line Loan available to the Lead Borrower at its office by crediting the account of the Lead Borrower on the books of the Swing Line Lender in immediately available funds. 
 (c) Refinancing of Swing Line Loans . 
 (i) Subject to the provisions of Section 2.14 , the Swing Line Lender at any time in its sole and absolute discretion may request, and no less frequently than weekly shall request, on behalf of the Borrowers (which hereby irrevocably authorize the Swing Line Lender to so request on their behalf), that each Revolving Lender make a Base Rate Loan in the form of a Revolving Loan in an amount equal to such Revolving Lender s Applicable Percentage of the amount of Swing Line Loans then outstanding. Such request shall be made in writing (which written request shall be deemed to be a Committed Loan Notice for purposes hereof) and in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.02 , without regard to the minimum and multiples specified therein for the principal amount of Base Rate Loans, but subject to the unutilized portion of the 
 73 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Aggregate Commitments and the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 . The Swing Line Lender shall furnish the Lead Borrower with a copy of the applicable Committed Loan Notice promptly after delivering such notice to the Administrative Agent. Each Revolving Lender shall make an amount equal to its Applicable Percentage of the amount specified in such Committed Loan Notice available to the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds for the account of the Swing Line Lender at the Administrative Agent s Office not later than 1 00 p.m. on the day specified in such Committed Loan Notice, whereupon, subject to Section 2.04(c)(ii) , each Revolving Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed to have made a Base Rate Loan in the form of a Revolving Loan to the Borrowers in such amount. The Administrative Agent shall remit the funds so received to the Swing Line Lender. 
 (ii) If for any reason any Swing Line Loan cannot be refinanced by such a Committed Borrowing under the Revolving Credit Facility in accordance with Section 2.04(c)(i) , the request for Base Rate Loans submitted by the Swing Line Lender as set forth herein shall be deemed to be a request by the Swing Line Lender that each of the Revolving Lenders fund its risk participation in the relevant Swing Line Loan and each Revolving Lender s payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swing Line Lender pursuant to Section 2.04(c)(i) shall be deemed payment in respect of such participation. 
 (iii) If any Revolving Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swing Line Lender any amount required to be paid by such Revolving Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.04(c) by the time specified in Section 2.04(c)(i) , the Swing Line Lender shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to the Swing Line Lender at a rate per annum equal to the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Swing Line Lender in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Swing Line Lender in connection with the foregoing. If such Revolving Lender pays such amount (with interest and fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid shall constitute such Revolving Lender s Revolving Loan included in the relevant Committed Borrowing or funded participation in the relevant Swing Line Loan, as the case may be. A certificate of the Swing Line Lender submitted to any Revolving Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this clause (iii) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (iv) Each Revolving Lender s obligation to make Revolving Loans or to purchase and fund risk participations in Swing Line Loans pursuant to this Section 2.04(c) shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Revolving Lender may have against the Swing Line Lender, the Borrowers or any other Person for any reason whatsoever, (B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default or an Event of Default, or (C) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing provided , however , that each Revolving Lender s obligation to make Revolving Loans pursuant to this Section 2.04(c) is subject to the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 . No such funding of risk participations shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the Borrowers to repay Swing Line Loans, together with interest as provided herein. 
 (d) Repayment of Participations . 
 74 
 11238955v22 11516251 

(i) At any time after any Revolving Lender has purchased and funded a risk participation in a Swing Line Loan, if the Swing Line Lender receives any payment on account of such Swing Line Loan, the Swing Line Lender will distribute to such Revolving Lender its Applicable Percentage of such payment (appropriately adjusted, in the case of interest payments, to reflect the period of time during which such Revolving Lender s risk participation was funded) in the same funds as those received by the Swing Line Lender. 
 (ii) If any payment received by the Swing Line Lender in respect of principal or interest on any Swing Line Loan is required to be returned by the Swing Line Lender under any of the circumstances described in Section 10.05 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Swing Line Lender in its reasonable discretion), each Revolving Lender shall pay to the Swing Line Lender its Applicable Percentage thereof on demand of the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned, at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate. The Administrative Agent will make such demand upon the request of the Swing Line Lender. The obligations of the Revolving Lenders under this clause shall survive the payment in full of the Secured Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 
 (e) Interest for Account of Swing Line Lender . The Swing Line Lender shall be responsible for invoicing the Borrowers for interest on the Swing Line Loans. Until each Revolving Lender funds its Base Rate Loan or risk participation pursuant to this Section 2.04 to refinance such Revolving Lender s Applicable Percentage of any Swing Line Loan, interest in respect of such Applicable Percentage shall be solely for the account of the Swing Line Lender. 
 (f) Payments Directly to Swing Line Lender . The Borrowers shall make all payments of principal and interest in respect of the Swing Line Loans directly to the Swing Line Lender. 
 (g) FILO Lenders . For the avoidance of doubt, the FILO Lenders (in such capacity) shall not participate in the Swing Line Loans or have any obligations under this Section 2.04 , and Applicable Percentage as determined under this Section 2.04 shall exclude the FILO Commitments and the FILO Loans. 
 Prepayments. 
 (h) Voluntary Prepayments of Committed Loans . 
 (i) The Borrowers may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent and delivery to the Administrative Agent of a prepayment notice in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, at any time or from time to time voluntarily prepay Revolving Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty provided , that (i) such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11 00 a.m. (A) two (2) Business Days prior to any date of prepayment of Term SOFR Loans and (B) on the date of prepayment of Base Rate Loans (ii) any prepayment of Term SOFR Loans shall be in a principal amount of 1,000,000 or a whole multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof and (iii) any prepayment of Base Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of 500,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof or, in each case, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding. Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment and the Type(s) of Loans to be prepaid and, if Term SOFR Loans, the Interest Period(s) of such Loans. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Revolving Lender of its receipt of each such notice, and of the amount of such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such 
 75 
 11238955v22 11516251 

prepayment. The Borrowers shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. Any prepayment of any Loan shall be accompanied by all accrued interest on the amount prepaid, together with, in the case of any SOFR Loan, any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05 . Subject to Section 2.17 , each such prepayment shall be applied to the Revolving Loans of the Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages of the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 (ii) Except as otherwise expressly permitted herein, FILO Loans may not be prepaid in whole or in part prior to the last day of the FILO Draw Period in which such FILO Loans were advanced. 
 (i) Voluntary Prepayments of Swing Line Loans . The Borrowers may, upon notice to the Swing Line Lender pursuant to delivery to the Swing Line Lender of a prepayment notice in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Swing Line Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), at any time or from time to time, voluntarily prepay Swing Line Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty provided , that (i) such notice must be received by the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent not later than 1 00 p.m. on the date of the prepayment, and (ii) any such prepayment shall be in a minimum principal amount of 100,000. Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment. If such notice is given by the Lead Borrower, the Borrowers shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. 
 (j) Mandatory Prepayments Excess Loan Amounts and Excess Cash . 
 (i) If for any reason the Total Outstandings under the Revolving Credit Facility at any time exceed the Loan Cap (such excess shall at all times constitute part of the Secured Obligations), the Borrowers shall immediately prepay Revolving Loans, Swing Line Loans and LC Borrowings and or Cash Collateralize the LC Obligations (other than LC Borrowings) in an aggregate amount equal to such excess provided , however , that the Borrowers shall not be required to Cash Collateralize the LC Obligations pursuant to this Section 2.05(c) unless after the prepayment in full of the Loans the Total Outstandings under the Revolving Credit Facility exceed the Loan Cap. 
 (ii) If for any reason the Total Outstandings under the FILO Facility at any time exceed the Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments (such excess shall at all times constitute part of the Secured Obligations), the Borrowers immediately shall prepay FILO Loans in an aggregate amount equal to such excess. 
 (iii) If the Borrowers have Excess Cash, then the Borrower immediately shall prepay the outstanding Revolving Loans, Swing Line Loans and LC Borrowings and or Cash Collateralize the LC Obligations (other than LC Borrowings) in an aggregate amount equal to the amount of such Excess Cash and, to the extent such Excess Cash is in an amount greater than the total outstanding principal amount of such Credit Extensions, the Borrower shall be permitted to retain any remaining cash in an Ordinary Blocked Account and used for any purpose not otherwise prohibited by this Agreement (the Excess Cash Prepayment ). 
 (k) Cash Dominion . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 2.05(e) but subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, during a Cash Dominion Trigger Period, the Borrowers shall prepay the Loans in accordance with the provisions of Section 6.13 
 76 
 11238955v22 11516251 

and, if an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, Cash Collateralize the LC Obligations in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.16 . 
 (l) Dispositions and Qualifying Refinancing Transactions . 
 (i) If after any Disposition of any Inventory or Accounts (other than Dispositions thereof in the ordinary course of business), the Total Outstandings under the Revolving Credit Facility would exceed the Loan Cap (determined after giving pro forma effect to such Disposition), promptly upon receipt of Net Proceeds of such Disposition the Borrowers shall (i) apply such Net Proceeds to prepay Revolving Loans, Swing Line Loans, and LC Borrowings and (ii) if, after giving effect to such prepayment of Revolving Loans, Swing Line Loans, and LC Borrowings such Total Outstandings continue to exceed the Loan Cap, Cash Collateralize the LC Obligations (other than LC Borrowings) in an aggregate amount equal to such excess. The application of such amount to the prepayment of Loans and Cash Collateralization of the LC Obligations in accordance with this Section 2.05(e) shall not reduce the Revolving Credit Commitments. 
 (ii) Subject to Section 2.05(d) above, upon the occurrence of any Specified Event, all Net Proceeds shall be immediately applied as provided in the Intercreditor Agreement. The application of such amount to the prepayment of Loans and Cash Collateralization of the LC Obligations in accordance with this Section 2.05(e) shall not reduce the Revolving Credit Commitments. 
 (iii) Subject to Section 2.05(d) above, if any Loan Party consummates a Qualifying Refinancing Transaction, the Borrowers immediately shall (x) prepay all outstanding FILO Loans if (any) and (y) prepay the outstanding Subordinated Term Loan Obligations if and to the extent permitted under the Intercreditor Agreement provided , that any excess of any such Net Proceeds after repayment in full of all outstanding FILO Loans (if any) and all of the outstanding Subordinated Term Loan Obligations shall be applied to prepay Revolving Loans, Swing Line Loans, and LC Borrowings and if, after giving effect to such prepayment of Revolving Loans, Swing Line Loans, and LC Borrowings such Total Outstandings continue to exceed the Loan Cap, Cash Collateralize the LC Obligations (other than LC Borrowings) in an aggregate amount equal to such excess. The application of such amount to the prepayment of Loans and Cash Collateralization of the LC Obligations in accordance with this Section 2.05(e) shall not reduce the Revolving Credit Commitments. 
 (m) Application of Prepayments . Prepayments of the Revolving Credit Facility made pursuant to this Section 2.05 (other than clauses clause (i) and (ii) of Section 2.05(c and with respect to FILO Loans under Section 2.05(e ), first , shall be applied to any outstanding Protective Advances, second , shall be applied ratably to the LC Borrowings and the Swing Line Loans, third , shall be applied ratably to the outstanding Revolving Loans that are Base Rate Loans, fourth , shall be applied ratably to the outstanding Revolving Loans that are Term SOFR Loans, fifth , if an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, shall be used to Cash Collateralize the remaining LC Obligations and sixth , the amount remaining, if any, may be retained by the Borrowers for use in the ordinary course of their business. Upon the drawing of any Letter of Credit that has been Cash Collateralized, the funds held as Cash Collateral shall be applied (without any further action by or notice to or from the Borrowers or any other Loan Party) to reimburse the LC Issuer or the Lenders, as applicable. 
 (g) Permitted Senior Debt . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, unless otherwise agreed in writing by all of the FILO Lenders, if any of the Borrowers at any time after the First Amendment Effective Date incurs any Permitted Senior Debt, the proceeds of such Permitted Senior 
 77 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Debt shall be applied to prepay FILO Loans in an aggregate amount equal to the lesser of (i) the Net Proceeds of such Permitted Senior Debt and (ii) the Total Outstandings under the FILO Facility at such time. Prepayments of the FILO Facility made pursuant to this Section 2.05(g) , first , shall be applied ratably to the outstanding FILO Loans that are Base Rate Loans, second , shall be applied ratably to the outstanding FILO Loans that are Term SOFR Loans, and third , the amount remaining, if any, may be retained by the Borrowers for use in the ordinary course of their business. 
 (a) Reserved . 
 Termination or Reduction of Commitments. 
 (a) The Borrowers may, upon irrevocable notice from the Lead Borrower to the Administrative Agent, terminate the Aggregate Commitments, the Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments, the Letter of Credit Sublimit or the Swing Line Sublimit or from time to time permanently reduce the Aggregate Commitments, the Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments, the Letter of Credit Sublimit or the Swing Line Sublimit provided , that (i) any such notice shall be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11 00 a.m. three (3) Business Days prior to the date of termination or reduction, (ii) any such partial reduction shall be in an aggregate amount of 5,000,000 or any whole multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof, (iii) the Borrowers shall not terminate or reduce (A) the Aggregate Commitments if, after giving effect thereto and to any concurrent prepayments hereunder, the Total Outstandings under the Revolving Credit Facility would exceed the Aggregate Commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility, (B) the Letter of Credit Sublimit if, after giving effect thereto, the Outstanding Amount of LC Obligations not fully Cash Collateralized hereunder would exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit, (C) the Swing Line Sublimit if, after giving effect thereto, and to any concurrent payments hereunder, the Outstanding Amount of Swing Line Loans hereunder would exceed the Swing Line Sublimit or (D) the Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments if (x) after giving effect thereto and any concurrent prepayments hereunder the Total Outstandings under the FILO Facility would exceed the Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments or (y) a FILO Draw Period is then in effect, provided, that notwithstanding the foregoing, the Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments may be terminated at any time in connection with the termination of all of the Commitments under this Agreement. 
 (b) If, after giving effect to any reduction of the Aggregate Commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility, the Letter of Credit Sublimit or the Swing Line Sublimit exceeds the amount of the Aggregate Commitments, such Letter of Credit Sublimit or Swing Line Sublimit shall be automatically reduced by the amount of such excess. 
 (c) The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Lenders of any termination or reduction of the Letter of Credit Sublimit, Swing Line Sublimit, the Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments or the Aggregate Commitments under this Section 2.06 . Upon any reduction of the Aggregate Commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility, the Revolving Credit Commitment of each Revolving Lender shall be reduced by such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such reduction amount. Upon any reduction of the Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments, the FILO Facility Commitments of each FILO Lender shall be reduced by such FILO Lender s Applicable Percentage of such reduction amount. All fees (including, without limitation, commitment fees and Letter of Credit Fees) and interest in respect of the Aggregate Commitments or Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments accrued until the effective date of any termination of the Aggregate Commitments or Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments shall be paid on the effective date of such termination. 
 Repayment of Loans. 
 78 
 11238955v22 11516251 

(c) FILO Loans. On each FILO Facility Payment Date, the Borrowers shall cause all FILO Loans to be repaid in full in accordance with Section 2.18. 
 (d) Generally . On the Termination Date, the Borrowers shall cause all Secured Obligations to be Fully Satisfied. 
 Interest. 
 (a) Subject to the provisions of Section 2.08(b) below, (i) each Term SOFR Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Margin (ii) each Base Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin and (iii) each Swing Line Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin. 
 (b) 
 (i) If any amount payable by the Loan Parties under any Loan Document is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. 
 (ii) Upon the request of the Required Lenders, while any Event of Default exists (other than as set forth in clause (b)(i) ), the Borrower shall pay interest on the principal amount of all outstanding Obligations hereunder at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. 
 (iii) Accrued and unpaid interest on past due amounts (including interest on past due interest) shall be due and payable upon demand. 
 (c) Except as provided in Section 2.08(b)(iii) , interest on each Loan shall be due and payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto and at such other times as may be specified herein. Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law. 
 Fees. In addition to certain fees described in subsections (i) and (j) of Section 2.03 
 (a) Revolving Credit Facility Commitment Fee . The Borrowers shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Lender, in accordance with its Applicable Percentage of the Revolving Credit Facility, a commitment fee (the Revolving Commitment Fee ), payable quarterly in arrears on the first calendar day of each January, April, July and October, commencing with the first such date to occur after the Closing Date, and on the last day of the Availability Period equal to the Applicable Commitment Fee Percentage times the average daily amount by which the Aggregate Commitments exceeded the Average Usage, in each case calculated on a per annum basis for the actual number of days elapsed in the applicable calendar quarter ending on the day immediately preceding the related payment date (or, if applicable, the actual number of days in the applicable calendar quarter to and including last day of the Availability Period), and subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2.17 . The Revolving Commitment Fee shall accrue at all times during the Availability Period, including at 
 79 
 11238955v22 11516251 

any time during which one or more of the conditions in Article IV is not met. For the avoidance of doubt, the Outstanding Amount of Swing Line Loans shall not be counted towards Average Usage for purposes of determining the Revolving Commitment Fee. 
 (b) FILO Facility Commitment Fee. So long as the Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments are greater than 0, the Borrowers shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each FILO Lender, in accordance with its Applicable Percentage of the FILO Facility, a commitment fee, payable quarterly in arrears on the first calendar day of each January, April, July and October, commencing with the first such date to occur after the First Amendment Effective Date, and on the Maturity Date, equal to the Applicable Commitment Fee Percentage times the Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments during such applicable period, in each case calculated on a per annum basis for the actual number of days elapsed in the applicable period ending on the day immediately preceding the related payment date (or, if applicable, the actual number of days in the applicable calendar quarter to but excluding the Maturity Date), excluding each day that occurs during a FILO Draw Period if and to the extent that FILO Loans are outstanding on such day during such FILO Draw Period and subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2.17. Such commitment fees shall accrue at all times during the applicable periods specified above. 
 (c) Other Fees . The Borrowers shall pay to the Arrangers and the Administrative Agent for their own respective accounts fees in the amounts and at the times specified in the Fee Letters. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever. 
 Computation of Interest and Fees. All computations of interest for Base Rate Loans when the Base Rate is determined by Bank of America s prime rate shall be made on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed. All other computations of fees and interest shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed (which results in more fees or interest, as applicable, being paid than if computed on the basis of a 365-day year). Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which the Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid, provided , that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to Section 2.12(a) , bear interest for one day. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 
 Evidence of Debt. 
 (a) The Credit Extensions made by each Lender shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records maintained by the Administrative Agent (the Loan Account in the ordinary course of business. In addition, each Lender may record in such Lender s internal records, an appropriate notation evidencing the date and amount of each Loan from such Lender, each payment and prepayment of principal of any such Loan, and each payment of interest, fees and other amounts due in connection with the Obligations due to such Lender. The accounts or records maintained by the Administrative Agent and each Lender shall be conclusive absent manifest error of the amount of the Credit Extensions made by the Lenders to the Borrowers and the interest and payments thereon. Any failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrowers hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the Obligations. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. Upon the request of any Lender made through the Administrative Agent, the Borrowers shall execute and deliver to such Lender (through the Administrative Agent) a Note, which shall evidence such Lender s Loans in addition to such accounts or 
 80 
 11238955v22 11516251 

records. Each Lender may attach schedules to its Note and endorse thereon the date, Type (if applicable), amount and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto. Any failure to so attach or endorse, or any error in doing so, shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrowers hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the Obligations. Upon receipt of an affidavit of a Lender as to the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of such Lender s Note with appropriate indemnification provisions in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Borrowers and upon cancellation of such Note, the Borrowers will issue, in lieu thereof, a replacement Note in favor of such Lender, in the same principal amount thereof and otherwise of like tenor. 
 (b) In addition to the accounts and records referred to in Section 2.11(a) , each Lender and the Administrative Agent shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice accounts or records evidencing the purchases and sales by such Lender of participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by the Administrative Agent and the accounts and records of any Lender in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. 
 Payments Generally Administrative Agent s Clawback. 
 (c) General . All payments to be made by the Borrowers shall be made without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrowers hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the Administrative Agent s Office in Dollars and in immediately available funds not later than 2 00 p.m. on the date specified herein. The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Applicable Percentage of the applicable Facility (or other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lender s Lending Office. All payments received by the Administrative Agent after 2 00 p.m. shall, at the option of the Administrative Agent, be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue. If any payment to be made by the Borrowers shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be. 
 (d) Funding by Lenders Presumption by Administrative Agent . 
 (i) (i) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing of Term SOFR Loans (or in the case of any Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, prior to 12 00 noon on the date of such Borrowing) that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with Section 2.02 (or in the case of a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, that such Lender has made such share available in accordance with and at the time required by Section 2.02 and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrowers a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Committed Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrowers severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount in immediately available funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrowers to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (A) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on 
 81 
 11238955v22 11516251 

interbank compensation plus any administrative processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Administrative Agent in connection with the foregoing, and (B) in the case of a payment to be made by the Borrowers, the interest rate applicable to Base Rate Loans. If the Borrowers and such Lender shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the Borrowers the amount of such interest paid by the Borrowers for such period. If such Lender pays its share of the applicable Committed Borrowing to the Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender s Committed Loan included in such Committed Borrowing. Any payment by the Borrowers shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrowers may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent. 
 (ii) Payments by Borrowers Presumptions by Administrative Agent . Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Lead Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable Lenders or the LC Issuer hereunder that the Borrowers will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrowers have made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the applicable Lenders or the LC Issuer, as the case may be, the amount due. With Respect to any payment that the Administrative Agent makes for the account of the applicable Lenders or the LC Issuer hereunder as to which the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that any of the following applies (such payment referred to as the Rescindable Amount (1) the Borrowers have not in fact made such payment (2) the Administrative Agent has made a payment in excess of the amount so paid by the Borrowers (whether or not then owed) or (3) the Administrative agent has for any reason otherwise erroneously made such payment then each of the applicable Lenders or the LC Issuer, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount so distributed to such applicable Lender or the LC Issuer, in immediately available funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 
 A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or the Lead Borrower with respect to any amount owing under this subsection (b) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 (e) Failure to Satisfy Conditions Precedent . If any Lender makes available to the Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Article II , and such funds are not made available to the Borrowers by the Administrative Agent because the conditions to the applicable Credit Extension set forth in Article IV are not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms hereof (subject to the provisions of the last paragraph of Section 4.02 hereof), the Administrative Agent promptly shall return such funds (in like funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest. 
 (f) Obligations of Lenders Several . The obligations of the Revolving Lenders hereunder to make Revolving Loans and to fund participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans are several and not joint. The obligation of the FILO Lenders hereunder to make FILO Loans are several and not joint. The obligations of the Lenders hereunder to make payments pursuant to Section 10.04(c) and Section 9.14 are several and not joint. The failure of any Lender to make any Committed Loan, to fund any such participation or to make any payment under Section 10.04(c) or Section 9.14 on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be 
 82 
 11238955v22 11516251 

responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Committed Loan, to purchase its participation or to make its payment under Section 10.04(c) or Section 9.14 . 
 (g) Funding Source . Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner. 
 (h) Insufficient Funds. If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, Unreimbursed Amounts, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first, toward payment of interest and fees then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and fees then due to such parties, and (ii) second, toward payment of principal and Unreimbursed Amounts then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal and Unreimbursed Amounts then due to such parties. 
 Sharing of Payments by Lenders. If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of, interest on, or other amounts with respect to, any of the Obligations resulting in such Lender s receiving payment of a proportion of the aggregate amount of such Obligations greater than its Pro Rata share thereof as provided herein (including in contravention of the priorities of payment set forth in Section 2.05(f) or Section 8.03 , as applicable), then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall (a) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Obligations of the other Lenders, or make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably and in the priorities set forth in Section 2.05(f) or Section 8.03 , as applicable, provided , that 
 (i) if any such participations or subparticipations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations or subparticipations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest and 
 (ii) the provisions of this Section 2.13 shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment made by the Loan Parties pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender and repayment of FILO Loans on each FILO Payment Date), (y) the application of Cash Collateral provided for in Section 2.16 or (z) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Committed Loans or subparticipations in LC Obligations or Swing Line Loans to any assignee or participant, other than to the Borrowers or any Subsidiary thereof (as to which the provisions of this Section 2.13 shall apply). 
 Each Loan Party consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable Law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against such Loan Party rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of such Loan Party in the amount of such participation. 
 Settlement Among Lenders. 
 (i) The amount of each Revolving Lender s Applicable Percentage of outstanding Revolving Loans (including outstanding Swing Line Loans), shall be computed weekly (or more frequently in the Administrative Agent s reasonable discretion) and shall be 
 83 
 11238955v22 11516251 

adjusted upward or downward based on all Revolving Loans (including Swing Line Loans) and repayments of Loans (including Swing Line Loans) received by the Administrative Agent as of 3 00 p.m. on the first Business Day (such date, the Revolving Settlement Date following the end of the period specified by the Administrative Agent. To the extent required under Section 2.14(c) , the amount of each FILO Lender s Applicable Percentage of outstanding FILO Loans, shall be computed on the first and last day of each FILO Draw Period and on the date of any termination or reduction of the Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments (or more frequently in the Administrative Agent s reasonable discretion) and shall be adjusted upward or downward based on all FILO Loans and repayments of FILO Loans received by the Administrative Agent as of 3 00 p.m. on the first Business Day (such date, the FILO Settlement Date following the end of the period specified by the Administrative Agent. 
 (j) The Administrative Agent shall deliver to each of the Revolving Lenders promptly after a Revolving Settlement Date a summary statement of the amount of outstanding Committed Loans under the Revolving Credit Facility for the period and the amount of repayments received for the period. As reflected on the summary statement, (i) the Administrative Agent shall transfer to each Revolving Lender its Applicable Percentage of repayments, and (ii) each Revolving Lender shall transfer to the Administrative Agent (as provided below) or the Administrative Agent shall transfer to each Revolving Lender, such amounts as are necessary to insure that, after giving effect to all such transfers, the amount of Committed Loans made by each Revolving Lender under the Revolving Credit Facility shall be equal to such Lender s Applicable Percentage of all Committed Loans under the Revolving Credit Facility outstanding as of such Revolving Settlement Date. If the summary statement requires transfers to be made to the Administrative Agent by the Revolving Lenders and is received prior to 1 00 p.m. on a Business Day, such transfers shall be made in immediately available funds no later than 3 00 p.m. that day and, if received after 1 00 p.m., then no later than 3 00 p.m. on the next Business Day. The obligation of each Revolving Lender to transfer such funds is irrevocable, unconditional and without recourse to or warranty by the Administrative Agent. If and to the extent any Revolving Lender shall not have so made its transfer to the Administrative Agent, such Lender agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, forthwith on demand such amount, together with interest thereon, for each day from such date until the date such amount is paid to the Administrative Agent, equal to the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation plus any administrative, processing, or similar fees customarily charged by the Administrative Agent in connection with the foregoing. 
 (k) The Administrative Agent shall deliver to each of the FILO Lenders promptly after a FILO Settlement Date on which any FILO Loans remain outstanding a summary statement of the amount of outstanding Committed Loans under the FILO Facility for the period and the amount of repayments received for the period. As reflected on the summary statement, (i) the Administrative Agent shall transfer to each FILO Lender its Applicable Percentage of repayments, and (ii) each FILO Lender shall transfer to the Administrative Agent (as provided below) or the Administrative Agent shall transfer to each FILO Lender, such amounts as are necessary to insure that, after giving effect to all such transfers, the amount of Committed Loans made by each FILO Lender under the FILO Facility shall be equal to such Lender s Applicable Percentage of all Committed Loans under the FILO Facility outstanding as of such FILO Settlement Date. If the summary statement requires transfers to be made to the Administrative Agent by the FILO Lenders and is received prior to 1 00 p.m. on a Business Day, such transfers shall be made in immediately available funds no later than 3 00 p.m. that day and, if received after 1 00 p.m., then no later than 3 00 p.m. on the next Business Day. The obligation of each FILO Lender to transfer such funds is irrevocable, unconditional and without recourse to or warranty by the Administrative Agent. If and to the extent any FILO Lender shall not have so made its transfer to the Administrative Agent, such Lender agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, forthwith on demand such amount, together with interest thereon, for 
 84 
 11238955v22 11516251 

each day from such date until the date such amount is paid to the Administrative Agent, equal to the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation plus any administrative, processing, or similar fees customarily charged by the Administrative Agent in connection with the foregoing. 
 Increase in Revolving Credit Facility Commitments. 
 (l) Request for Increase . Provided no Event of Default then exists and no Default would arise therefrom, at any time and from time to time after the Second Amendment Effective Date, upon notice to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly notify the Revolving Lenders), the Lead Borrower may request an increase in the Aggregate Commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility by an amount (for all such requests) not exceeding 100,000,000 in the aggregate provided , that (i) any such request for an increase shall be in a minimum amount of 25,000,000, and (ii) the Lead Borrower may make a maximum of four (4) such requests. At the time of sending such notice, the Lead Borrower (in consultation with the Administrative Agent) shall specify the time period within which each Revolving Lender is requested to respond (which shall in no event be less than ten Business Days from the date of delivery of such notice to the Revolving Lenders). 
 (m) Revolving Lender Elections to Increase . Each Revolving Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent within such time period set forth in (a) above whether or not it agrees to increase its Revolving Credit Commitment and, if so (each an Increased Commitment Lender ), whether by an amount equal to, greater than, or less than its Applicable Percentage of such requested increase. Any Revolving Lender not responding within such time period shall be deemed to have declined to increase its Revolving Credit Commitment. No Revolving Lender shall be obligated to agree to increase its Revolving Credit Commitment under this Section 2.15 . 
 (n) Notification by Administrative Agent Additional Lenders . The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lead Borrower and each Lender of the Revolving Lenders responses to each request made in this Section 2.15 . To achieve the full amount of a requested increase and subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent, the LC Issuer and the Swing Line Lender (which approvals shall not be unreasonably withheld), to the extent that any existing Revolving Lender declines to increase its Revolving Credit Commitments, or declines to increase its Revolving Credit Commitments to the amount requested by the Lead Borrower, the Administrative Agent or its Affiliates, in consultation with the Lead Borrower, will use its reasonable efforts to arrange for other Eligible Assignees to become a Revolving Lender hereunder and to issue commitments in an amount equal to the amount of the increase in the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments requested by the Lead Borrower and not accepted by the existing Revolving Lenders (and the Lead Borrower may also invite additional Eligible Assignees to become Lenders) (each such Eligible Assignee issuing a commitment and becoming a Lender, an Additional Commitment Lender ), provided , however , that without the consent of the Administrative Agent, at no time shall the Revolving Credit Commitment of any Additional Commitment Lender be less than 10,000,000. 
 (o) Effective Date and Allocations . If the Aggregate Commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility are increased in accordance with this Section 2.15 , the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower shall determine the effective date (the Increase Effective Date of such increase (such increase, a Commitment Increase ). The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Lead Borrower and the Lenders of the final allocation of such Commitment Increase and the Increase Effective Date and on the Effective Date (i) the Aggregate Commitments with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility under, and for all purposes of, this Agreement shall be increased by the aggregate amount of such Commitment Increases, and (ii) 
 85 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Schedule 2.01 shall be deemed modified, without further action, to reflect the revised Revolving Credit Commitments and Applicable Percentages of the Revolving Lenders. 
 (p) Conditions to Effectiveness of Increase . As a condition precedent to such increase, (i) the Lead Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate of each Loan Party dated as of the Increase Effective Date (in sufficient copies for each Lender) signed by a Responsible Officer of such Loan Party (A) certifying and attaching the resolutions, if necessary, adopted by such Loan Party approving or consenting to such Commitment Increase, and (B) in the case of the Borrowers, certifying that, before and after giving effect to such Commitment Increase, (1) the representations and warranties contained in Article V and the other Loan Documents are true and correct on and as of the Increase Effective Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct as of such earlier date, and except that for purposes of this Section 2.15 , the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b), respectively, of Section 6.01 , (ii) the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, and any Additional Commitment Lender shall have executed and delivered a joinder to the Loan Documents in such form as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably require (iii) the Borrowers shall have paid such fees and other compensation to the Additional Commitment Lenders and the Increased Commitment Lenders as the Administrative Agent, the Lead Borrower, such Additional Commitment Lenders and such Increased Commitment Lenders shall agree (iv) the Borrowers shall have paid such arrangement fees to the Administrative Agent (or one or more of its Affiliates, as applicable) as the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent or such Affiliate may agree (v) the Borrowers shall deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders an opinion or opinions, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, from counsel to the Borrowers reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and dated such date with respect to the Loan Documents and the other documents, agreements and instruments then executed and the transactions contemplated thereby (vi) the Borrowers and the Additional Commitment Lender shall have delivered such other instruments, documents and agreements as the Administrative Agent may reasonably have requested (vii) no Default exists and (viii) (x) upon the reasonable request of any Additional Commitment Lender made at least five (5) days prior to the Increase Effective Date, the Lead Borrower shall have provided to such Additional Commitment Lender, and such Additional Commitment Lender shall be reasonably satisfied with, the documentation and other information so requested in connection with applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act, and (y) at least five (5) days prior to the Increase Effective Date, any Loan Party that qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation shall have delivered, to each Additional Commitment Lender that so requests, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to such Loan Party. The Borrowers shall prepay any Committed Loans under the Revolving Credit Facility outstanding on the Increase Effective Date (and pay any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05) to the extent necessary to keep the outstanding Committed Loans under the Revolving Credit Facility ratable with any revised Applicable Percentages arising from any nonratable increase in the Revolving Credit Commitments under this Section 2.15 . 
 (q) Terms of Commitment Increase . Any Commitment Increase contemplated by the provisions of this Section 2.15 shall, except as provided in Section 2.15(e)(iii) and (e)(iv) , bear interest and be entitled to fees and other compensation on the same basis as all other Revolving Credit Commitments. 
 (r) Conflicting Provisions . This Section 2.15 shall supersede any provisions in Section 2.13 or Section 10.01 to the contrary. 
 Cash Collateral. 
 86 
 11238955v22 11516251 

(s) Certain Credit Support Events . If (i) the LC Issuer has honored any full or partial drawing request under any Letter of Credit and such drawing has resulted in an LC Borrowing, (ii) as of the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, any LC Obligation for any reason remains outstanding, (iii) the Borrower shall be required to provide Cash Collateral pursuant to Section 8.02(a)(iii) , or (iv) there shall exist a Defaulting Lender that is a Revolving Lender, the Borrowers shall immediately (in the case of clause (iii) above) or within one Business Day (in all other cases) following any request by the Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent or the LC Issuer, provide Cash Collateral in an amount not less than the applicable Minimum Collateral Amount (determined in the case of Cash Collateral provided pursuant to clause (iv) above, after giving effect to Section 2.17(b) and any Cash Collateral provided by the Defaulting Lender). 
 (t) Grant of Security Interest . The Borrowers, and to the extent provided by any Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender, hereby grants to (and subjects to the control of) the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the LC Issuer and the Lenders, and agrees to maintain, a first priority security interest in all such cash, deposit accounts and all balances therein, and all other property so provided as collateral pursuant hereto, and in all proceeds of the foregoing, all as security for the obligations to which such Cash Collateral may be applied pursuant to Section 2.16(c) . If at any time the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent determines that Cash Collateral is subject to any right or claim of any Person other than the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or the LC Issuer as herein provided, or that the total amount of such Cash Collateral is less than the Minimum Collateral Amount, the Borrowers will, promptly upon demand by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, pay or provide to the Collateral Agent additional Cash Collateral in an amount sufficient to eliminate such deficiency. All Cash Collateral (other than credit support not constituting funds subject to deposit) shall be maintained in blocked, non-interest bearing deposit accounts at Bank of America except that, other than during the continuance of an Event of Default, Permitted Investments of the type listed in Section 7.02(b) may be made at the request of the Lead Borrower at the option and in the reasonable discretion of the Collateral Agent (and at the Borrowers risk and expense) and interest or profits, if any, on such investments shall accumulate in such account. The Borrower shall pay on demand therefor from time to time all customary account opening, activity and other administrative fees and charges in connection with the maintenance and disbursement of Cash Collateral. 
 (u) Application . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Cash Collateral provided under any of this Section 2.16 or Section 2.03 , Section 2.05 , Section 2.17 or Section 8.02 in respect of Letters of Credit shall be held and applied to the satisfaction of the specific LC Obligations, obligations to fund participations therein (including, as to Cash Collateral provided by a Defaulting Lender, any interest accrued on such obligation) and other obligations for which the Cash Collateral was so provided, prior to any other application of such property as may otherwise be provided for herein. 
 (v) Release . Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce Fronting Exposure or to secure other obligations shall be released promptly following (i) the elimination of the applicable Fronting Exposure or other obligations giving rise thereto (including by the termination of Defaulting Lender status of the applicable Lender (or, as appropriate, its assignee following compliance with Section 10.06(b)(vi) )) or (ii) the determination by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the LC Issuer that there exists excess Cash Collateral provided , however, (x) any such release shall be without prejudice to, and any disbursement or other transfer of Cash Collateral shall be and remain subject to, any other Lien conferred under the Loan Documents and the other applicable provisions of the Loan Documents, and (y) the Person providing Cash Collateral and the LC Issuer may agree that Cash Collateral shall not be released but instead held to support future anticipated Fronting Exposure or other obligations. 
 87 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Defaulting Lenders. 
 (w) Adjustments . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable Law 
 (i) Waivers and Amendments . Such Defaulting Lender s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definition of Required Lenders , Super-Majority Required Lenders , and Section 10.01 . 
 (ii) Defaulting Lender Waterfall . Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article VIII or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 10.08 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows first , to the pro rata payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Agents hereunder second , if such Defaulting Lender is a Revolving Lender, to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the LC Issuer or Swing Line Lender hereunder third , if such Defaulting Lender is a Revolving Lender, to Cash Collateralize the LC Issuer s Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with Section 2.16 fourth , as the Lead Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Revolving Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent fifth , as the Lead Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), the funding of any FILO Loan in respect which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by the Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent sixth , if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order (x) to satisfy such Defaulting Lender s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement and (y) if such Defaulting Lender is a Revolving Lender, to Cash Collateralize the LC Issuer s future Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with Section 2.16 seventh , to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders, the LC Issuer or Swing Line Lender as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, the LC Issuer or the Swing Line Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement eighth , so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrowers as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrowers against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement and last , to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction provided, that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or LC Borrowings in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Loans were made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and LC Obligations owed to, all Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or LC Obligations owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in LC Obligations and Swing Line Loans are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments hereunder without giving effect to Section 2.17(b) . Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or 
 88 
 11238955v22 11516251 

held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 2.17(a)(ii) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 
 (iii) Certain Fees . 
 (A) No Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive any fee payable under Section 2.09(a) or Section 2.09(b) for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Borrowers shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender). 
 (B) Each Defaulting Lender that is a Revolving Lender shall be entitled to receive Letter of Credit Fees for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender only to the extent allocable to its Applicable Percentage of the Stated Amount of Letters of Credit for which it has provided Cash Collateral pursuant to Section 2.16 . 
 (C) With respect to any Letter of Credit Fee not required to be paid to any Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (A) or (B) above, the Borrowers shall (x) pay to each Non-Defaulting Lender that portion of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender with respect to such Defaulting Lender s participation in LC Obligations or Swing Line Loans that has been reallocated to such Non-Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.17(b) below, (y) pay to the LC Issuer and Swing Line Lender, as applicable, the amount of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender to the extent allocable to such LC Issuer s or Swing Line Lender s Fronting Exposure to such Defaulting Lender, and (z) not be required to pay the remaining amount of any such fee. 
 (b) Reallocation of Applicable Percentages to Reduce Fronting Exposure . All or any part of such Defaulting Lender s participation in LC Obligations and Swing Line Loans shall be reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages (calculated without regard to such Defaulting Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment) but only to the extent that such reallocation does not cause the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Revolving Loans and participation in LC Obligations and Swing Line Loan of any Non-Defaulting Lender to exceed such Non-Defaulting Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment. Subject to Section 10.13 hereof, no reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lender s increased exposure following such reallocation. 
 (c) Cash Collateral, Repayment of Swing Line Loans . If the reallocation described in clause (b) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrowers shall, without prejudice to any right or remedy available to it hereunder or under applicable Law, (x) first, prepay Swing Line Loans in an amount equal to the Swing Line Lenders Fronting Exposure and (y) second, Cash Collateralize the LC Issuers Fronting Exposure in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.16 . 
 (d) Defaulting Lender Cure . If the Lead Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Swing Line Lender and the LC Issuer agree in writing that a Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect to any Cash Collateral), that Lender will, 
 89 
 11238955v22 11516251 

to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Committed Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans to be held on a pro rata basis by the Lenders in accordance with their Applicable Percentages (without giving effect to Section 2.17(b )), whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender provided , that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrowers while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender and provided , further , that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. 
 FILO Facility. 
 (e) FILO Loans . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each FILO Lender severally agrees to make loans (each such loan, a FILO Loan to the Borrowers from time to time, on the first day of each FILO Draw Period or, if the conditions precedent to the making of any FILO Loan have not been satisfied or waived in accordance with Section 2.18(c) (the FILO Borrowing Conditions as of such date, on the first Business Day during such FILO Draw Period that the FILO Borrowing Conditions have been satisfied or waived in accordance herewith, in an aggregate outstanding amount equal to the Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments as of such date provided, that in no event shall the principal amount of the FILO Loans of any FILO Lender exceed its FILO Facility Commitment. 
 (f) Borrowings and Repayment . Borrowers shall borrow 100 of the Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments on each date specified in Section 2.18(a) and, except as otherwise required under Section 2.05(c), shall not prepay or repay FILO Loans until the next applicable FILO Facility Payment Date. On each FILO Facility Payment Date, the Borrowers shall repay in full in cash all outstanding FILO Loans. No FILO Loans may be borrowed or remain outstanding on any day that does not occur during a FILO Draw Period. FILO Loans may be Base Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans, as further provided herein. 
 (g) FILO Borrowing Conditions . As a condition precedent to each Committed Borrowing of a FILO Loan, (i) all conditions specified in Section 4.02 shall have been satisfied, (ii) no Overadvance shall be outstanding, (iii) as of the date of the Committed Borrowing of such FILO Loan, no Cash Dominion Trigger Period shall be in effect, (iv) during the most recent period from September 1 through November 15 preceding the date of such proposed Committed Borrowing, the outstanding amount of Revolving Loans shall not have exceeded 200,000,000 on any day for at least thirty (30) consecutive days during such period and (v) Consolidated EBITDA minus Restricted Payments shall have equaled at least the Applicable FILO Availability Threshold for the Measurement Period ended on the last day of the calendar month that most recently ended at least sixty (60) days prior to the first day of the applicable FILO Draw Period. 
 (h) FILO Borrowing Requests. Each Committed Borrowing of FILO Loans shall be made upon the Lead Borrower s irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent given by Committed Loan Notice, which shall be delivered at least three (3) Business Days and not more than ten (10) Business Days prior to the first day of each applicable FILO Draw Period provided, that if the Lead Borrower fails to deliver such a Committed Loan Notice at least three (3) Business Days prior to the commencement of any applicable FILO Draw Period, it automatically shall be deemed to have delivered such a Committed Loan Notice two (2) Business Days prior to such date requesting that all FILO Loans available be advanced as Base Rate Loans on the first Business Day of such FILO Draw Period. Each such Committed Loan Notice must 
 90 
 11238955v22 11516251 

be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 1 00 p.m. three (3) Business Days prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of Term SOFR Loans. 
 (i) Automatic Reductions in Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, as of the first day of each period specified in the definition of the Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments, the aggregate amount thereof automatically and permanently shall be reduced to the amount so specified in such definition. In addition, unless all of the FILO Lenders otherwise agree in writing, if the Borrowers incur any Permitted Senior Debt in accordance herewith, the proceeds of such Permitted Senior Debt shall be used to prepay any outstanding FILO Loans at such time in accordance with Section 2.05(g) and the Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments automatically shall be permanently reduced dollar for dollar by the aggregate principal amount of such Permitted Senior Debt or, if such amount exceeds the amount of the Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments, the Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments shall be permanently reduced to zero, as the case may be, as of the later of (i) the date such Permitted Senior Debt is incurred and (ii) if a FILO Draw Period is then in effect, the last day of such FILO Draw Period. 
 (j) Use of Proceeds . The proceeds of each FILO Loan may be applied to any use permitted under Section 6.11 and, for the avoidance of doubt, may be used to prepay Credit Extensions under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY APPOINTMENT OF LEAD BORROWER 
 Taxes. 
 (k) Payments Free of Taxes Obligation to Withhold Payments on Account of Taxes . 
 (i) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable Laws. If any applicable Laws (as determined in the good faith discretion of the Administrative Agent) require the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by the Administrative Agent or a Loan Party, then the Administrative Agent or such Loan Party shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding, upon the basis of the information and documentation to be delivered pursuant to subsection (e) below. 
 (ii) If any Loan Party or the Administrative Agent shall be required by the Code to withhold or deduct any Taxes, including both United States Federal backup withholding and withholding taxes, from any payment, then (A) such Loan Party or the Administrative Agent shall withhold or make such deductions as are determined by such Loan Party or the Administrative Agent to be required based upon the information and documentation it has received pursuant to subsection (e) below, (B) such Loan Party or the Administrative Agent shall timely pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with the Code, and (C) to the extent that the withholding or deduction is made on account of Indemnified Taxes, the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after any required withholding or the making of all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.01 the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholding or deduction been made. 
 91 
 11238955v22 11516251 

(iii) If any Loan Party or the Administrative Agent shall be required by any applicable Laws other than the Code to withhold or deduct any Taxes from any payment, then (A) such Loan Party or the Administrative Agent, as required by such Laws, shall withhold or make such deductions as are determined by it to be required based upon the information and documentation it has received pursuant to subsection (e) below, (B) such Loan Party or the Administrative Agent, to the extent required by such Laws, shall timely pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with such Laws, and (C) to the extent that the withholding or deduction is made on account of Indemnified Taxes, the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after any required withholding or the making of all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.01 the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholding or deduction been made. 
 (l) Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrowers . Without limiting the provisions of Section 3.01(a) , each Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. 
 (m) Tax Indemnifications . 
 (i) Each Loan Party shall, and does hereby, jointly and severally indemnify each Recipient, and shall make payment in respect thereof within 10 days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 3.01 payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient, and any penalties, interest and reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Lead Borrower by a Lender or the LC Issuer (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender or the LC Issuer, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Loan Party shall, and does hereby, jointly and severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, and shall make payment in respect thereof within 10 days after demand therefor, for any amount which a Lender or the LC Issuer for any reason fails to pay indefeasibly to the Administrative Agent as required pursuant to Section 3.01(c)(ii) below. 
 (ii) Each Lender and the LC Issuer shall, and does hereby, severally indemnify, and shall make payment in respect thereof within 10 days after demand therefor, x the Administrative Agent against any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender or the LC Issuer (but only to the extent that the Borrowers have not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrowers to do so), y the Administrative Agent and each Borrower, as applicable, against any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 10.06(d) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and z the Administrative Agent and each Borrower, as applicable, against any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender or the LC Issuer, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent or a Borrower in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent 
 92 
 11238955v22 11516251 

manifest error. Each Lender and the LC Issuer hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender or the LC Issuer, as the case may be, under this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this clause (ii) . 
 (n) Evidence of Payments . As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by any Borrower to a Governmental Authority as provided in this Section 3.01 , the Lead Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of any return required by Laws to report such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (o) Status of Lenders Tax Documentation . 
 (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Lead Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Lead Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Lead Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Lead Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Lead Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 3.01(e)(ii)(A) , (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 
 (ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that any Borrower is a U.S. Person, 
 (A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Lead Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax 
 (B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Lead Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable 
 (I) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of 
 93 
 11238955v22 11516251 

such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty 
 (II) executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI 
 (III) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit N-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of any Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) or 
 (IV) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable), a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit N-2 or Exhibit N-3 , IRS Form W-9, and or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable provided , that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit N-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner 
 (C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Lead Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Lead Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made and 
 (D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Lead Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Lead Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. For purposes of determining withholding Taxes imposed under 
 94 
 11238955v22 11516251 

FATCA, from and after the Closing Date, the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent shall treat (and the Lenders hereby authorize the Administrative Agent to treat) this Agreement as not qualifying as a grandfathered obligation within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.1471-2(b)(2)(i). 
 (p) Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered pursuant to this Section 3.01 expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 (q) Treatment of Certain Refunds . Unless required by applicable Laws, at no time shall the Administrative Agent have any obligation to file for or otherwise pursue on behalf of a Lender or the LC Issuer, or have any obligation to pay to any Lender or the LC Issuer, any refund of Taxes withheld or deducted from funds paid for the account of such Lender or the LC Issuer, as the case may be. If any Recipient determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by any Borrower or with respect to which any Borrower has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.01 , it shall pay to such Borrower an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by such Borrower under this Section 3.01 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) incurred by such Recipient, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund), provided, that the Borrowers, upon the request of the Recipient, agree to repay the amount paid over to the Borrowers (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Recipient in the event the Recipient is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this subsection, in no event will the applicable Recipient be required to pay any amount to the Borrowers pursuant to this subsection the payment of which would place the Recipient in a less favorable net after-Tax position than such Recipient would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This subsection shall not be construed to require any Recipient to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating to its taxes that it deems confidential) to any Borrower or any other Person. 
 (r) Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section 3.01 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender or the LC Issuer, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations. 
 Illegality. If any Lender determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to SOFR or Term SOFR, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon SOFR or Term SOFR, then, upon notice thereof by such Lender to the Lead Borrower (through the Administrative Agent), (a) any obligation of such Lender to make or continue Term SOFR Loans or to convert Base Rate Loans to Term SOFR Loans shall be suspended, and (b) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining Base Rate Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Borrowers shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative 
 95 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Agent), prepay or, if applicable, convert all Term SOFR Loans of such Lender to Base Rate Loans (the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate), either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Term SOFR Loan to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Term SOFR Loan and (ii) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon SOFR, the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Base Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to the Term SOFR component thereof until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon SOFR. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05 . 
 Inability to Determine Rates. 
 (a) If in connection with any request for a Term SOFR Loan or a conversion of Base Rate Loans to Term SOFR Loans or a continuation of any of such Loans, as applicable, (i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that (A) no Successor Rate has been determined in accordance with Section 3.03(b), and the circumstances under clause (i) of Section 3.03(b) or the Scheduled Unavailability Date has occurred, or (B) adequate and reasonable means do not otherwise exist for determining Term SOFR for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Term SOFR Loan or in connection with an existing or proposed Base Rate Loan, or (ii) the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders determine that for any reason that Term SOFR for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding such Loan, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower and each Lender. 
 Thereafter, (x) the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain Term SOFR Loans, or to convert Base Rate Loans to Term SOFR Loans, shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected Term SOFR Loans or Interest Periods), and (y) in the event of a determination described in the preceding sentence with respect to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, the utilization of the Term SOFR component in determining the Base Rate shall be suspended, in each case until the Administrative Agent (or, in the case of a determination by the Required Lenders described in clause (ii) of this Section 3.03(a) , until the Administrative Agent upon instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice. 
 Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, or conversion to, or continuation of Term SOFR Loans (to the extent of the affected Term SOFR Loans or Interest Periods) or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein and (ii) any outstanding Term SOFR Loans shall be deemed to have been converted to Base Rate Loans immediately at the end of their respective applicable Interest Period. 
 (b) Replacement of Term SOFR or Successor Rate . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), or the Borrower or Required Lenders notify the Administrative Agent (with, in the case of the Required Lenders, a copy to the Borrower) that the Borrower or Required Lenders (as applicable) have determined, that 
 (i) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining one month, three month and six month interest periods of Term SOFR, including, without limitation, because the 
 96 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Term SOFR Screen Rate is not available or published on a current basis and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary or 
 (ii) CME or any successor administrator of the Term SOFR Screen Rate or a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent or such administrator with respect to its publication of Term SOFR, in each case acting in such capacity, has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which one month, three month and six month interest periods of Term SOFR or the Term SOFR Screen Rate shall or will no longer be made available, or permitted to be used for determining the interest rate of U.S. dollar denominated syndicated loans, or shall or will otherwise cease, provided that, at the time of such statement, there is no successor administrator that is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, that will continue to provide such interest periods of Term SOFR after such specific date (the latest date on which one month, three month and six month interest periods of Term SOFR or the Term SOFR Screen Rate are no longer available permanently or indefinitely, the Scheduled Unavailability Date 
 then, on a date and time determined by the Administrative Agent (any such date, the Term SOFR Replacement Date ), which date shall be at the end of an Interest Period or on the relevant interest payment date, as applicable, for interest calculated and, solely with respect to clause (ii) above, no later than the Scheduled Unavailability Date, Term SOFR will be replaced hereunder and under any Loan Document with Daily Simple SOFR plus the SOFR Adjustment for any payment period for interest calculated that can be determined by the Administrative Agent, in each case, without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document (the Successor Rate) . 
 If the Successor Rate is Daily Simple SOFR plus the SOFR Adjustment, all interest payments will be payable on a monthly basis. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (i) if the Administrative Agent determines that Daily Simple SOFR is not available on or prior to the Term SOFR Replacement Date, or (ii) if the events or circumstances of the type described in Section 3.03(b)(i) or (ii) have occurred with respect to the Successor Rate then in effect, then in each case, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may amend this Agreement solely for the purpose of replacing Term SOFR or any then current Successor Rate in accordance with this Section 3.03 at the end of any Interest Period, relevant interest payment date or payment period for interest calculated, as applicable, with an alternative benchmark rate giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar U.S. dollar denominated credit facilities syndicated and agented in the United States for such alternative benchmark. and, in each case, including any mathematical or other adjustments to such benchmark giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar U.S. dollar denominated credit facilities syndicated and agented in the United States for such benchmark, which adjustment or method for calculating such adjustment shall be published on an information service as selected by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion and may be periodically updated. For the avoidance of doubt, any such proposed rate and adjustments, shall constitute a Successor Rate . Any such amendment shall become effective at 5 00 p.m. on the fifth Business Day after the Administrative Agent shall have posted such proposed amendment to all Lenders and the Borrower unless, prior to such time, Lenders comprising the Required Lenders have delivered to the Administrative Agent written notice that such Required Lenders object to such amendment. 
 The Administrative Agent will promptly (in one or more notices) notify the Lead Borrower and each Lender of the implementation of any Successor Rate. 
 Any Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice provided that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the 
 97 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Administrative Agent, such Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent. 
 Notwithstanding anything else herein, if at any time any Successor Rate as so determined would otherwise be less than zero, the Successor Rate will be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 In connection with the implementation of a Successor Rate, the Administrative Agent will have the right in consultation with the Lead Borrower to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the Lead Borrower and the Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. 
 For purposes of this Section 3.03, those Lenders that either have not made, or do not have an obligation under this Agreement to make, the relevant Loans in Dollars shall be excluded from any determination of Required Lenders. 
 Increased Costs. 
 (a) Increased Costs Generally . If any Change in Law shall 
 (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender or the LC Issuer 
 (ii) subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto or 
 (iii) impose on any Lender or the LC Issuer any other condition, cost or expense affecting this Agreement or Term SOFR Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein 
 and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making, converting to, continuing or maintaining any Term SOFR Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan), or to increase the cost to such Lender or the LC Issuer of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit (or of maintaining its obligation to participate in or to issue any Letter of Credit), or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or the LC Issuer hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then, upon request of such Lender or the LC Issuer, the Borrowers will pay to such Lender or the LC Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the LC Issuer, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 
 (b) Capital Requirements . If any Lender or the LC Issuer determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or the LC Issuer or any Lending Office of such Lender or such Lender s or the LC Issuer s holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or the LC Issuer s capital or on the capital of such Lender s or the LC Issuer s holding company, if any, 
 98 
 11238955v22 11516251 

as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit or Swing Line Loans held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by the LC Issuer, to a level below that which such Lender or the LC Issuer or such Lender s or the LC Issuer s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s or the LC Issuer s policies and the policies of such Lender s or the LC Issuer s holding company with respect to capital adequacy or liquidity), then from time to time the Borrowers will pay to such Lender or the LC Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the LC Issuer or such Lender s or the LC Issuer s holding company for any such reduction suffered. 
 (c) Certificates for Reimbursement . A certificate of a Lender or the LC Issuer setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or the LC Issuer or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in subsection (a) or (b) of this Section 3.04 and delivered to the Lead Borrower shall be presumptively correct absent manifest error. The Borrowers shall pay such Lender or the LC Issuer, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. 
 (d) Delay in Requests . Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or the LC Issuer to demand compensation pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s or the LC Issuer s right to demand such compensation, provided , that the Borrowers shall not be required to compensate a Lender or the LC Issuer pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than 180 days prior to the date that such Lender or the LC Issuer, as the case may be, notifies the Lead Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s or the LC Issuer s intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 180 days period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). 
 Compensation for Losses. Upon demand of any Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) from time to time, the Borrowers shall promptly compensate such Lender for and hold such Lender harmless from any loss, cost or expense incurred by it as a result of 
 (e) any continuation, conversion, payment or prepayment of any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period for such Loan (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise) 
 (f) any failure by the Borrowers (for a reason other than the failure of such Lender to make a Loan) to prepay, borrow, continue or convert any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan on the date or in the amount notified by the Lead Borrower or 
 (g) any assignment of a Term SOFR Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period therefor as a result of a request by the Lead Borrower pursuant to Section 10.13 
 including any loss of anticipated profits and any loss or expense arising from the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain such Loan or from fees payable to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained. The Borrowers shall also pay any customary administrative fees charged by such Lender in connection with the foregoing. 
 Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders. 
 (a) Designation of a Different Lending Office . Each Lender may make any Credit Extension to the Borrowers through any Lending Office, provided , that the exercise of this 
 99 
 11238955v22 11516251 

option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrowers to repay the Credit Extension in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04 , or the Borrowers are required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amount to any Lender, or LC Issuer or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender or LC Issuer pursuant to Section 3.01 , or if any Lender gives a notice pursuant to Section 3.02 , then such Lender or LC Issuer shall, as applicable, use reasonable efforts to designate a different Lending Office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender or LC Issuer, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.01 or Section 3.04 , as the case may be, in the future, or eliminate the need for the notice pursuant to Section 3.02 , as applicable, and (ii) in each case, would not subject such Lender or LC Issuer, as the case may be, to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender or LC Issuer, as the case may be. The Borrowers hereby agree to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender or LC Issuer, as the case may be, in connection with any such designation or assignment. 
 (b) Replacement of Lenders . If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04 , or if the Borrowers are required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01 , and, in each case, such Lender has declined or is unable to designate a different lending office in accordance with Section 3.06(a) , the Borrowers may replace such Lender in accordance with Section 10.13 . 
 Survival. All of the Borrowers obligations under this Article III shall survive termination of the Aggregate Commitments and repayment of all other Secured Obligations hereunder and resignation of the Administrative Agent. 
 Designation of Lead Borrower as Borrowers Agent. 
 Each Borrower hereby irrevocably designates and appoints the Lead Borrower as such Borrower s agent to obtain Credit Extensions, the proceeds of which shall be available to each Borrower for such uses as are permitted under this Agreement. As the disclosed principal for its agent, each Borrower shall be obligated to each Credit Party on account of Credit Extensions so made as if made directly by the applicable Credit Party to such Borrower, notwithstanding the manner by which such Credit Extensions are recorded on the books and records of the Lead Borrower and of any other Borrower. In addition, each Loan Party other than the Borrowers hereby irrevocably designates and appoints the Lead Borrower as such Loan Party s agent to represent such Loan Party in all respects under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 (a) Each Borrower recognizes that credit available to it hereunder is in excess of and on better terms than it otherwise could obtain on and for its own account and that one of the reasons therefor is its joining in the credit facility contemplated herein with all other Borrowers. Consequently, each Borrower shall have joint and several liability in respect of all Secured Obligations, without regard to any defense (other than the defense of payment), setoff or counterclaim which may at any time be available to or be asserted by any other Loan Party against the Credit Parties, or by any other circumstance whatsoever (with or without notice to or knowledge of the Borrowers) which constitutes, or might be construed to constitute, an equitable or legal discharge of the Borrowers liability hereunder, in bankruptcy or in any other instance, and such Secured Obligations of the Borrowers shall not be conditioned or contingent upon the pursuit by the Lenders or any other Person at any time of any right or remedy against any Borrower or against any other Person which may be or become liable in respect of all or any part of the Secured Obligations or against any Collateral or Guaranty therefor or right of offset with respect thereto. Each Borrower hereby acknowledge that this Agreement is the independent and several obligation of each Borrower (regardless of which Borrower shall have delivered a 
 100 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Request for Credit Extension) and may be enforced against each Borrower separately, whether or not enforcement of any right or remedy hereunder has been sought against any other Borrower. Each Borrower hereby expressly waives, with respect to any of the Credit Extensions made to any other Borrower hereunder and any of the amounts owing hereunder by such other Loan Parties in respect of such Credit Extensions, diligence, presentment, demand of payment, protest and all notices whatsoever, and any requirement that the Agent, the L C Issuer or any Lender exhaust any right, power or remedy or proceed against such other Loan Parties under this Agreement or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein or against any other Person under any other guarantee of, or security for, any of such amounts owing hereunder. 
 (b) The Lead Borrower shall act as a conduit for each Borrower (including itself, as a Borrower on whose behalf the Lead Borrower has requested a Credit Extension. Neither the Administrative Agent nor any other Credit Party shall have any obligation to see to the application of such proceeds therefrom. 
 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS 
 Conditions of Initial Credit Extension. The obligation of the LC Issuer and each Lender to make its initial Credit Extension hereunder is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent 
 (c) The Administrative Agent s receipt of the following, each of which shall be originals or telecopies (followed promptly by originals) unless otherwise specified, each properly executed by a Responsible Officer of the signing Loan Party, each dated the Closing Date (or, in the case of certificates of governmental officials, a recent date before the Closing Date) and each in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent 
 (i) executed counterparts of this Agreement sufficient in number for distribution to the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the Lead Borrower 
 (ii) a Note executed by the Borrowers in favor of each Lender requesting a Note 
 (iii) such certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates and or other certificates of Responsible Officers of each Loan Party as the Administrative Agent may require evidencing (A) the authority of each Loan Party to enter into this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party or is to be a party and (B) the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer thereof authorized to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party or is to be a party 
 (iv) copies of each Loan Party s Organization Documents and such other documents and certifications as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require to evidence that each Loan Party is duly organized or formed, and that each Loan Party is validly existing, in good standing and qualified to engage in business in each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect 
 (v) a favorable opinion of each of Arnold & Porter LLP, counsel to the Loan Parties, and Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP, counsel to the Loan Parties, in each case, addressed to the Administrative Agent and each Lender and as to such matters 
 101 
 11238955v22 11516251 

concerning the Loan Parties and the Loan Documents as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request (including, without limitation, with respect to enforceability, due authorization and perfection of the Liens in favor of the Collateral Agent) 
 (vi) a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower certifying (A) that the conditions specified in clauses (a), (b) and (c) of Section 4.02 have been satisfied (after giving effect to the consummation of the transactions contemplated under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents on the Closing Date (including any Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder)), (B) that there has been no event or circumstance since May 2, 2015, that has had or could be reasonably expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, (C) either that (1) no consents, licenses or approvals are required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by such Loan Party and the validity against such Loan Party of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, or (2) that all such consents, licenses and approvals have been obtained and are in full force and effect, (D) there have not been any material change in the capital structure and capitalization of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries from the Initial Cap Table, (E) that executed copies of the Spin-Off Agreements are attached thereto and (F) that the Spin-Off shall have occurred, and the senior credit facilities of the B&N Parties have closed on or substantially simultaneously with the Closing Date 
 (vii) evidence that all insurance required to be maintained pursuant to the Loan Documents and all endorsements in favor of the Collateral Agent required under the Loan Documents have been obtained and are in effect 
 (viii) a certificate from the chief financial officer of the Lead Borrower, satisfactory in form and substance to the Administrative Agent, attesting to the Solvency of the Loan Parties on a consolidated basis as of the Closing Date after giving effect to the transactions contemplated hereby 
 (ix) the Security Documents, each duly executed by the applicable Loan Parties 
 (x) all other Loan Documents, each duly executed by the applicable Loan Parties and 
 (xi) all documents and instruments, including Uniform Commercial Code financing statements, required by law or reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent and the Arrangers to be filed, registered or recorded to create or perfect the first priority Liens intended to be created under the Loan Documents and all such documents and instruments shall have been so filed, registered or recorded, in each case, to the reasonable satisfaction of the Collateral Agent and the Arrangers. 
 (d) Not less than 100,000,000 in Aggregate Commitments shall have been received from Lenders other than the Lead Lenders executing this Agreement. 
 (e) After giving effect to (i) the first funding under the Loans, (ii) any charges to the Loan Account made in connection with the establishment of the credit facility contemplated hereby and (iii) all Letters of Credit to be issued at, or immediately subsequent to, such establishment (including, without limitation, the Existing Letters of Credit), Availability shall be not less than 150,000,000. 
 102 
 11238955v22 11516251 

(f) The Administrative Agent shall have received a Borrowing Base Certificate dated the Closing Date and relating to the fiscal month ended on July 4, 2015, duly executed by a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower. 
 (g) All fees required to be paid to the Agents or the Arrangers on or before the Closing Date shall have been paid in full, and all fees required to be paid to the Lenders on or before the Closing Date shall have been paid in full. 
 (h) The Administrative Agent and each Lender shall have received all documentation and other information required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including without limitation the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the Patriot Act ). 
 (i) The Lead Lenders shall be reasonably satisfied with the terms and conditions, taken as a whole, of the Spin-Off Agreements to the extent material to the interests of the Lenders. 
 (j) The Spin-Off shall have occurred, and the senior credit facilities of the B&N Parties shall close on or substantially simultaneously with the Closing Date. 
 (k) The payoff of the Existing Credit Agreement (including the termination of commitments thereunder and agreements to terminate, or assign to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, all Liens arising thereunder) shall be effected on the Closing Date in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Payoff Letter (including, if applicable, the provision of cash collateral or a Letter of Credit with respect to any Letters of Credit then issued and outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement). 
 Without limiting the generality of the provisions of Section 9.04 , for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 4.01 , each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have Consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be Consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto. 
 Conditions to all Credit Extensions. The obligation of each Lender to honor any Request for Credit Extension (other than a Committed Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Committed Loans to the other Type or a continuation of Term SOFR Loans) and of each LC Issuer to issue each Letter of Credit is subject to the following conditions precedent 
 (a) The representations and warranties of the Lead Borrower and each other Loan Party contained in Article V or any other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection herewith or therewith, (i) which are qualified by materiality shall be true and correct, and (ii) which are not qualified by materiality shall be true and correct in all material respects, in each case, on and as of the date of such Credit Extension, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct, or true and correct in all material respects, as the case may be, as of such earlier date, and except that for purposes of this Section 4.02 , the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent consolidated statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b), respectively, of Section 6.01 . 
 103 
 11238955v22 11516251 

(b) No Default shall exist or would result from such proposed Credit Extension or from the application of the proceeds thereof. 
 (c) After giving effect to such Credit Extension, (i) the Total Outstandings under the Revolving Credit Facility will not exceed the Loan Cap and (ii) the Total Outstandings under the Facilities will not exceed the Aggregate Loan Cap. 
 (d) The Administrative Agent and, if applicable, the LC Issuer or the Swing Line Lender shall have received a Request for Credit Extension in accordance with the requirements hereof. 
 (e) With respect to a Request for Credit Extension (other than a Committed Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Committed Loans to the other Type or a continuation of Term SOFR Loans), (i) the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall be in compliance with Section 7.15 after giving pro forma effect to such proposed Credit Extension (ii) at the time of such proposed Credit Extension, before giving effect thereto, the Loan Parties shall not have any Excess Cash and (iii) such proposed Credit Extension shall not trigger or be reasonably expected to trigger an Excess Cash Prepayment. 
 (a) To the extent requested by the Administrative Agent, the Loan Parties shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a reasonably detailed description of all disbursements to be made by the Loan Parties from the proceeds of such proposed Credit Extension. 
 (b) With respect to any Credit Extension to be made on or after the Eighth Amendment Effective Date, the condition set forth in Section 5(a)(i) of the Eighth Amendment shall be satisfied. 
 Each Request for Credit Extension (other than a Committed Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Committed Loans to the other Type or a continuation of Term SOFR Loans) submitted by the Lead Borrower shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Borrowers that the conditions specified in Section 4.02(a) through Section 4.02(c) have been satisfied on and as of the date of the applicable Credit Extension. The conditions set forth in this Section 4.02 are for the sole benefit of the Credit Parties but until the Required Lenders otherwise direct the Administrative Agent to cease making Committed Loans, the Lenders will fund their Applicable Percentage of all Loans, and LC Advances and participate in all Swing Line Loans and Letters of Credit whenever made or issued, which are requested by the Lead Borrower and which, notwithstanding the failure of the Loan Parties to comply with the provisions of clauses (a), (b), (d) or (e) of this Article IV are agreed to by the Administrative Agent provided , however , that, if the Administrative Agent has actual knowledge that any Specified Default or any Event of Default under Section 6.13 shall have occurred and be continuing, the Administrative Agent shall cease making Committed Loans unless the Required Lenders otherwise direct in writing provided , further , that the making of any such Loans or the issuance of any Letters of Credit shall not be deemed a modification or waiver by any Credit Party of the provisions of this Article IV on any future occasion or a waiver of any rights of the Credit Parties as a result of any such failure to comply. 
 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 104 
 11238955v22 11516251 

To induce the Credit Parties to enter into this Agreement and to make Loans and to issue Letters of Credit hereunder, each Loan Party represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the other Credit Parties that 
 Existence, Qualification and Power. Each Loan Party (a) is a corporation, limited liability company, partnership or limited partnership, duly organized or formed, validly existing and, where applicable, in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, (b) has all requisite power and authority and all requisite governmental licenses, permits, authorizations, consents and approvals to (i) own, lease or operate its assets and carry on its business as now conducted and (ii) execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and (c) is duly qualified and is licensed and, where applicable, in good standing under the Laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification or license except in each case referred to in clause (b)(i) or (c), to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Schedule 5.01 annexed hereto sets forth, as of the Second Amendment Effective Date, each Loan Party s name as it appears in official filings in its state of incorporation or organization, its state of incorporation or organization, organization type, organization number, if any, issued by its state of incorporation or organization, and its federal employer identification number. 
 Authorization No Contravention. The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of each Loan Document to which such Person is or is to be a party, has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action, and does not and will not (a) contravene the terms of any of such Person s Organization Documents (b) conflict with or result in any breach, termination, or contravention of, or constitute a default under, or require any payment to be made under (i) any Material Indebtedness to which such Person is a party or affecting such Person or the properties of such Person, or (ii) any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which such Person or its property is subject (c) result in or require the creation of any Lien upon any asset of any Loan Party (other than Permitted Encumbrances) or (d) violate any Law. 
 Governmental Authorization Other Consents. No approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is necessary or required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by, or enforcement against, any Loan Party of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except for (a) the perfection or maintenance of the Liens created under the Security Documents (including the first priority nature thereof to the extent specified in the Security Agreement) or (b) such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect. 
 Binding Effect. This Agreement has been, and each other Loan Document, when delivered, will have been, duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party that is party thereto. This Agreement constitutes, and each other Loan Document when so delivered will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against each Loan Party that is party thereto in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law provided , that the application of Write-Down and Conversion Powers by any EEA Resolution Authority (or the public announcement of the impending application of such powers) with respect to any liabilities of a Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be deemed a breach of this representation. 
 Financial Statements No Material Adverse Effect. 
 105 
 11238955v22 11516251 

(a) The Audited Financial Statements (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein (ii) fairly present the financial condition of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and their results of operations for the period covered thereby in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein and (iii) show all Material Indebtedness and other liabilities, direct or contingent, of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof, including liabilities for taxes, material commitments and Indebtedness. 
 (b) The unaudited Consolidated balance sheet of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries most recently delivered in accordance with Section 6.01(b) , and the related Consolidated statements of income or operations, Shareholders Equity and cash flows for the fiscal quarter ended on that date (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein, and (ii) fairly present the financial condition of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and their results of operations for the period covered thereby, subject, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii), to the absence of footnotes and to normal year-end audit adjustments. 
 (c) Since the date of the Audited Financial Statements dated May 2, 2015, there has been no event or circumstance, either individually or in the aggregate, that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (d) The Consolidated balance sheet and statements of income and cash flows of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(d) were prepared in good faith on the basis of the assumptions stated therein, which assumptions were fair in light of the conditions existing at the time of delivery of such forecasts, and represented, at the time of delivery, the Loan Parties reasonable estimate of its future financial performance (it being understood that such forecasted financial information is subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the control of the Loan Parties, that no assurance is given that any particular forecasts will be realized, that results may differ and that such differences may be material). 
 Litigation. There are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties after due and diligent investigation, threatened or contemplated, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, by or against any Loan Party or against any of its properties or revenues that (a) purport to affect or pertain to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any of the transactions contemplated hereby, or (b) except as specifically disclosed in Schedule 5.06 , either individually or in the aggregate, if determined adversely, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 No Default. No Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 Ownership of Property Liens. Each of the Loan Parties has good record and marketable title in fee simple to or valid leasehold interests in or other rights to use or operate, all real property necessary or used in the ordinary conduct of its business, except for such defects in title as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each of the Loan Parties has good and marketable title to, valid leasehold interests in, or valid licenses to use all personal property and assets used in the ordinary conduct of its business, except for such defects in title as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Intentionally Omitted. 
 106 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Insurance. The properties (including, without limitation, all Collateral) of the Loan Parties are insured with financially sound and reputable insurance companies which are not Affiliates of the Loan Parties (other than any Permitted Self-Insurance Program), in such amounts, with such deductibles and covering such risks as are customarily carried by companies engaged in similar businesses and owning similar properties in localities where the Loan Parties operate. Schedule 5.10 sets forth a description of all insurance maintained by or on behalf of the Loan Parties as of the Second Amendment Effective Date. As of the Second Amendment Effective Date, each insurance policy listed on Schedule 5.10 , and, thereafter, each insurance policy reflected on an Accord Certificate or other evidence of insurance most recently delivered to the Administrative Agent in accordance herewith is in full force and effect and all premiums in respect thereof that are due and payable have been paid. 
 Taxes. The Loan Parties have filed (i) all Federal, state and other material tax returns and reports required to be filed, and have paid all Federal, state and other material taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges levied or imposed upon them or their properties, income or assets otherwise due and payable, except those which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings being diligently conducted, for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP, as to which Taxes no material Lien has been filed and which contest effectively suspends the collection of the contested obligation and the enforcement of any Lien securing such obligation and (ii) all claims or amended returns making claims for the maximum amount of CARES Act Tax Refund Claim available under applicable Law to the Loan Parties (and any Subsidiary filing as a part of a consolidated, combined or unitary Tax group) as reasonably determined by the Lead Borrower . There is no proposed tax assessment against any Loan Party that would, if made, be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Loan Party is a party to any tax sharing agreement other than (i) the tax sharing agreement between Lead Borrower and certain of its Subsidiaries and (ii) that certain Tax Matters Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, between the Lead Borrower and BNED. 
 ERISA Compliance. 
 (e) Each Plan is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other Federal or state Laws. Each Plan that is intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination letter from the IRS or an application for such a letter is currently being processed by the IRS with respect thereto and, to the best knowledge of the Lead Borrower, nothing has occurred which would prevent, or cause the loss of, such qualification. The Loan Parties and each ERISA Affiliate have made all required contributions to each Plan subject to Section 412 of the Code, and no application for a funding waiver or an extension of any amortization period pursuant to Section 412 of the Code is pending or in effect with respect to any Plan, except to the extent any failure to make such contribution would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (f) There are no pending or, to the best knowledge of the Lead Borrower, threatened claims, actions or lawsuits, or action by any Governmental Authority, with respect to any Plan that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There has been no prohibited transaction or violation of the fiduciary responsibility rules with respect to any Plan that has resulted or would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (g) (i) Except as set forth in Schedule 5.12 , (i) no ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur (ii) no Pension Plan has any Unfunded Pension Liability (iii) neither any Loan Party nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred, or reasonably expects to incur, any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to any Pension Plan (other than premiums due and not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA) (iv) neither any Loan Party nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred, or reasonably expects to incur, any liability (and no event has occurred which, with the giving of notice under Section 4219 of ERISA, would result 
 107 
 11238955v22 11516251 

in such liability) under Sections 4201 or 4243 of ERISA with respect to a Multiemployer Plan and (v) neither any Loan Party nor any ERISA Affiliate has engaged in a transaction that could be subject to Sections 4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA, except in each case to the extent the occurrence of any event described in the foregoing clauses (i) through (iv) could not reasonably be expect to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Subsidiaries Equity Interests. As of the Second Amendment Effective Date, the Loan Parties have no Subsidiaries other than those specifically disclosed in Part (a) of Schedule 5.13 , which Schedule sets forth the legal name, jurisdiction of incorporation or formation and authorized Equity Interests of each such Subsidiary. As of the Second Amendment Effective Date, (a) all of the outstanding Equity Interests in such Subsidiaries have been validly issued, are fully paid and non-assessable and are owned by a Loan Party (or a Subsidiary of a Loan Party) in the amounts specified on Part (a) of Schedule 5.13 free and clear of all Liens, (b) except as set forth in Schedule 5.13 , there are no outstanding rights to purchase any Equity Interests in any Subsidiary and (c) the Loan Parties have no equity investments in any other corporation or entity other than those specifically disclosed in Part(b) of Schedule 5.13 . 
 Margin Regulations Investment Company Act. 
 (h) No Loan Party is engaged or will be engaged, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U issued by the FRB), or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock. None of the proceeds of the Credit Extensions shall be used directly or indirectly for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin stock, for the purpose of reducing or retiring any Indebtedness that was originally incurred to purchase or carry any margin stock or for any other purpose that might cause any of the Credit Extensions to be considered a purpose credit within the meaning of Regulations T, U, or X issued by the FRB. Following the application of the proceeds of each Borrowing or drawing under each Letter of Credit, not more than 25 of the value of the assets (either of the Borrowers only or of the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis) subject to the provisions of Section 7.01 or Section 7.05 or subject to any restriction contained in any agreement or instrument between any Borrower and any Lender or any Affiliate of any Lender relating to Indebtedness and within the scope of Section 8.01(e) will be margin stock. 
 (i) None of the Loan Parties is or is required to be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
 Disclosure. The reports, financial statements, certificates and other written information furnished and prepared by or on behalf of any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder or under any other Loan Document (in each case, as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished), taken as a whole, do not contain any material misstatement of fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading provided , that with respect to projected financial information, the Loan Parties represent only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time (it being understood that such projections are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the control of the Loan Parties, that no assurance is given that any particular forecasts will be realized, that actual results may differ and that such differences may be material). As of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification, if applicable, is true and correct in all respects. 
 108 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Compliance with Laws. Each of the Loan Parties is in compliance in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its properties, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted or (b) the failure to comply therewith, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Intellectual Property Licenses, Etc. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (a) the Loan Parties own, or possess the right to use, all the Intellectual Property that is reasonably necessary for the operation of their respective businesses, and (b) to the knowledge of any Responsible Officer, no Loan Party has infringed upon any Intellectual Property rights held by any other Person. 
 Labor Matters. There are no strikes, lockouts, slowdowns or other material labor disputes against any Loan Party pending or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The hours worked by and payments made to employees of the Loan Parties comply with the Fair Labor Standards Act and any other applicable federal, state, local or foreign Law dealing with such matters except to the extent that any such violation could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Loan Party has incurred any liability or obligation under the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Act or similar state Law, except as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. All payments due from any Loan Party, or for which any claim may be made against any Loan Party, on account of wages and employee health and welfare insurance and other benefits, have been paid or properly accrued in accordance with GAAP as a liability on the books of such Loan Party, except as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as set forth on Schedule 5.18 no Loan Party is a party to or bound by any collective bargaining agreement. There are no representation proceedings pending or, to any Loan Party s knowledge, threatened to be filed with the National Labor Relations Board, and no labor organization or group of employees of any Loan Party has made a pending demand for recognition in each case which could individually or in the aggregate be reasonably expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. There are no complaints, unfair labor practice charges, grievances, arbitrations, unfair employment practices charges or any other claims or complaints against any Loan Party pending or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened to be filed with any Governmental Authority or arbitrator based on, arising out of, in connection with, or otherwise relating to the employment or termination of employment of any employee of any Loan Party which could, individually or in the aggregate, be reasonably expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents will not give rise to any right of termination or right of renegotiation on the part of any union under any collective bargaining agreement to which any Loan Party is bound except as could not reasonably be expected to have individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Security Documents. The Security Documents create in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Credit Parties referred to therein, a legal, valid, continuing and enforceable security interest in the Collateral (as defined in the Security Agreement), the enforceability of which is subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. The financing statements, releases and other filings are in appropriate form and have been or will be filed in the offices specified in the Perfection Certificate. Upon such filings and or the obtaining of control, the Collateral Agent will have a perfected Lien on, and security interest in, to and under all right, title and interest of the grantors thereunder in all Collateral that may be perfected by filing, recording or registering a financing statement or analogous document (including without limitation the proceeds of such Collateral subject to the limitations relating to such proceeds in the UCC) or by obtaining control, under the UCC (in effect on the date this representation is made) in each case prior and 
 109 
 11238955v22 11516251 

superior in right to any other Person, except in the case of Liens permitted under clauses (c), (d), (f), (h), (m) or (p) (with respect to Excluded Assets) of Section 7.01 hereof. 
 Solvency. After giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and before and after giving effect to each Credit Extension, the Loan Parties, on a consolidated basis, are, and will be, Solvent. No transfer of property has been or will be made by any Loan Party and no obligation has been or will be incurred by any Loan Party in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents with the intent to hinder, delay, or defraud either present or future creditors of any Loan Party. 
 Deposit and Securities Accounts Credit Card Arrangements. 
 (j) Annexed hereto as Schedule 5.21(a) is a list of all DDAs maintained by the Loan Parties as of the Sixth Amendment Effective Date, which Schedule includes, with respect to each DDA (i) the name and address of and contact person at the depository (ii) the account number(s) maintained with such depository and (iii) the identification of each Blocked Account Bank. 
 (k) Annexed hereto as Schedule 5.21(b) is a list describing all arrangements as of the Sixth Amendment Effective Date to which any Loan Party is a party with respect to the processing and or payment to such Loan Party of the proceeds of any credit card charges for sales made by such Loan Party. 
 (l) Annexed hereto as Schedule 5.21(c) is a list describing each securities account of the Loan Parties as of the Second Amendment Effective Date which schedule includes, with respect to each securities account, (i) the name and address of the applicable securities intermediary, (ii) a description and value of all property held therein and (iii) the account numbers and name of such accounts. 
 Brokers. No broker or finder brought about the obtaining, making or closing of the Loans or transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, and no Loan Party or Affiliate thereof has any obligation to any Person in respect of any finder s or brokerage fees in connection therewith. 
 Customer and Trade Relations. There exists no actual or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened, termination or cancellation of, or any modification or change in the business relationship of any Loan Party with any supplier which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Storage Locations. Subject to Section 6.12(b) , there are no warehouse or other storage or distribution facilities leased by the Loan Parties (excluding Stores) in which, in the aggregate, more than 10,000,000 of Inventory is or may be located from time to time and with respect to which the Loan Parties have not caused to be delivered to the Administrative Agent a Collateral Access Agreement. 
 OFAC. No Loan Party, nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of any Loan Party its Subsidiaries, any director, officer, employee, agent, affiliate or representative thereof, is an individual or entity that is, or is majority owned or controlled by any individual or entity that is (i) currently the target of any Sanctions , (ii) included on OFAC s List of Specially Designated Nationals, HMT s Consolidated List of Financial Sanctions Targets and the Investment Ban List, or any similar list enforced by any other relevant sanctions authority or (iii) located, organized or resident in a Designated Jurisdiction. The Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries have conducted their business in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Sanctions instituted and 
 110 
 11238955v22 11516251 

maintained policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such Sanctions. 
 Anti-Corruption Laws. None of the Loan Parties or their Subsidiaries have breached the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010, or any other applicable anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions the effect of which breach is or could reasonably be expected to be material to the Loan Parties, taken as a whole, and the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries have instituted and maintained policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws. 
 Affected Financial Institutions . No Loan Party is an Affected Financial Institution. 
 Covered Entity . No Loan Party is a Covered Entity. 
 1.01 CARES Act Tax Refund Claim. (i) Except to the extent previously disclosed to the Administrative Agent, all information provided to the Lenders in respect of the CARES Act Tax Refund Claim remains true and correct in all material respects as of the date of each Borrowing Base Certificate and without limiting the foregoing, the Lead Borrower shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in writing of any material change to such information, (ii) except as disclosed to the Administrative Agent, there has been no materially adverse developments with respect to the assumptions upon which any Tax Materials rely, (iii) all claims or amended returns or other forms making claims for the CARES Act Tax Refund Claim available to the Loan Parties (and any Subsidiary filing as a part of a consolidated, combined or unitary Tax group), to the knowledge of the employees or officers of the Loan Parties responsible for pursuing such claim, have been appropriately filed and or executed, (iv) except as disclosed to the Administrative Agent, neither the Lead Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries has been audited or received notice of initiation thereof by any governmental taxing authority for any tax period for which the applicable statute of limitations for assessment of taxes remains open and (v) all such claims or amended returns or other forms reflect the anticipated receipt by the Lead Borrower of not less than the CARES Act Tax Refund Claim reflected in the most recent Borrowing Base Certificate. 
 AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 So long as any Obligation hereunder (other than contingent indemnification obligations as to which no claim has been asserted) shall not be Fully Satisfied, the Loan Parties shall 
 Financial Statements. Deliver to the Administrative Agent, in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent 
 (a) as soon as available, but in any event within 90 days after the end of each Fiscal Year of the Lead Borrower (plus, if requested by Lead Borrower in writing on or prior to such date, up to an additional five (5) Business Days thereafter), a Consolidated balance sheet of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such Fiscal Year, and the related Consolidated statements of income or operations, Shareholders Equity and cash flows for such Fiscal Year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, such Consolidated statements to be audited and accompanied by a report and unqualified opinion of a Registered Public Accounting Firm of nationally recognized standing reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, which report and opinion shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and shall not be subject to any going concern or like qualification or exception or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit 
 111 
 11238955v22 11516251 

(b) as soon as available, but in any event within 45 days after the end of each of the first three Fiscal Quarters of each Fiscal Year of the Lead Borrower (plus, if requested by Lead Borrower in writing on or prior to such date, up to an additional five (5) Business Days thereafter), a balance sheet of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such Fiscal Quarter, and the related Consolidated statements of income or operations, Shareholders Equity and cash flows for such Fiscal Quarter and for the portion of the Lead Borrower s Fiscal Year then ended, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for (A) the corresponding Fiscal Quarter of the previous Fiscal Year and (B) the corresponding portion of the previous Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail, such Consolidated statements to be certified by a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower as fairly presenting the financial condition, results of operations, Shareholders Equity and cash flows of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such Fiscal Quarter in accordance with GAAP, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes 
 (c) as soon as available, but in any event within 30 days after the end of each Fiscal Month of each Fiscal Year excluding the end of any Fiscal Month which is also the end of a Fiscal Quarter) plus, if requested by Lead Borrower in writing on or prior to such date, up to an additional two (2) Business Days thereafter), a Consolidated balance sheet of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such Fiscal Month, and the related Consolidated statements of income or operations, Shareholders Equity and cash flows for such Fiscal Month, and for the portion of the Lead Borrower s Fiscal Year then ended, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for (A) the corresponding Fiscal Month of the previous Fiscal Year and (B) the corresponding portion of the previous Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail, such Consolidated statements to be certified by a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower as fairly presenting the financial condition, results of operations, Shareholders Equity and cash flows of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such Fiscal Month in accordance with GAAP, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes and 
 (d) as soon as available, but in any event not more than 60 days after the end of each Fiscal Year of the Lead Borrower (plus, if requested by Lead Borrower in writing on or prior to such date, up to an additional five (5) Business Days thereafter), forecasts prepared by management of the Lead Borrower, in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, of Consolidated balance sheets and statements of income or operations and cash flows of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries, as well as projected Availability, on a monthly basis for the immediately following Fiscal Year (including the Fiscal Year in which the Maturity Date occurs), and as soon as available, any significant revisions to such forecast with respect to such Fiscal Year. 
 The Administrative Agent and the Lenders acknowledge and agree that notwithstanding the allotted time periods for monthly delivery of financial statements and Compliance Certificates set forth in Section 6.01(c) and Section 6.02(a) , the time periods for delivering such financial statements and Compliance Certificates for the months of April and May of each Fiscal Year shall be extended by 30 days for April and 15 days for May (each an Extension Period provided , that no prepayment of Indebtedness, Acquisition, Restricted Payment, Investment or other transaction or payment permitted hereunder based upon a calculation of Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio or Consolidated Adjusted Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio shall be permitted during any Extension Period if the applicable financial statements and Compliance Certificates for such periods have not been delivered. 
 Certificates Other Information . Deliver to the Administrative Agent, in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent 
 (e) concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in each of Section 6.01(a) , Section 6.01(b) and Section 6.01(c) , (i) a duly completed Compliance 
 112 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower, (ii) a certificate setting forth any change in generally accepted accounting principles used in the preparation of such financial statements, (iii) a copy of management s discussion and analysis with respect to such financial statements, (iv) a certification as to the Borrowers compliance with Section 7.15 at all times since the date of the last Compliance Certificate delivered pursuant hereto or, in the case of the first Compliance Certificate delivered after the Closing Date, the Closing Date each of the financial covenants set forth in Section 7.15 , and (v) a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower (A) identifying each Immaterial Subsidiary and its jurisdiction of formation and (B) certifying that (1) the total assets of all Immaterial Subsidiaries, as of the end of the most recent Fiscal Quarter for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or Section 6.01(b) hereof, is less than five percent (5.0 of the Consolidated total assets of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries, (2) no Immaterial Subsidiary owns any (i) assets included in the Borrowing Base or (ii) any Material IP, and (3) the gross revenues of all Immaterial Subsidiaries for the Measurement Period ended the last Fiscal Month included in such financial statements is less than five percent (5.0 of the Consolidated gross revenues of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such Measurement Period, in each case as determined in accordance with GAAP 
 (f) (i) no later than the third Business Day (or, if agreed by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion, the fourth Business Day) of each week, a Borrowing Base Certificate showing the Borrowing Base as of the close of business as of the last day of the immediately preceding week, each Borrowing Base Certificate to be certified as complete and correct by a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower provided , however , except for any transaction described in clause (ii) below, for so long as a Weekly Reporting Trigger has not occurred and is continuing on or after the Sixth Amendment Effective Date, each such Borrowing Base Certificate required to be delivered in respect of the first eight (8) weeks following the Sixth Amendment Effective Date shall not require updated Inventory detail and such Inventory detail shall be provided with respect to each preceding Fiscal Month no later than the 15th day of each Fiscal Month (or, if such day is not a Business Day, on the next succeeding Business Day) provided, however, for the avoidance of doubt, from and after the occurrence of a Weekly Reporting Trigger or the eighth (8 th week following the Sixth Amendment Effective Date, as applicable, (A) the Loan Parties shall deliver a Borrowing Base Certificate to the Administrative Agent no later than the third Business Day (or, if agreed by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion, the fourth Business Day) of each week showing the Borrowing Base as of the close of business as of the last day of the immediately preceding week, each Borrowing Base Certificate to be certified as complete and correct by a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower and (B) the Borrowing Base shall be calculated without giving effect to the immediately preceding proviso and shall contain full detail regarding the Loan Parties calculation of the Borrowing Base (including, without limitation, detail regarding the Loan Parties Inventory, Credit Card Receivables, and Accounts , (ii) no later than one (1) Business Day following receipt by any Loan Party of any CARES Act Tax Refund Proceeds, an updated Borrowing Base Certificate showing the reduction of the CARES Act Tax Refund Claim from the Borrowing Base (to the extent then included ), ii iii on or prior to the consummation of any transaction or series of related transactions (whether by transfer, investment or other Disposition) which results in a reduction in the Borrowing Base of 1,000,000 or more (other than sales of Inventory in the ordinary course of business), the Lead Borrower shall furnish an updated Borrowing Base Certificate reflecting the Borrowing Base after giving effect to such transaction demonstrating that no Default shall have occurred and be continuing under this Agreement, iii iv concurrently with the delivery of each Borrowing Base Certificate, additional information (which shall not adjust the Borrowing Base) regarding the Borrower s Eligible Inventory, inventory sales date and the Borrower s stock ledgers as Administrative Agent (including through the Agent Consultant) may request to the extent such information is reasonably available, iv v no later than the third Business Day (or, if agreed by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion, the fourth Business Day) of each week that is the first week of each calendar month (A) an Approved Budget Update and (B) an , provided that the initial Approved Budget Variance Report (v) during the Variance Testing Period, Update 
 113 
 11238955v22 11516251 

occurring after the Eighth Amendment Effective Date shall be delivered on August 4, 2023 (vi) no later than the third Business Day (or, if agreed by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion, the fourth Business Day) of each week, an Approved Budget Variance Report and vi vii on each Business Day, a report of the Revenue Share amount owing to FLC under the Merchandising Agreement in respect of credit card receivables with respect to such day. 
 (g) no more than ten one 10 1 Business Days Day after receipt thereof, copies of any detailed audit reports, final management letters or recommendations submitted to the board of directors (or the audit committee of the board of directors) of any Loan Party by its Registered Public Accounting Firm in connection with the accounts or books of the Loan Parties or any Subsidiary, or any audit of any of them, including, without limitation, specifying any Internal Control Event and, promptly, after request by the Administrative Agent therefor, updates on the status of any remediation of any such Internal Control Event 
 (h) promptly upon the filing thereof, copies of each annual report, proxy or financial statement or other report or communication sent to the stockholders of the Loan Parties, and copies of all annual, regular, periodic and special reports and registration statements which any Loan Party may file or be required to file with the SEC under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or with any national securities exchange, and in any case not otherwise required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant hereto 
 (i) upon the renewal of any insurance policy of the Loan Parties, evidence of insurance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, summarizing the insurance coverage (specifying type, amount and carrier) in effect for each Loan Party, and as soon as available, but in any event within 30 days after such renewal, a certificate of such insurance coverage 
 (j) promptly, and in any event within five one (1) Business Days Day after receipt thereof by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof, copies of each notice or other correspondence received from any Governmental Authority (including, without limitation, the SEC (or comparable agency in any applicable non-U.S. jurisdiction)) concerning any proceeding with, or investigation or possible investigation or other inquiry by such Governmental Authority regarding financial or other operational results of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof or any other matter which, if adversely determined, could reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect 
 (a) promptly, and in any event within one (1) Business Day after receipt thereof by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof, copies of each (i) notice of termination or cancellation of any (x) bookstore services contract or (y) publisher textbook supply contract (including the VitalSource Supply Contract) and (ii) demand for accelerated payments, credit support or other credit enhancements made by any publisher or other supplier of textbook inventory 
 (b) (g) promptly following any request therefor, provide information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation and 
 (c) (h) promptly, such additional information regarding the business affairs, financial condition or operations of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, or compliance with the terms of the Loan Documents, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may from time to time reasonably request. 
 114 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) , Section 6.01(b) , Section 6.01(c) or Section 6.02(d) (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Lead Borrower posts such documents, or provides a link thereto on the Lead Borrower s website on the Internet at the website address listed on Schedule 10.02 or (ii) on which such documents are posted on the Lead Borrower s behalf at www.sec.gov or otherwise on an Internet or intranet website, if any, in each case to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent) provided , that the Lead Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender (by telecopier or electronic mail) of the posting of any such documents and provide to the Administrative Agent by electronic mail electronic versions of such documents. The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery or to maintain copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Loan Parties with any such request for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for requesting delivery to it or maintaining its copies of such documents. 
 The Loan Parties hereby acknowledge that (a) the Administrative Agent and or the Arranger will make available to the Lenders and the LC Issuer materials and or information provided by or on behalf of the Loan Parties hereunder (collectively, Borrower Materials by posting the Borrower Materials on IntraLinks or another similar electronic system (the Platform and (b) certain of the Lenders (each, a Public Lender may have personnel who do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to the Loan Parties or their Affiliates or the respective securities or any of the foregoing, and who may be engaged in investment and other market-related activities with respect to such Persons securities. The Loan Parties hereby agree that (w) all Borrower Materials that are to be made available to the Public Lenders shall either have been identified as being previously or contemporaneously filed with the SEC or be clearly and conspicuously marked PUBLIC which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word PUBLIC shall appear prominently on the first page thereof (x) by identifying Borrower Materials as being filed with the SEC or marking Borrower Materials PUBLIC, the Loan Parties shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, the LC Issuer and the Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials as not containing any material non-public information (although it may be sensitive and proprietary) with respect to the Loan Parties or their securities for purposes of United States Federal and state securities laws provided , however , that to the extent such Borrower Materials constitute Information, they shall be treated as set forth in Section 10.07 (y) all Borrower Materials identified as being filed with the SEC or marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated Public Side Information and (z) the Administrative Agent and the Arranger shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that are not either identified as being filed with the SEC or marked PUBLIC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated Public Side Information. 
 Notices. Promptly (but in any event within two (2) Business Days), unless expressly indicated otherwise, notify (including notice by e-mail) the Administrative Agent 
 (d) of the occurrence of any Default or any Default under and as defined in the Subordinated Term Loan Agreement 
 (e) reserved to the extent not reflected in the applicable periods set forth in the Approved Budget, of the acceleration of any payment terms by any publisher textbook supplier (including payment terms under the VitalSource Supply Contract) 
 (f) of any matter that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, including (to the extent each of the following has resulted or could 
 115 
 11238955v22 11516251 

reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect) (i) breach or non-performance of, or any default with respect to Material Indebtedness of any Loan Party (ii) any material dispute, litigation, investigation, proceeding or suspension between any Loan Party and any Governmental Authority or (iii) the commencement of, or any material development in, any material litigation or proceeding affecting any Loan Party 
 (g) of the occurrence of any ERISA Event 
 (h) any Disposition of Collateral that could reasonably be expected to give rise to a mandatory prepayment under Section 2.05(e) or issuance of any Equity Interests to any Person (other than an Affiliate of such Person) 
 (i) any material change in accounting policies or financial reporting practices by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof 
 (j) of the Public Accountants determination (in connection with its preparation of its report under Section 6.01(a)) or the Lead Borrower s determination of the occurrence or existence of any Internal Control Event 
 (k) of the formation or acquisition of any Subsidiary required to become a Loan Party hereunder 
 (l) of any change in the name, corporate form or state of organization of any Loan Party or any change in the name or names under which any Loan Party s Business is transacted 
 (m) immediately upon receipt of notice thereof, of the filing of any Lien against any Loan Party for unpaid Taxes against any material portion of the Collateral 
 (n) of the occurrence of any default under any Licensed Merchandise Agreement by any party thereto or any exercise of remedies thereunder and 
 (o) of any casualty or other insured damage to any Collateral in excess of 250,000 or the commencement of any action or proceeding for the taking of any interest in Collateral in excess of 250,000 under power of eminent domain or by condemnation or similar proceeding or if any material portion of the Collateral is damaged or destroyed . and 
 (p) (i) the receipt by any Loan Party of written notice of any rejection by the IRS or any other Governmental Authority (including the Joint Committee on Taxation) of the CARES Act Tax Refund Claim or any request by the IRS or any other Governmental Authority (including the Joint Committee on Taxation) for the applicable Loan Parties to remit CARES Act Tax Refund Proceeds, (ii) any material revision to the Loan Parties calculation with respect to the CARES Act Tax Refund Claim, (iii) the filing any forms or any amended income tax return with the IRS with respect to the CARES Act Tax Refund Claim, or of any amendment or supplemental filing with respect thereto, (iv) the receipt by any Loan Party or any of its Affiliates of any portion of the CARES Act Tax Refund Proceeds, (v) the receipt by any Loan Party or any of its Affiliates of any written claim made by the IRS or any other Governmental Authority (including the Joint Committee on Taxation) with respect to setoff against any portion of the CARES Act Tax Refund Proceeds, (vi) any Loan Party s knowledge of any Change in Law that could reasonably be expected to materially affect the amount of the CARES Act Tax Refund Claim, (vii) any supplement or updates to any Tax Materials, (viii) any other material development in respect of the CARES Act Tax Refund Claim that has resulted or would reasonably be expected to result in a reduction in the anticipated aggregate amount of the CARES Act Tax Refund Claim or material adverse impairment of the ability of the Loan Parties, 
 116 
 11238955v22 11516251 

collectively, to collect the CARES Act Tax Refund Claim and (ix) any other documents, instruments, agreements or information that is available to the Loan Parties as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request with respect to the CARES Act Tax Refund Claim or the CARES Act Tax Refund Proceeds. 
 Each notice pursuant to this Section 6.03 shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what action the Lead Borrower has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto. Each notice pursuant to Section 6.03(a) shall describe with particularity any and all provisions of this Agreement and any other Loan Document that have been breached. 
 Payment of Obligations . Pay and discharge as the same shall become due and payable, all its obligations and liabilities, including (a) all tax liabilities, assessments and governmental charges or levies upon it or its properties or assets, and (b) all lawful claims (including, without limitation, claims of landlords, warehousemen, customs brokers, and carriers) which, if unpaid, would by law become a Lien upon its property (other than Permitted Encumbrances) except, in each case, where (i) the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (ii) such Loan Party has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP, (iii) such contest effectively suspends collection of the contested obligation and enforcement of any Lien securing such obligation, (iv) no Lien (other than Permitted Encumbrances) has been filed with respect thereto and (iv) the failure to make payment pending such contest could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit the rights of the Administrative Agent with respect to establishing Reserves pursuant to this Agreement. 
 Preservation of Existence, Etc. (a) Preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its legal existence and good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization or formation except in a transaction permitted by Section 7.04 or 7.05 (b) take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges, permits, licenses and franchises necessary or desirable in any material respect in the normal conduct of its business, except to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (c) take all reasonable action to maintain all existing registrations of its Intellectual Property, except to the extent the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or such Intellectual Property is no longer used or useful in the conduct of the business of the Loan Parties. 
 Maintenance of Properties. (a) Maintain (except for any maintenance required to be performed by the landlord, lessor or other property owner under any applicable Lease), preserve and protect all of its material properties and equipment necessary in the operation of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (b) make all necessary repairs thereto and renewals and replacements thereof (except for any repairs, renewals or replacements required to be made by the landlord, lessor or other property owner under any applicable Lease), except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Maintenance of Insurance . Maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies not Affiliates of the Loan Parties (other than any Permitted Self-Insurance Program), reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, insurance with respect to its properties and business against loss or damage of the kinds customarily insured against by Persons engaged in the same or similar business and operating in the same or similar locations or as is required by applicable Law, of such types and in such amounts (after giving effect to any self-insurance compatible with the following standards) as are customarily carried under similar circumstances by such other Persons and as are reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
 117 
 11238955v22 11516251 

(a) Fire and extended coverage policies maintained with respect to any Collateral shall be endorsed or otherwise amended to include (i) a non-contributing mortgage clause (regarding improvements to real property) and lenders loss payable clause (regarding personal property), in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, which endorsements or amendments shall provide that the insurer shall pay all proceeds otherwise payable to the Loan Parties under the policies directly to the Collateral Agent, (ii) a provision to the effect that none of the Loan Parties, Credit Parties or any other Person shall be a co-insurer and (iii) such other provisions as the Collateral Agent may reasonably require from time to time to protect the interests of the Credit Parties. Commercial general liability policies shall be endorsed to name the Collateral Agent as an additional insured. Business interruption policies shall name the Collateral Agent as a loss payee and shall be endorsed or amended to include (i) a provision that, from and after the Closing Date, the insurer shall pay all proceeds otherwise payable to the Loan Parties under the policies directly to the Collateral Agent , (ii) a provision to the effect that none of the Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any other party shall be a co-insurer and (iii) such other provisions as the Collateral Agent may reasonably require from time to time to protect the interests of the Credit Parties. Each such policy referred to in this Section 6.07(a) shall also provide that it shall not be canceled, modified or not renewed (i) by reason of nonpayment of premium except upon not less than ten (10) days prior written notice thereof by the insurer to the Collateral Agent (giving the Collateral Agent the right to cure defaults in the payment of premiums) or (ii) for any other reason except upon not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice thereof by the insurer to the Collateral Agent. The Lead Borrower shall deliver to the Collateral Agent, prior to the cancellation, modification or non-renewal of any such policy of insurance, a copy of a renewal or replacement policy (or other evidence of renewal of a policy previously delivered to the Collateral Agent, including an insurance binder) together with evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent of payment of the premium therefor. 
 (b) None of the Credit Parties, or their agents or employees shall be liable for any loss or damage insured by the insurance policies required to be maintained under this Section 6.07 . Each Loan Party shall look solely to its insurance companies or any other parties other than the Credit Parties for the recovery of such loss or damage and such insurance companies shall have no rights of subrogation against any Credit Party or its agents or employees. If, however, the insurance policies do not provide waiver of subrogation rights against such parties, as required above, then the Loan Parties hereby agree, to the extent permitted by law, to waive their right of recovery, if any, against the Credit Parties and their agents and employees. The designation of any form, type or amount of insurance coverage by any Credit Party under this Section 6.07 shall in no event be deemed a representation, warranty or advice by such Credit Party that such insurance is adequate for the purposes of the business of the Loan Parties or the protection of their properties. 
 (c) Maintain for themselves, a Directors and Officers insurance policy, and a Blanket Crime policy including employee dishonesty, forgery or alteration, theft, disappearance and destruction, robbery and safe burglary, property, and computer fraud coverage with responsible companies in such amounts as are customarily carried by business entities engaged in similar businesses similarly situated, and will upon request by the Administrative Agent furnish the Administrative Agent certificates evidencing renewal of each such policy. 
 (d) Intentionally omitted. 
 (e) Subject to the limitations on inspections contained elsewhere in this Agreement, permit any representatives that are designated by the Collateral Agent to inspect the insurance policies maintained by or on behalf of the Loan Parties and to inspect books and records related thereto and any properties covered thereby, all at the Loan Parties expense. 
 118 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Compliance with Laws . Comply in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its business or property, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and with respect to which adequate reserves have been set aside and maintained by the Loan Parties in accordance with GAAP (b) such contest effectively suspends enforcement of the contested Laws and (c) the failure to comply therewith could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Books and Records Accountants Corporate Separateness. 
 (f) (i) Maintain and cause each Subsidiary thereof to maintain, proper books of record and account, in which full, true and correct entries in conformity with GAAP consistently applied shall be made of all financial transactions and matters involving the assets and business of the Loan Parties or such Subsidiary, as the case may be and (ii) maintain such books of record and account in material conformity with all applicable requirements of any Governmental Authority having regulatory jurisdiction over the Loan Parties or such Subsidiary, as the case may be. From and after the Sixth Amendment Effective Date, take such action as may be reasonably necessary to implement and maintain inventory reporting systems for the purposes of delivering accurate Inventory detail pursuant to weekly Borrowing Base Certificates in accordance with the requirements of this Agreement (without giving effect to the proviso set forth in Section 6.02(b)(i) ), which inventory reporting system updates shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (g) At all times, retain a Registered Public Accounting Firm and permit such Registered Public Accounting Firm to discuss, with respect to each Loan Party and each Subsidiary thereof, such Person s financial performance, financial condition, operating results, controls, and such other matters, within the scope of the retention of such Registered Public Accounting Firm, as may be raised by the Administrative Agent, provided , that the Lead Borrower shall be given reasonable opportunity to be present and at participate in any such discussions between the Administrative Agent and the Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 (h) Ensure that, except as otherwise permitted by this Agreement, no material assets of any Immaterial Subsidiary which holds any material assets or has any material liabilities are commingled with any material assets of any Loan Party. 
 Inspection Rights Consultants. 
 (i) With respect to each Loan Party, permit and cause its Subsidiaries to permit, representatives and independent contractors of the Administrative Agent to visit and inspect any of its or any of its Subsidiaries properties, to examine its or any of its Subsidiaries corporate, financial and operating records, and make copies thereof or abstracts therefrom, and to discuss its or any of its Subsidiaries affairs, finances and accounts with its or its Subsidiaries directors, officers, and Registered Public Accounting Firm (at the Administrative Agent s reasonable discretion), all at the expense of the Loan Parties and at any time during normal business hours and without advance notice. 
 (j) After reasonable prior notice from the Administrative Agent, permit the Administrative Agent or professionals (including investment bankers, consultants, accountants, lawyers and appraisers) retained by the Administrative Agent to conduct appraisals, commercial finance examinations and other evaluations, including, without limitation, appraisals, examinations and evaluations of (i) the Lead Borrower s practices in the computation of the Borrowing Base, and (ii) the personal property included in the Borrowing Base and related financial information such as, but not limited to, sales, gross margins, payables, accruals and 
 119 
 11238955v22 11516251 

reserves. With respect to appraisals, examinations and evaluations under clauses (b)(i) and (ii) above the Loan Parties shall pay the reasonable and documented fees and out-of-pocket expenses of the Administrative Agent or such professionals for not more than two (2) appraisals of the Loan Parties Inventory and two (2) commercial finance examinations during such calendar year. In addition to the foregoing, the Loan Parties shall pay the reasonable and documented fees and out-of-pocket expenses of the Administrative Agent or such professionals for (y) all other commercial finance examinations and appraisals with respect to the Collateral undertaken at any time at the request of the Administrative Agent if required by applicable Law, and (z) all commercial finance examinations and appraisals reasonably deemed necessary by the Administrative Agent and undertaken at the request of the Administrative Agent after the occurrence and the continuation of an Event of Default. 
 (c) Borrower Consultant . At all times from and after the Sixth Amendment Effective Date, the Lead Borrower shall continue to retain KPMG LLP and or its Affiliates as a third-party consultant (collectively, the Borrower Consultant ), at the sole cost and expense of the Loan Parties. The Loan Parties hereby (i) authorize the Administrative Agent (or its agents or advisors including, without limitation, the Administrative Agent Consultant) to communicate directly with the Borrower Consultant regarding any and all matters related to the Loan Parties, including, without limitation, all financial reports and projections developed, reviewed or verified by the Borrower Consultant and all additional information, reports and statements requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, and (ii) hereby authorize and direct the Borrower Consultant to provide the Administrative Agent with copies of reports and other information or materials prepared or reviewed by the Borrower Consultant as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may request including without limitation the materials described in the immediately preceding clause (i). 
 (a) Reserved . 
 (b) Each Loan Party hereby consents to the Administrative Agent s retention of PKF Clear Thinking, LLC and or its Affiliates (collectively, the Administrative Agent Consultant ), to perform an independent business, financial and operational review of the Lead Borrower, the other Loan Parties, and their Subsidiaries, including an assessment of the Approved Budgets, and to conduct any additional analysis as reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent. The Loan Parties acknowledge that the Administrative Agent Consultant does not have any authority to bind the Administrative Agent or any other Credit Party or any counsel to any Credit Party to any agreement with any Loan Party, to make any representations or warranties on behalf of any Credit Party or any counsel to any Credit Party, or otherwise to act on behalf of any Credit Party or any counsel to any Credit Party and that the Administrative Agent Consultant may share with the Credit Parties and the Credit Parties counsel and other advisors any information obtained by the Administrative Agent Consultant during the course of the discharge of its engagement concerning Loan Parties, their financial condition, business, prospects, financial forecasts, or the Collateral. Each Loan Party agrees to provide the Administrative Agent Consultant with such information concerning such Loan Party, its financial condition, business prospects, forecasts, assets and liabilities as the Administrative Agent Consultant may request. The Loan Parties acknowledge that the Administrative Agent Consultant s fees and expenses constitute Credit Party Expenses. Each Loan Party acknowledges and agrees that neither any Credit Party nor any counsel to any Credit Party will have any liability for any wrongful acts of the Administrative Agent Consultant. Without limitation of any provisions of Section 6.19(a)-(b), the Loan Parties hereby acknowledge and agree that the Administrative Agent Consultant may communicate directly with Investment Bank regarding any matters pertaining to the Loan Parties business and financial condition, including, without limitation, any Specified Event and the any Specified Refinancing Liquidity Transaction, as applicable, and that the Investment Bank is authorized to provide Administrative Agent 
 120 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Consultant with copies of all reports, projections, presentations, and other materials relating to the foregoing. 
 Use of Proceeds. Use the proceeds of the Credit Extensions (a) to finance the acquisition of working capital assets of the Borrowers, including Permitted Acquisitions and the purchase of inventory and equipment, in each case in the ordinary course of business, (b) to finance Capital Expenditures of the Borrowers, and (c) for general corporate purposes of the Loan Parties, in each case to the extent permitted under applicable Law and the Loan Documents.Additional Loan Parties Additional Collateral Further Assurances . 
 (f) Each Loan Party shall cause each of its Domestic Subsidiaries (other than any FSHSCO , or Subsidiary of a CFC , or Immaterial Subsidiary (except as otherwise provided in paragraph (d) of this Section 6.12 formed or acquired after the date of this Agreement in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, to become a Borrower (an Additional Borrower Guarantor within fifteen (15) days thereafter by executing a Joinder Agreement and simultaneously therewith grant Liens to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Credit Parties in any property (subject to any limitations set forth in the Security Agreement) of such Additional Borrower Guarantor which would constitute Collateral if such Additional Borrower Guarantor were already a Borrower Loan Party party hereto, on such terms as may be required pursuant to the terms of the Security Documents provided , that no joinder of any Additional Borrower Guarantor shall become effective until such Additional Borrower Guarantor provides all documentation and other information that the Administrative Agent or any Lender reasonably requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act . No Collateral of any Additional Borrower shall be considered for inclusion in the Borrowing Base until completion of a field examination and appraisal with results reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent . Without limiting the foregoing, each Loan Party will, and will cause each Subsidiary that is a Loan Party to, execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered, to the Collateral Agent such documents, agreements and instruments, and will take or cause to be taken such further actions (including the filing and recording of financing statements and other documents and such other actions or deliveries of the type required by Section 4.01 , as applicable), which may be required by law or which the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may, from time to time, reasonably request to carry out the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and to ensure perfection and priority of the Liens created or intended to be created by the Security Documents, all at the expense of the Loan Parties, it being agreed that no Collateral Access Agreements shall be required to be furnished with respect to leased Real Estate used as retail stores provided however, that with respect to any warehouse or other storage or distribution facilities leased by any Acquired Company (excluding retail stores) in which, in the aggregate, more than 10,000,000 of Inventory is or may be located from time to time, the Borrowers shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain Collateral Access Agreements relating thereto within thirty (30) days following the First Amendment Effective Date (or such later date as approved by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), provided, further, that if Collateral Access Agreements with respect to such Inventory of the Acquired Company are not delivered within 30 days following the First Amendment Effective Date, such Inventory will be excluded from the Borrowing Base until such time as Collateral Access Agreements with respect thereto are provided. 
 (g) Subject to the limitations set forth or referred to in this Section 6.12 , if any material personal property of the type constituting Collateral hereunder or under the Security Documents is acquired by any Loan Party after the Effective Date (other than assets constituting Collateral under the Security Documents that become subject to the 
 121 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Lien in favor of the Agent upon acquisition thereof), the Lead Borrower will notify the Administrative Agent thereof, and, if requested by the Administrative Agent, the Lead Borrower will cause such assets to be subjected to a Lien securing the Secured Obligations and will take, and cause the other Loan Parties, such actions as shall be necessary or reasonably requested by Administrative Agent to grant and perfect such Liens, including actions described in paragraph (b) of this Section, all at the expense of the Loan Parties provided , that the cost of perfecting such Lien is not unreasonable in relation to the benefits to the Lenders of the security afforded thereby in the Administrative Agent s reasonable business judgment after consultation with the Lead Borrower). 
 (h) If, at any time and from time to time after the Effective Date, Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties because they are Immaterial Subsidiaries comprise in the aggregate more than 5.0 of Consolidated total assets of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the end of the most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Lead Borrower or more than 5.0 of Consolidated gross revenue of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters as of the end of the most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Lead Borrower, then the Lead Borrower shall, not later than 45 days after the date by which financial statements for such quarter are required to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement (or such longer period not to exceed 60 days after such date as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion), cause one or more of such Subsidiaries that are Domestic Subsidiaries to become Borrowers (notwithstanding that such Domestic Subsidiaries are, individually, Immaterial Subsidiaries) such that the foregoing condition ceases to be true. 
 (i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Loan Parties shall not be required to include as Collateral any Excluded Assets unless the holders of any Permitted Senior Debt request a second priority Lien upon the existing Collateral, in which case the Loan Parties shall grant to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Credit Parties, a second priority Lien in and to the Excluded Assets pursuant to an intercreditor agreement and or Security Documents acceptable to the Agents and the Required Lenders. 
 (j) In no event shall compliance with this Section 6.12 waive or be deemed a waiver or Consent to any transaction giving rise to the need to comply with this Section 6.12 if such transaction was not otherwise expressly permitted by this Agreement or constitute or be deemed to constitute, with respect to any Subsidiary, an approval of such Person as a Borrower or permit the inclusion of any acquired assets in the computation of either of the Borrowing Base. 
 1.13 Cash Management. 
 (a) Deliver to the Administrative Agent 
 (i) on or prior to the Closing Date, copies of notifications (each, a DDA Notification substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit J which have been executed on behalf of such Loan Party with respect to each depository institution listed on Schedule 5.21(a) 
 (ii) on or prior to the Closing Date, copies of notifications (each, a Credit Card Notification substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit K which have been executed on behalf of such Loan Party with respect to such Loan Party s credit card clearinghouses and processors listed on Schedule 5.21(b) 
 122 
 11238955v22 11516251 

(iii) on or prior to the Closing Date, a fully executed Blocked Account Agreement with respect to the Concentration Account designated on Schedule 5.21(a) and 
 (iv) on or prior to the Closing Date, fully executed Blocked Account Agreements or Securities Account Control Agreements satisfactory in form and substance to the Agents with each Blocked Account Bank designated on Schedule 5.21(a) and applicable securities intermediary designated on Schedule 5.21(a) (collectively, and together with any DDAs or Securities Accounts subject to a Blocked Account Agreement or Securities Account Control Agreement pursuant to Section 3.2(b) of the Security Agreement, the Blocked Accounts 
 provided , however , that from and after March 31, 2023 (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree in its discretion), the Loan Parties shall implement a cash management system satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (including, without limitation, establishing and or closing such DDAs, implementing lock box arrangements, zero balance account arrangements, and other cash collection mechanics, in each case as the Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent may mutually agree, and obtaining Blocked Account Agreements with respect to certain of the Loan Parties DDAs as the Administrative Agent may require). 
 Each DDA Notification and Credit Card Notification shall be held by the Administrative Agent until the occurrence of a Cash Dominion Trigger Event. After the occurrence and during the continuance of a Cash Dominion Trigger Event, the Administrative Agent may (and, at the request of the Required Lenders, shall) deliver each such DDA Notification and Credit Card Notification to the applicable depository institution and credit card processor. 
 (b) The Loan Parties shall transfer by ACH or wire transfer no less frequently than daily (and whether or not there are then any outstanding Secured Obligations) to a Blocked Account all amounts on deposit in each such DDA provided , that such covenant shall not apply to (i) minimum balances as may be required to be kept in the subject DDA by the depository institution at which such DDA is maintained, (ii) if greater, any amounts maintained by the Loan Parties in such DDAs (and other DDAs, with the consent of the Collateral Agent, not to be unreasonably withheld) in the ordinary course of business consistent with the past practice, or (iii) any amounts held in Excluded Accounts) and all payments due from credit card processors. 
 (c) Except with respect to amounts constituting Excluded Cash or as may otherwise be agreed to by the Administrative Agent in writing, during any Cash Dominion Trigger Period each Loan Party covenants that it shall cause, and each Blocked Account Agreement and Securities Account Control Agreement shall require the transfer by ACH or wire transfer no less frequently than daily (and whether or not there are then any outstanding Secured Obligations) to one of the concentration accounts designated by the Administrative Agent (collectively, the Concentration Accounts ), of all cash receipts and collections, including, without limitation, the following 
 (i) all available cash receipts from the sale of Inventory and other Collateral 
 (ii) all proceeds of collections of Accounts 
 (iii) all Net Proceeds, and all other cash payments received by a Loan Party from any Person or from any source or on account of any sale or other transaction or event, including, without limitation, any Prepayment Event 
 (iv) all CARES Act Tax Refund Proceeds 
 123 
 11238955v22 11516251 

(v) (iv) the proceeds of all credit card charges 
 (vi) (v) the then contents of each DDA (net of any minimum balance, not to exceed the Maximum DDA Balance, as may be required to be kept in the subject DDA by the depository institution at which such DDA is maintained) 
 provided , however , with respect to (i) the Loan Parties Store collections accounts (i.e., accounts maintained for in-store cash collections by individual Stores) (each such account, a Specified Store Collection Account ), the Loan parties shall transfer by ACH or wire transfer no less frequently than once every two (2) weeks (or more frequently as shall be required to ensure that amounts on deposit therein do not at any time exceed 500,000 in the aggregate among all such Specified Store Collection Accounts) all cash on deposit in such Specified Store Collection Accounts to a Concentration Account and (ii) any DDAs used exclusively in connection with collections for Student Brands, LLC (each such account, a Specified DSS Collection Account ), the Loan parties shall transfer by ACH or wire transfer no less frequently than once every two (2) weeks (or more frequently as shall be required to ensure that amounts on deposit therein do not at any time exceed 500,000 in the aggregate among all such Specified DSS Collection Accounts) all cash on deposit in such Specified DSS Collection Accounts to a Concentration Account. . 
 (d) reserved . 
 (e) From and after the Sixth Amendment Effective Date the Borrowers covenant and agree that the Loan Parties will establish one or more special operating accounts Buy-Back Trigger Period Accounts that can only be funded with Borrowings of Committed Loans in accordance with clause (g) of this Section 6.13 . 
 (f) reserved . 
 (g) During any Buy-Back Trigger Period, Borrowings of Committed Loans may be deposited in Buy-Back Trigger Period Accounts and the amounts on deposit in such Buy-Back Trigger Period Accounts may only be applied to fund Permitted Buy-Back Programs or, upon the expiration of the applicable Permitted Buy-Back Programs or the occurrence of an Event of Default, to the prepayment of the Obligations then outstanding under and in accordance with this Agreement provided , that, except as otherwise provided in Section 8.03 , upon payment in full of such outstanding Obligations, any remaining amounts will be released and transferred to a deposit account of the Loan Parties as the Lead Borrower shall direct. 
 (h) The Concentration Account shall at all times be under the sole dominion and control of the Collateral Agent. The Loan Parties hereby acknowledge and agree that (i) the Loan Parties have no right of withdrawal from the Concentration Account, (ii) the funds on deposit in the Concentration Account shall at all times be collateral security for all of the Secured Obligations and (iii) the funds on deposit in the Concentration Account shall be applied in accordance with Sections 2.05(d) and 2.05(f) and as otherwise provided in this Agreement. In the event that, if notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 6.13 , any Loan Party receives or otherwise has dominion and control of any such proceeds or collections (other than as expressly permitted by this Section 6.13 ), such proceeds and collections shall be held in trust by such Loan Party for the Administrative Agent, shall not be commingled with any of such Loan Party s other funds or deposited in any account of such Loan Party and shall, not later than the Business Day after receipt thereof, be deposited into the Concentration Account or dealt with in such other fashion as such Loan Party may be instructed by the Administrative Agent. Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the amounts deposited into the Concentration Account shall be applied to the prepayment of the Obligations then outstanding provided , that except as otherwise provided in Section 8.03 , upon payment in full of such outstanding Obligations, any remaining amounts will be released and transferred to a deposit account of the Loan Parties as the Lead 
 124 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Borrower shall direct and the existence of a Cash Dominion Trigger Event described in clause (b) of the definition thereof shall not, in and of itself, impair the right of the Borrowers to Committed Loans in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 (i) Upon the request of the Administrative Agent, the Loan Parties shall cause bank statements and or other reports to be delivered to the Administrative Agent not less often than monthly, accurately setting forth all amounts deposited in each Blocked Account to ensure the proper transfer of funds as set forth above. 
 Information Regarding the Collateral. Furnish to the Administrative Agent (a) at least seven (7) days prior written notice (unless such period is waived or shortened as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) of any change in (i) any Loan Party s name or in any trade name used to identify it in the conduct of its business or in the ownership of its properties (ii) any Loan Party s organizational structure or jurisdiction of incorporation or formation or (iii) any Loan Party s Federal Taxpayer Identification Number or organizational identification number assigned to it by its state of organization and (b) no later than five (5) days after any such change (unless such period is waived or extended as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) of any change in the location of any Loan Party s chief executive office, its principal place of business, and any office in which it maintains a material portion of its books or records relating to Collateral owned by it. 
 Physical Inventories. 
 (a) Prior to an Event of Default, cause one (1) physical inventory to be undertaken in each twelve month period at the Loan Parties Stores, at the expense of the Loan Parties, and periodic cycle counts at the Loan Parties distribution centers, in each case consistent with past practices, conducted by such inventory takers as are satisfactory to the Collateral Agent in its Permitted Discretion and following such methodology as is consistent with the methodology used in the immediately preceding inventory or as otherwise may be satisfactory to the Collateral Agent. The Collateral Agent, at the expense of the Loan Parties, may participate in and or observe each scheduled physical count of Inventory which is undertaken on behalf of any Loan Party at any Material Storage Location and up to eight (8) Stores reasonably selected by the Collateral Agent. The Lead Borrower, within forty-five (45) days (or such longer period as may be agreed to by the Collateral Agent in its reasonable discretion) following the fiscal month in which completion of such inventory occurs, shall provide the Collateral Agent with a reconciliation of the results of such inventory (as well as of any other physical inventory or cycle counts undertaken by a Loan Party) and shall post such results to the Loan Parties stock ledgers and general ledgers, as applicable. 
 (b) The Collateral Agent, in its reasonable discretion, if any Default exists, may cause additional such inventories to be taken as the Collateral Agent reasonably determines (each, at the expense of the Loan Parties) on behalf of the Lenders. 
 Licensed Merchandise Account . The Borrowers shall cause an amount equal to the estimated Revenue Share amount owing to FLC under the Merchandising Agreement for the preceding day to be deposited into the Licensed Merchandise Account daily. 
 Compliance with ERISA. Cause, and cause each of its ERISA Affiliates to (a) maintain each Pension Plan in compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other federal or state law (b) cause each Pension Plan which is qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code to maintain such qualification and (c) make all required contributions to any Pension Plan subject to Section 412 of the Code. 
 125 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Anti-Corruption Laws Sanctions. Conduct its businesses in all material respects in compliance with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010, and other applicable anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions and with all applicable Sanctions, and maintain policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws and Sanctions. 
 Specified Event Refinancing Specified Liquidity Transaction . 
 (b) Specified Event . 
 (i) At all times after the Sixth Amendment Effective Date, the Loan Parties shall engage and retain Investment Bank, on terms approved by the Administrative Agent, to, among other things, assist with a Specified Event. 
 (ii) The Lead Borrower shall diligently pursue a Specified Event pursuant to a process reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, which shall include milestones reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (satisfaction of which is not required by the terms of this Agreement and the failure of the Borrowers to satisfy such milestones shall not constitute a Default or an Event of Default (for the avoidance of doubt except with respect to Section 6.19(a)(iii) below)). 
 (iii) No later than May 31, 2023 at 5 00 p.m. (Eastern time), or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree in its sole discretion (unless the Required Lenders otherwise direct the Administrative Agent in writing), the Lead Borrower shall have consummated any Specified Event. 
 (iv) The proceeds of each Specified Event shall be deposited into the Concentration Account and applied to the payment of the Obligations then outstanding in accordance with Section 2.05( d e)(ii of this Agreement. 
 (c) Refinancing Reserved . 
 (a) Specified Liquidity Transaction. 
 (i) At Except to the extent otherwise agreed to by the Administrative Agent, at all times after the Sixth Eighth Amendment Effective Date, the Lead Borrower shall continue to engage and retain Investment Bank, and cause Investment Bank to, among other things, begin pursuing commitments from third party financial institutions or other lenders for one or more credit facilities or other financing transactions, pursue a liquidity event, which may include a sale of Equity Interests or a Disposition of assets related to one or more of the Loan Parties business units and any associated Intellectual Property used exclusively therewith, in each case, that is made for all cash consideration and the net proceeds of which would be sufficient to cause all Secured Obligations to be Fully Satisfied (collectively, a Specified Refinancing Liquidity Transaction ), and the Lead Borrower shall provide Administrative Agent with evidence of its compliance with this Section 6.19( b)(i) (including, without limitation, by providing Administrative Agent with a copy of an executed engagement letter between the Lead Borrower and the Investment Bank), it being understood that such evidence shall be subject to any applicable confidentiality provisions set forth in this Agreement. c)(i). 
 (ii) In connection with pursuing a Specified Refinancing Liquidity Transaction, (A) by no later than May 15, 2023 or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree in its sole discretion (unless the Required Lenders otherwise direct the Administrative Agent in writing ), the Lead Borrower shall cause Investment Bank to contact prospective 
 126 
 11238955v22 11516251 

lenders as may be necessary in Investment Bank s professional judgment to lead to a successful closing of a Specified Refinancing Transaction , and the Lead Borrower shall provide Administrative Agent with evidence of its compliance with this Section 6.19(b)(ii) and (B) the Lead Borrower shall (and shall cause Investment Bank to) comply with such other milestones as may be necessary in Investment Bank s professional judgment (which milestones shall be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) to lead to a successful closing of a Specified Refinancing and its Subsidiaries shall cooperate in good faith with the requests of interested parties, including diligence requests, in each case to maximize the efficacy of and to consummate a Specified Liquidity Transaction. 
 (i) (c) The At the request of the Administrative Agent, the Loan Parties shall , and shall cause the Investment Bank to , provide the Administrative Agent with a listing of all parties contacted by the Loan Parties and the Investment Bank regarding any Specified Event Liquidity Transaction and copies of all Specified Event-related Liquidity Transaction-related materials (all of which the Administrative Agent may distribute to the Lenders (subject to any applicable confidentiality provisions set forth in this Agreement)). The Except to the extent otherwise agreed to by the Administrative Agent, the Loan Parties shall , and shall cause the Investment Bank to , (A) provide weekly updates regarding any Specified Event Liquidity Transaction to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (which shall be led by the Investment Bank and shall include providing a written summary update (which shall be subject to any applicable confidentiality provisions set forth in this Agreement) of the current involvement of all parties contacted by the Loan Parties and the Investment Bank regarding any Specified Event Liquidity Transaction and a written summary (which shall be subject to any applicable confidentiality provisions set forth in this Agreement) of the material terms of all actionable letters of intent, indications of interest, and purchase agreements received to date (together with copies of same)) and (B) be available to discuss any Specified Event Liquidity Transaction with the Administrative Agent and the Lenders upon request made upon reasonable advance notice. The Lead Borrower shall promptly (and in any event within two (2) Business Days) respond to all other material or information requests regarding any Specified Event Liquidity Transaction reasonably made by the Administrative Agent or the Lenders to the Lead Borrower. 
 (b) Teleconferences . At the Administrative Agent s request, not less than monthly, the Loan Parties shall be available to conduct a telephonic meeting with the CRO and the Loan Parties other advisors in which the respective representatives of the Lead Borrower, each other Loan Party, the Administrative Agent, and their respective advisors and counsel shall be entitled to participate, whereupon the Lead Borrower shall present, among other things, an update on the Loan Parties cash flow, changes in management and or organizational structure, business operations, and financial performance and updates regarding the Contingency Transition Plan and their efforts to obtain a Specified Refinancing Liquidity Transaction, including prospective lenders parties contacted, diligence information provided, proposals or commitments received and the status of negotiation and documentation of such replacement financing transaction , and the Lead Borrower shall promptly provide copies of any such proposals, commitments or other documents to the Administrative Agent . 
 Financial Consultant CRO . 
 (c) The Loan Parties agree that, at all times from and after (x) in the event the Specified Event shall not have occurred on or prior to May 31 , 2023 (or such later date agreed to in writing by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), June 1, 2023 and (y) otherwise, June 12, 2023 (or such later date agreed to in writing by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) , the Eighth Amendment Effective Date, the Loan Parties shall, at their sole cost 
 127 
 11238955v22 11516251 

and expense and after consulting with the Administrative Agent, retain a third party financial consultant (a Financial Consultant to provide financial and business assistance to the Loan Parties during such period, which Financial Consultant shall be Steve L. Coulombe (or such other Person acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion and shall have a scope of engagement of that is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. If the Loan Parties cooperate with the Financial Consultant (including, without limitation, in connection with the preparation and or review of Borrowing Base Certificates, Approved Budgets and Approved Budget Variance Reports) in a manner consistent with the role of the Borrower Consultant as required by Section 6.10(c) of the Credit Agreement, such retention of a Financial Consultant may be made in lieu of compliance with Section 6.10(c) (subject to such Financial Consultant acting in the same capacity (and with the same obligations) as the Borrower Consultant). as chief restructuring officer of the Loan Parties (the CRO ), with such duties and responsibilities as are customary for a Person acting in the capacity of a chief restructuring officer. The CRO shall (at all times) diligently provide each of the Services (as defined in the CRO Engagement Letter). 
 (d) The terms and scope of the engagement of the Financial Consultant shall be acceptable to the Administrative Agent and, without limiting the foregoing, the engagement shall (i) permit the Financial Consultant to report directly to the board of managers or directors, as applicable, of each Loan Party, (ii) grant the Administrative Agent and the Lenders complete and unfettered access to the Financial Consultant and authorize the Financial Consultant to communicate directly with the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and to furnish the Administrative Agent and the Lenders with such information as the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may request (together with copies of all written materials provided to the board of managers or directors of each Loan Party by such Financial Consultant), and (iii) require that the Financial Consultant review and submit on behalf of the Loan Parties all financial information and other reports required to be delivered by the Loan Parties to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. CRO shall be set forth in the engagement letter CRO Engagement Letter with respect thereto , and the Lead Borrower shall not amend or modify the terms and scope of the engagement in any manner adverse to the Lenders without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent. 
 (e) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Loan Party (i) hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent (or its agents or advisors) to communicate directly with the Financial Consultant CRO regarding any and all matters related to the Loan Parties, including, without limitation, all financial reports and projections developed, reviewed or verified by the Financial Consultant CRO and all additional information, reports and statements requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, and (ii) hereby authorizes and directs the Financial Consultant CRO to provide the Administrative Agent with copies of reports and other information or materials required to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement and prepared or reviewed by the Financial Consultant CRO as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may request provided, that none of the Loan Parties or Financial Consultant the CRO will be required to disclose any document, information or other matter (x) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or their respective agent or representatives) is prohibited by Law or any binding agreement entered into with third parties that are not Affiliates of the Borrowers (and only so long as such confidentiality obligations were not incurred to avoid disclosure pursuant to this section) or (y) that is, upon the reasonable advice of the Borrowers counsel, subject to attorney-client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product. 
 1.14 Independent Board Members and Alternative Transactions Committee . 
 128 
 11238955v22 11516251 

(a) On or prior to August 11 , 2023 (or such later date agreed to by the Administrative Agent in writing in its sole discretion), the Lead Borrower (at its sole cost an expense) shall 
 (i) appoint and maintain (at all times) two independent members to the board of directors (or other equivalent management board) of the Lead Borrower from prospective candidates disclosed in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders prior to the Eighth Amendment Effective Date (or such other Persons reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (collectively, the Independent Board Members ), having the duties, rights and obligations as set forth in the form of resolutions of the board of directors of the Lead Borrower previously provided to the Administrative Agent on or immediately prior to the Eighth Amendment Effective Date (the Transaction Committee Resolutions and, without limiting the foregoing, shall permit the Independent Board Members to attend and participate in all meetings of the board of directors (or other equivalent management board) of the Lead Borrower 
 (ii) appoint and maintain (at all times) a committee (the Alternative Transactions Committee of the board of directors (or other equivalent management board) of the Lead Borrower which shall consist of three (3) board members, two of whom shall be the Independent Board Members, and such Alternative Transactions Committee shall have the powers set forth in the Transaction Committee Resolutions. 
 (b) The Alternative Transactions Committee shall (at all times) (i) pursue and evaluate on or more Specified Liquidity Transactions, (ii) with the assistance of the CRO, develop, analyze and implement a contingency a Contingency Transition Plan and (iii) upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, consummate a Specified Liquidity Transaction and Contingency Transition Plan, in each case as described in the Transaction Committee Resolutions. 
 (c) The Lead Borrower shall not amend, modify, rescind or revoke, or permit any amendment, modification, rescindment or revocation of, the Transaction Committee Resolutions in a manner adverse to the Lenders without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent. 
 1.15 CARES Act Tax Refund Claim. The Loan Parties shall (i) timely file all claims or amended returns making claims for the maximum amount of CARES Act Tax Refund Claim available under applicable Law to the Loan Parties (and any Subsidiary filing as a part of a consolidated, combined or unitary Tax group) as reasonably determined by the Lead Borrower and (ii) take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in respect of the CARES Act Tax Refund Claim. 
 NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 So long as any Obligation (other than contingent indemnification obligations for which no claim has been asserted) hereunder shall not be Fully Satisfied, no Loan Party shall 
 Liens . Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property, assets or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired or sign or file or suffer to exist under the UCC or any similar Law or statute of any jurisdiction a financing statement that names any Loan Party as debtor or sign or suffer to exist any security agreement authorizing any Person thereunder to file such financing statement, other than the following (each of the following, a Permitted Encumbrance 
 129 
 11238955v22 11516251 

(a) Liens pursuant to any Loan Document 
 (b) Liens existing on the date hereof and listed on Schedule 7.01 and any renewals or extensions thereof, provided , that (i) the property covered thereby is not changed, (ii) the amount secured or benefited thereby is not increased, (iii) the direct or any contingent obligor with respect thereto is not changed, and (iv) any renewal or extension of the obligations secured or benefited thereby is otherwise permitted by Section 7.03(b) 
 (c) Liens imposed by law for Taxes that are not yet due or are being contested in compliance with Section 6.04 
 (d) carriers , warehousemen s, mechanics , materialmen s, repairmen s and other like Liens imposed by applicable Law, arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations that are not overdue by more than thirty (30) days or are being contested in compliance with Section 6.04 
 (e) pledges and deposits made in the ordinary course of business in compliance with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security laws or regulations, other than any Lien imposed by ERISA 
 (f) Landlords and lessors Liens in respect of obligations not in default 
 (g) deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts and leases (other than Indebtedness), statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business 
 (h) Liens relating to Real Estate consisting of easements, covenants, conditions, restrictions, building code laws, zoning restrictions, rights-of-way and similar encumbrances on real property and interests of tenants, subtenants, licensees and other occupants, only as tenants, subtenants, licensees or other occupants, as applicable, under any lease, sublease, license agreement, or other occupancy agreement, in each case, imposed by law or arising in the ordinary course of business that do not secure any Indebtedness and do not materially detract from the value of the affected property or materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of business of a Loan Party and such other minor title defects or survey matters that are disclosed by current surveys that, in each case, do not materially interfere with the current use of the real property 
 (i) Liens in respect of judgments for the payment of money that would not constitute an Event of Default under Section 8.01(h) 
 (j) Liens on fixed or capital assets acquired by any Loan Party which are permitted under Section 7.03(e) so long as (i) such Liens and the Indebtedness secured thereby are incurred prior to or within one hundred twenty (120) days after such acquisition, (ii) the Indebtedness secured thereby does not exceed the cost or fair market value, whichever is lower, of the property being acquired on the date of acquisition and (iii) such Liens shall not extend to any other property or assets of the Loan Parties 
 (k) possessory Liens in favor of brokers and dealers arising in connection with the acquisition or disposition of Investments owned as of the date hereof and Permitted Investments, provided , that such liens (a) attach only to such Investments and (b) secure only obligations incurred in the ordinary course and arising in connection with the acquisition or disposition of such Investments and not any obligation in connection with margin financing 
 130 
 11238955v22 11516251 

(l) subject in all respects to the terms and conditions of the Merchandising Agreement Side Letter, Liens in favor of FLC on the Licensed Merchandise and proceeds thereof in accordance with the Merchandising Agreement and, subject to the terms and conditions of the Merchandising Agreement Side Letter (including the requirement of release of liens on proceeds of Licensed Merchandise in accordance therewith), a first priority Lien in favor of FLC with respect to the Licensed Merchandise Account pursuant to a deposit account control agreement in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion 
 (m) banker s liens, liens in favor of securities intermediaries, rights of setoff or similar rights and remedies as to deposit accounts or securities accounts or other funds maintained with depository institutions or securities intermediaries 
 (n) Liens arising from precautionary UCC filings 
 (o) Liens on property (other than property of the type included in the Borrowing Base) in existence at the time such property is acquired pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition or on such property of a Loan Party in existence at the time such Loan Party is acquired pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition provided , that (x) such Liens are not incurred in connection with or in anticipation of such Permitted Acquisition and do not attach to any other assets of any Loan Party and (y) the Borrowers shall use commercially reasonable efforts to remove any such Liens described in this clause (o) which are involuntary 
 (p) from and after the expiration of the Bridge Loan Period, Liens securing Indebtedness under the Permitted Senior Debt, provided , that (i) the holders of such Indebtedness shall only be granted first priority Liens upon the Excluded Assets and (ii) if the holders of such Indebtedness are granted a Lien upon all or any portion of the Collateral, (A) such Lien shall be subject and subordinate to the Liens upon the Collateral under the Loan Documents and (B) the Loan Parties shall grant to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Credit Parties, a security interest (which may be subordinate to the Lien in favor of the holders of the Permitted Senior Debt) in and to all property and assets (including without limitation Excluded Assets) on which the holders of the Permitted Senior Debt are granted a first priority Lien pursuant to an amendment to the Security Agreement and or such other security instruments in form and substance acceptable to the Required Lenders 
 (q) Liens in favor of customs and revenues authorities imposed by applicable Law arising in the ordinary course of business in connection with the importation of goods and securing obligations (i) that are not overdue by more than thirty (30) days, or (ii)(A) that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (B) the applicable Loan Party has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP and (C) such contest effectively suspends collection of the contested obligation and enforcement of any Lien securing such obligation 
 (r) Liens in connection with any sale-leasebacks permitted by clause (h) of Section 7.05 provided , that no such Lien shall extend to cover any property or asset of such Loan Party other than the lease entered into in connection with any such sale-leaseback 
 (s) Liens consisting of cash deposits in an amount not to exceed 10,000,000 securing the obligations of the Borrowers under Bank Products permitted under Section 7.03(d) 
 (t) in connection with the sale or transfer of all of the Equity Interests of a Subsidiary in a transaction permitted by Section 7.05 , customary rights and restrictions contained in agreements relating to such sale or transfer pending the completion thereof 
 131 
 11238955v22 11516251 

(u) in the case of a Subsidiary that is not a wholly-owned Subsidiary, any put and call arrangements related to its Equity Interests set forth in its Organizational Documents or any related joint venture or similar agreement and 
 (v) (i) during the Bridge Loan Period for so long as the Intercreditor Agreement remains in full force and effect with respect thereto, second priority Liens on the Collateral securing the Subordinated Term Loan Obligations (or, if applicable, any replacement thereof pursuant to a Qualifying Refinancing Transaction) in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 30,000,000 (plus paid-in-kind interest thereon) and (ii) from and after the expiration of the Bridge Loan Period, Liens on Excluded Assets or second priority Liens on the Collateral securing other Permitted Indebtedness under Section 7.03(k) that does not exceed 75,000,000 in the aggregate in addition to those Liens permitted by Section 7.01(a) through (u), provided , that (x) in the case of Liens on Excluded Assets, if requested by the Administrative Agent, the holder of such Lien first enters into an intercreditor agreement reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent providing for or protecting the right of the Agents to dispose of, or otherwise enforce Liens upon, the Collateral and (y) in the case of Liens on the Collateral, the holder of such Lien first enters into an intercreditor agreement reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent providing for the subordination of subordinated debt payments (other than permitted subordinated debt payments as may be agreed) to payment in full of the Secured Obligations and subordination of such Liens to the Administrative Agent s Lien. 
 Investments . Make any Investments, except for the following (each a Permitted Investment 
 (w) Investments existing on the Closing Date and set forth on Schedule 7.02 or any continuation or roll-over of any such Investment, so long as the amount thereof is not increased 
 (x) reserved 
 (y) advances to officers, directors and employees of the Lead Borrower and the other Loan Parties in an aggregate amount not to exceed 50,000 at any time outstanding, for travel, entertainment, relocation and analogous ordinary business purposes. 
 (z) (i) Investments by any Loan Party in their respective Subsidiaries outstanding on the date hereof, and (ii) additional Investments by any Loan Party in Loan Parties 
 (aa) Investments consisting of extensions of credit in the nature of accounts receivable or notes receivable arising from the grant of trade credit in the ordinary course of business, and Investments received in satisfaction or partial satisfaction thereof from financially troubled account debtors to the extent reasonably necessary in order to prevent or limit loss 
 (bb) Guarantees constituting Permitted Indebtedness 
 (cc) so long as no FILO Loan is outstanding immediately prior to or after giving effect thereto, Investments constituting Permitted Acquisitions reserved 
 (dd) Investments in Permitted Self-Insurance Programs not to exceed 25,000,000 in the aggregate 
 (ee) Investments received in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of, or settlement of delinquent accounts and disputes with, customers and suppliers, in each case in the ordinary course of business 
 132 
 11238955v22 11516251 

(ff) Investments by any Loan Party in Swap Contracts permitted hereunder 
 (gg) without duplication of Investments permitted pursuant to clauses (a) through (j) above and (l) below, other Investments, provided , that (i) during the Bridge Loan Period, (A) no such Investment shall be permitted to be made if a Default has occurred and is continuing and (B) the aggregate amount invested during the Bridge Loan Period shall not exceed 0 and (ii) after the expiration of the Bridge Loan Period, such Investments shall be permitted so long as (A) no Default shall have occurred or shall arise as a result of such Investment, (B) Projected Excess Availability and Pro Forma Excess Availability as of the date of consummation of such Investment will be equal to or greater than twelve and one half percent (12.5 of the Aggregate Loan Cap, (C) the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, on a pro forma basis for the Measurement Period immediately prior to such Investment, will be equal to or greater than 1.0 to 1.0, and (D) the Lead Borrower shall have delivered written certification as to satisfaction, and a reasonably detailed calculation, of items (A) (D) above five (5) Business Days prior to the date of such Investment and 
 (hh) Solely to the extent made prior to the Sixth Amendment Effective Date, Investments in Immaterial Subsidiaries (in addition to any Investments permitted pursuant to clause (h) above prior to the Sixth Amendment Effective Date) in an aggregate amount invested at any time during the term of this Agreement not to exceed 60,000,000. 
 Indebtedness Disqualified Stock. Issue Disqualified Stock or create, incur, assume, guarantee, suffer to exist, issue or otherwise become or remain liable with respect to, any Indebtedness, except the following Permitted Indebtedness 
 (ii) the Secured Obligations 
 (jj) Indebtedness outstanding on the date hereof and listed on Schedule 7.03 and any Permitted Refinancings thereof 
 (kk) Indebtedness of any Loan Party to any other Loan Party and guaranties by any Loan Party of any Indebtedness of any other Loan Party otherwise permitted hereunder 
 (ll) obligations (contingent or otherwise) of any Loan Party existing or arising under any Swap Contract, provided , that (i) such obligations are (or were) entered into by such Person in the ordinary course of business for the purpose of directly mitigating risks associated with liabilities, commitments, investments, assets, or property held or reasonably anticipated by such Person, or changes in the value of securities issued by such Person, and not for purposes of speculation or taking a market view and (ii) such Swap Contract does not contain any provision exonerating the non-defaulting party from its obligation to make payments on outstanding transactions to the defaulting party provided , that the aggregate notional amount of all such Swap Contracts shall not exceed 125,000,000 at any time outstanding 
 (mm) without duplication of Indebtedness described in clause (g) of this definition, purchase money Indebtedness of any Loan Party to finance the acquisition of any fixed or capital assets, including Capital Lease Obligations, and any Indebtedness assumed in connection with the acquisition of any such assets or secured by a Lien on any such assets prior to the acquisition thereof, and any Permitted Refinancing thereof, provided , however , that the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness permitted by this clause (e) shall not exceed 60,000,000 at any time outstanding and provided , further , that, if requested by the Collateral Agent with respect to any Material Storage Location, the Loan Parties shall cause the holders of such Indebtedness to enter into a Collateral Access Agreement on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent 
 133 
 11238955v22 11516251 

(nn) contingent liabilities under surety bonds or similar instruments incurred in the ordinary course of business 
 (oo) Indebtedness with respect to the deferred purchase price for any Permitted Acquisition, provided , that such Indebtedness does not require the payment in cash of principal (other than in respect of working capital adjustments) prior to the Maturity Date, has a maturity which extends beyond the Maturity Date, and is subordinated to the Secured Obligations on terms reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent 
 (pp) Indebtedness of any Loan Party that exists at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary of a Loan Party pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition (other than Indebtedness incurred in contemplation of such Person s becoming a Subsidiary of a Loan Party) and any Permitted Refinancing thereof as long as, in the case of any sale-leaseback transaction permitted hereunder with respect to any Material Storage Location, the Collateral Agent shall have received from such purchaser or transferee a Collateral Access Agreement on terms and conditions reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent 
 (qq) intentionally omitted 
 (rr) after the expiration of the Bridge Loan Period, so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing as of the date of incurrence thereof, including as a result of a breach of Section 7.15 (calculating the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, if applicable, on a pro forma basis) and, unless all of the FILO Lenders otherwise agree at any time that the Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments exceed 0, so long as the incurrence of such Indebtedness would result in a permanent reduction of the Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments in accordance with Section 2.18(e) , the Permitted Senior Debt and any Permitted Refinancing thereof 
 (ss) (i) during the Bridge Loan Period so long as the Intercreditor Agreement is in full force and effect with respect thereto, Subordinated Term Loan Obligations (or, if applicable, any replacement obligations in respect thereof pursuant to a Qualifying Refinancing Transaction) in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 30,000,000 (plus paid-in-kind interest thereon) at any time outstanding, and (ii) after the expiration of the Bridge Loan Period, other Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 75,000,000 at any time outstanding 
 (tt) Indebtedness owed to any Person providing worker s compensation, health, disability or other employee benefits or property, casualty insurance or liability insurance, pursuant to reimbursement or indemnification obligations to such Person, in each case, incurred in the ordinary course of business and 
 (uu) Indebtedness owed in respect of any overdrafts and related liabilities arising from Cash Management Services or any other treasury, depositary and cash management services or in connection with any ACH transfer of funds. 
 Fundamental Changes. Merge, dissolve, liquidate, consolidate with or into another Person (including, in each case, pursuant to a Division), or agree to do any of the foregoing, except that, so long as no Default shall have occurred and be continuing prior to or immediately after giving effect to any action described below or would result therefrom 
 (a) , any Loan Party other than the Lead Borrower may merge with or into another Loan Party, provided that in the case of any such transaction involving a Borrower, a Borrower shall be the surviving entity and . 
 134 
 11238955v22 11516251 

(b) in connection with a Permitted Acquisition, any Loan Party may merge with or into or consolidate with any other Person or permit any other Person to merge with or into or consolidate with it provided , that such Loan Party is the surviving Person. 
 Dispositions . Make any Disposition, except the following (each a Permitted Disposition 
 (a) Dispositions of Equipment in the ordinary course of business that is substantially worn, damaged, obsolete or, in the judgment of a Loan Party, no longer useful or necessary in its business and is not replaced with similar property having at least equivalent value 
 (b) Dispositions of Inventory in the ordinary course of business 
 (c) Store closings (including the termination or non-renewal of any applicable Lease or contract), bulk sales or other dispositions of the Inventory of a Loan Party conducted in orderly fashion in accordance with the applicable Store contract or otherwise and otherwise typical for the college bookseller industry Customary Dispositions ), provided , that any other Store closures and related Inventory dispositions that are not Customary Dispositions shall be permitted hereunder so long as such closures and dispositions shall not exceed (i) in any Fiscal Year of the Lead Borrower, ten percent (10.0 of the number of the Loan Parties Store contracts as of the beginning of such Fiscal Year (net of new Store openings) and (ii) in the aggregate from and after the Closing Date, twenty-five percent (25.0 of the number of such Loan Parties Store contracts in existence as of the Closing Date (net of new Store openings) 
 (d) Dispositions of Inventory constituting Licensed Merchandise in accordance with the Merchandising Agreement and the E-Commerce Agreement 
 (e) non-exclusive licenses of Intellectual Property of a Loan Party in the ordinary course of business 
 (f) sales, transfers and dispositions by any Loan Party to a Borrower 
 (g) reserved 
 (h) reserved 
 (g) sales, transfers and dispositions of any Immaterial Subsidiary to another Person provided, however, that the total assets and gross revenue of all Immaterial Subsidiaries disposed of from and after the Second Amendment Effective Date shall not exceed five percent (5 of (i) the Consolidated total assets of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries and (ii) the Consolidated gross revenue of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries, respectively 
 (h) as long as no Default then exists or would arise therefrom and each of the Agents shall have consented in writing thereto in writing, sales of Real Estate of any Loan Party (or sales of any Person or Persons created to hold such Real Estate or the equity interests in such Person or Persons) in an aggregate amount disposed of at any time during the Bridge Loan Period not to exceed 10,000,000, including sale-leaseback transactions involving any such Real Estate pursuant to leases on market terms, as long as, in the case of any sale-leaseback transaction permitted hereunder with respect to any Material Storage Location, the Collateral Agent shall have received from such purchaser or transferee a Collateral Access Agreement on terms and conditions reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent 
 135 
 11238955v22 11516251 

(i) any Disposition of Real Estate to a Governmental Authority as a result of the condemnation of such Real Estate 
 (j) as long as each of the Agents shall have consented thereto in writing, Dispositions of Excluded Assets in accordance with any intercreditor agreement or Security Documents applicable thereto in an aggregate amount disposed of at any time during the Bridge Loan Period not to exceed 10,000,000 and not constituting Material IP 
 (k) termination or non-renewal of a Lease and granting a lease, sublease, license or other occupancy interest with respect to any owned Real Estate or any real property subject to a Lease, in each case, so long as such action could not reasonably be expected to result in Material Adverse Effect and 
 (l) as long as no Default exists or would arise therefrom and without duplication of Dispositions permitted pursuant to clauses (a) through (k) above, any other Disposition constituting a Specified Event provided the Net Proceeds thereof are applied in accordance with the terms of Section 2.05(e)(ii). 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, no Material IP shall be permitted to be transferred (including by way of an exclusive license, investment, Disposition, designation as an Immaterial Subsidiary or otherwise), or come to be owned by, any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party. 
 Restricted Payments . Make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, except that, so long as no Default shall have occurred and be continuing prior to or immediately after giving effect to any action described below or would result therefrom, including no Event of Default arising as a result of a breach of Section 7.15 (calculating the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio on a pro forma basis) 
 (m) each Loan Party may make Restricted Payments to any Loan Party 
 (n) the Loan Parties may declare and make dividend payments or other distributions payable solely in the common stock or other Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Stock) of such Person 
 (o) after the expiration of the Bridge Loan Period, Specified Tax Payments and 
 (p) after the expiration of the Bridge Loan Period, so long as no FILO Loan is outstanding immediately prior to and or immediately after giving effect to any transaction contemplated by this clause (d), the Lead Borrower may pay other cash dividends on its Equity Interests (excluding Disqualified Stock) and repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire Equity Interests issued by it if, after giving effect to such transaction or payment, either (i) Pro Forma Excess Availability and Projected Excess Availability as of the date of consummation of such payment will be equal to or greater than twenty percent (20.0 of the Aggregate Loan Cap, or (ii) (A) Projected Excess Availability and Pro Forma Excess Availability as of the date of consummation of such payment will be equal to or greater than fifteen percent (15.0 of the Aggregate Loan Cap and (B) the Consolidated Adjusted Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, on a pro-forma basis for the Measurement Period immediately prior to such transaction or payment, will be equal to or greater than 1.10 to 1.00, and, in either case, the Lead Borrower shall have delivered written certification as to and a reasonably detailed calculation of demonstrating compliance with either clause (i) or clause (ii) above, as applicable, five (5) Business Days prior to the date of such transaction or payment. 
 136 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Prepayments Payments of Indebtedness. Prepay Pay , redeem, purchase, defease or otherwise satisfy, in each case , prior to the scheduled maturity thereof in any manner any Indebtedness for borrowed money (other than Indebtedness under the Loan Documents), except that, so long as no Default shall have occurred and be continuing prior to or immediately after giving effect to any action described below or would result therefrom, including no Event of Default arising as a result of a breach of Section 7.15 (calculating the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio on a pro forma basis) 
 (q) regularly scheduled or mandatory repayments, repurchases, redemptions or defeasances of Permitted Indebtedness (other than the Subordinated Term Loan Obligations 
 (r) (i) the Lead Borrower may voluntarily prepay, redeem, purchase, defease or otherwise satisfy, in each case, prior to the scheduled maturity thereof in any manner the Subordinated Term Loan Obligations if and to the extent permitted in the Intercreditor Agreement and to the extent required pursuant to Section 2.05(e)(ii) , (ii) after the expiration of the Bridge Loan Period, the Lead Borrower may voluntarily prepay, redeem, purchase, defease or otherwise satisfy, in each case, prior to the scheduled maturity thereof in any manner any Material Indebtedness for borrowed money if, after giving effect to such payment, redemption, purchase, defeasance or other prepayment transaction, (A) either (x) Projected Excess Availability and Pro Forma Excess Availability as of the date of consummation of such payment will be equal to or greater than twenty percent (20.0 of the Aggregate Loan Cap, or (y) (1) Projected Excess Availability and Pro Forma Excess Availability as of the date of consummation of such payment will be equal to or greater than twelve and one half percent (12.5 of the Aggregate Loan Cap and (2) the Consolidated Adjusted Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, on a pro-forma basis for the Measurement Period immediately prior to such transaction or payment, will be equal to or greater than 1.00 to 1.00, and (B) the Lead Borrower shall have delivered written certification as to and a reasonably detailed calculation of item (A) above seven (7) days prior to the date of such transaction or payment and and 
 (s) Permitted Refinancings of certain Permitted Indebtedness in accordance with Section 7.03 . 
 Change in Nature of Business. Engage in any line of business substantially different from the Business. 
 Transactions with Affiliates . Enter into, renew, extend or be a party to any transaction of any kind with any Affiliate of any Loan Party, whether or not in the ordinary course of business, other than on fair and reasonable terms substantially as favorable to the Loan Parties as would be obtainable by the Loan Parties at the time in a comparable arm s length transaction with a Person other than an Affiliate, provided , that the foregoing restriction shall not apply to the Spin-Off Agreements or any transaction between or among the Loan Parties not prohibited hereunder. 
 Burdensome Agreements . Enter into, permit any Subsidiary to enter into, or permit to exist any Contractual Obligation (other than this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any Loan Document (as defined in the Subordinated Term Loan Agreement)) that (a) limits the ability (i) of any Subsidiary to make Restricted Payments or other distributions to any Loan Party or to otherwise transfer property to or invest in a Loan Party, (ii) of any Subsidiary to Guarantee the Secured Obligations, (iii) of any Subsidiary to make or repay loans to a Loan Party, or (iv) of the Loan Parties or any Subsidiary to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist Liens on property of such Person in favor of the Collateral Agent provided , however , that this clause (iv) shall not prohibit any negative pledge incurred or provided in favor of any holder of Indebtedness permitted under and in accordance with clauses (e) (solely to the extent any such negative pledge relates to the property financed by or the subject of such Indebtedness), (g), (h) (solely to the extent any such negative pledge relates to the Subsidiary acquired pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition), (j) (so long as such negative pledge permits Liens in accordance with Section 
 137 
 11238955v22 11516251 

7.01(p) and any intercreditor agreement applicable to the Permitted Senior Debt) or (k) (solely to the extent any such negative pledge relates to the property financed by or the subject of such Indebtedness) of Section 7.03 or (b) requires the grant of a Lien to secure an obligation of such Person if a Lien is granted to secure another obligation of such Person provided , that (x) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions and conditions imposed by applicable Law, (y) the foregoing shall not apply to customary restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to the sale of a Subsidiary permitted hereunder pending such sale, provided , that such restrictions and conditions apply only to the Subsidiary that is to be sold and (z) clause (a)(iv) of this Section shall not apply to customary provisions in leases restricting the assignment thereof or the granting of a leasehold mortgage thereon. 
 Use of Proceeds . Use the proceeds of any Credit Extension, whether directly or indirectly, and whether immediately, incidentally or ultimately, to purchase or carry margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U of the FRB) or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock or to refund Indebtedness originally incurred for such purpose. 
 Amendment of Organizational Documents, Material Indebtedness or Certain Contracts . 
 (f) Amend, modify or waive (a) its Organization Documents in a manner materially adverse to the Credit Parties, (b) the definition of Licensed Merchandise under any Licensed Merchandise Agreement, or (c) any other provisions of any Licensed Merchandise Agreement or any Loan Party s rights under any Material Indebtedness, in each case to the extent that such amendment, modification or waiver (i) would violate, or compliance with which could reasonably be expected to result in the violation of, any Loan Document, (ii) otherwise could reasonably be expected to be materially adverse to the interests of the Credit Parties, taken as a whole, or (iii) could be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (g) Enter into, amend, modify or otherwise supplement any advisory, consulting, investment banking or other similar third party engagements (including with respect to CRO and Investment Bank) with any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, except to the extent such amendments, modifications or engagements are approved by the CRO and are on terms and conditions reasonably acceptable to the Agent. 
 Corporate Name Fiscal Year. 
 (a) Change the Fiscal Year of any Loan Party, or the material accounting policies or reporting practices of the Loan Parties, except as required by GAAP. 
 (b) Effect or permit any change referred to in Section 6.14 unless (i) the Collateral Agent s written acknowledgement that all filings have been made under the UCC or otherwise that are required in order for the Collateral Agent to continue at all times following such change to have a valid, legal and perfected first priority security interest in all the Collateral (or, if any Excluded Asset is added as Collateral in connection with the issuance of Permitted Senior Debt, a valid, legal and perfected second priority security interest on such Collateral, subject to Permitted Encumbrances) for its own benefit and the benefit of the other Credit Parties, and (ii) after giving effect to any change to the location of the Collateral, all Collateral shall be located within the United States. 
 Deposit Accounts Credit Card Processors . Open new DDAs or Blocked Accounts, or enter into agreements with any credit card processors, unless the Loan Parties shall have delivered to the Collateral Agent appropriate Blocked Account Agreements, Securities Account Control Agreements, DDA Notifications or Credit Card Notifications, as appropriate, consistent 
 138 
 11238955v22 11516251 

with the provisions of Section 6.13 and otherwise reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent provided , that the Borrowers shall be permitted to open new DDAs to the extent that such DDAs are sub-accounts of any DDA at a depository institution for which a DDA notification has already been delivered. Except as permitted hereby, no Loan Party shall maintain any bank accounts or enter into any agreements with credit card processors other than the ones expressly contemplated herein or in Section 6.13 hereof. No Loan Party shall deposit or permit to be deposited into the Licensed Merchandise Account any amount other than proceeds of the sale of Licensed Merchandise under the Merchandising Agreement equal to no more than 100 of the Monthly FLC Revenue Share as of the next occurring Merchandising Agreement Monthly Settlement Date, and subject to the terms and conditions of the Licensed Merchandise Side Letter (including, without limitation, provisions regarding any surplus that may be maintained in the Licensed Merchandise Account from time to time), the Loan Parties shall cause any amount payable to the Loan Parties from the amounts on deposit in the Licensed Merchandise Account on each Monthly Settlement Date to be transferred to an Ordinary Blocked Account of the Loan Parties immediately after payment of the all amounts in the Licensed Merchandise Account owing to FLC as of such date. Notwithstanding anything herein or in any other Loan Document to the contrary, (i) no DDA, Blocked Account Agreement or Securities Account Control Agreement entered into in connection herewith shall be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified in any manner whatsoever without the express written consent of the Administrative Agent in its sole and absolute discretion and (ii) the Loan Parties shall not enter into or permit to be established any DDAs, Blocked Account Agreements or Securities Account Control Agreements with or for the benefit of any of the secured parties under the Subordinated Term Loan Agreement or any refinancing thereof unless (x) such DDAs, Blocked Account Agreements and or Securities Account Control Agreements are subject to the terms and conditions of the Intercreditor Agreement, and (y) are otherwise in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (it being understood and agreed that DDAs, Blocked Account Agreements and Securities Account Control Agreements substantially in the form of corresponding Loan Documents existing as of the date of the Subordinated Term Loan Agreement shall be deemed to be in form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent). 
 Financial Covenants. 
 (h) Permit Availability, at any time, to be less than the greater of (i) the result of (x) 32,500,000 minus (y) the Covenant Reduction Amount , and (ii) 10.0 of the Aggregate Loan Cap. 
 (i) Commencing on September 30, 2023, permit Consolidated EBITDA for the Measurement Period ending on each date set forth below to be less than the corresponding amount set forth below 
 139 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Measurement Period Ending Minimum Consolidated EBITDA Fiscal Month ended September, 2023 10,315,330 Fiscal Month ended October, 2023 15,256,540 Fiscal Month ended November, 2023 9,077,550 Fiscal Month ended December, 2023 18,372,410 Fiscal Month ended January, 2024 20,535,180 Fiscal Month ended February, 2024 41,067,840 Fiscal Month ended March, 2024 38,098,580 Fiscal Month ended April, 2024 42,774,020 Fiscal Month ended May, 2024 44,696,020 Fiscal Month ended June, 2024 46,828,780 Fiscal Month ended July, 2024 49,630,320 Fiscal Month ended August, 2024 50,813,210 Fiscal Month ended September, 2024 56,690,000 Fiscal Month ended October, 2024 57,324,000 Fiscal Month ended November, 2024 56,515,000 Fiscal Month ended December, 2024 55,168,000 
 
 1.16 Variance Covenant . 
 (a) On each of July 29, 2023 and August 5, 2023, permit Actual Disbursement Amounts for each rolling Cumulative Four-Week Period then ended to exceed the Budgeted Disbursement Amounts for such Cumulative Four-Week Period reflected in the applicable Approved Budget (s) by an amount greater than ten percent (10.0 of such Budgeted Disbursement Amounts for such period. 
 (b) 7.16 Variance Covenant . From and after the commencement of the Variance Testing Period on a weekly basis (x) commencing June 10 Commencing August 12 , 2023, with respect to each Prior Week occurring thereafter (until a Cumulative Four-Week Period has elapsed after June 3, 2023) , permit (i) Actual Disbursement Amounts for any Prior Week to exceed the Budgeted Disbursement Amounts , as reflected in the applicable Approved 
 140 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Budget, for such Prior Week by an amount greater than fifteen percent (15.0 of such Budgeted Disbursement Amounts for such Prior Week and (y) commencing as of first ten percent (10.0 (or, until a full Cumulative Four-Week Period after June 3 August 12 , 2023 , permit Actual Disbursement Amounts for each rolling shall have occurred, such greater percentage as may be agreed to in writing by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), (ii) Actual Cash Receipts for any Prior Week to be less than an amount equal to ninety percent (90.0 (or, until a full Cumulative Four-Week Period to exceed after August 12, 2023 shall have occurred, such lower percentage as may be agreed to in writing by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) of the Budgeted Disbursement Amounts Cash Receipts for such Cumulative Four-Week Period Prior Week, as reflected in the applicable Approved Budget (s) by an amount greater than ten percent (10.0 of such Budgeted Disbursement Amounts for such period. Each Loan Party agrees to provide the Administrative Agent with such information and detail concerning weekly third-party vendor payable disbursements as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, including reasonable opportunity to communicate with and discuss with the Lead Borrower s management and its advisors to understand necessary disbursements. and (iii) Actual Inventory Receipts for any Prior Week to be less than an amount equal to ninety percent (90.0 (or, until a full Cumulative Four-Week Period after August 12, 2023 shall have occurred, such lower percentage as may be agreed to in writing by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) of the Budgeted Inventory Receipts for such Prior Week, as reflected in the applicable Approved Budget, in each case solely with respect to BNCB and 
 (c) Commencing as of the first full Cumulative Four-Week Period after August 11, 2023, with respect to each Cumulative Four-Week Period occurring thereafter, permit (i) Actual Disbursement Amounts for any Cumulative Four-Week Period to exceed the Budgeted Disbursement Amounts for such Cumulative Four-Week Period, as reflected in the applicable Approved Budget, by an amount greater than ten percent (10.0 ), (ii) Actual Cash Receipts for any Cumulative Four-Week Period to be less than an amount equal to ninety percent (90.0 of the Budgeted Cash Receipts for such Cumulative Four-Week Period, as reflected in the applicable Approved Budget, (iii) Actual Inventory Receipts for any Cumulative Four-Week Period to be less than an amount equal to ninety percent (90.0 of the Budgeted Inventory Receipts for such Cumulative Four-Week Period, as reflected in the applicable Approved Budget, and (iv) Actual Net Cash Flow for any Cumulative Four-Week Period (1) if projected to be a positive amount, to be less than an amount equal to ninety percent (90.0 of the Budgeted Net Cash Flow for such Cumulative Four-Week Period and (2) if projected to be a negative amount, to be greater than ten percent (10.0 of the Budgeted Net Cash Flow for such Cumulative Four-Week Period, each, as reflected in the applicable Approved Budget, in each case of the foregoing clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) solely with respect to BNBC. 
 Each Loan Party agrees to provide the Administrative Agent with such information and detail concerning weekly third-party vendor payable disbursements as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, including reasonable opportunity to communicate with and discuss with the Lead Borrower s management and its advisors to understand necessary disbursements. 
 Sanctions. Directly or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, indirectly use the proceeds of any Credit Extension, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary, joint venture partner or other individual or entity, to fund any activities of or business with any individual or entity, or in any Designated Jurisdiction, that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of Sanctions, or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any individual or entity (including any individual or entity participating in the transaction, whether as Lender, 
 141 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Arranger, Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent, LC Issuer, Swing Line Lender, or otherwise) of Sanctions. 
 Anti-Corruption Laws. Directly or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, indirectly use the proceeds of any Credit Extension for any purpose which would breach the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010, and other similar anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions. 
 EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 
 Events of Default . Any of the events referred to in the below clauses of this Section 8.01 shall constitute an Event of Default 
 (a) Non-Payment . The Borrowers or any other Loan Party fails to pay when and as required to be paid herein, (i) any amount of principal of any Loan (including any repayment of FILO Loans on the applicable FILO Facility Payment Date) or any LC Obligation (including by deposit of funds as Cash Collateral in respect of LC Obligations), or (ii) any interest on any Loan or on any LC Obligation, or any fee due hereunder, or (iii) within three (3) Business Days after the same becomes due, any other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document or 
 (b) Specific Covenants . (i) Any Loan Party fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in any of Section 6.01 , Section 6.02 , Section 6.03 , Section 6.05 , Section 6.07 , Section 6.10 , Section 6.11 , Section 6.12 , Section 6.13 , Section 6.19 (and except for any such failure under Section 6.19(a)(ii) and Section 6.19(a)(iii) (which shall constitute an immediate Event of Default) such failure under Section 6.19 continues for three (3) Business Days), Section 6.20 , Section 6.21, Section 6.22 or ARTICLE VII or 
 (c) Other Defaults . Any Loan Party fails to perform or observe any other covenant or agreement (not specified in subsection (a) or (b) above) contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed and such failure continues for thirty (30) days or 
 (d) Representations and Warranties . Any representation, warranty, certification or statement of fact made or deemed made by or on behalf of any Borrower or any other Loan Party herein, in any other Loan Document, or in any document delivered in connection herewith or therewith (including, without limitation, any Borrowing Base Certificate) shall be incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed made or 
 (e) Cross-Default . (i) Any Loan Party (A) fails to make any payment when due (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise) in respect of any Material Indebtedness (including undrawn committed or available amounts and including amounts owing to all creditors under any combined or syndicated credit arrangement) or Guarantee (other than Indebtedness hereunder and Indebtedness under Swap Contracts), or (B) fails to observe or perform any other agreement or condition relating to any such Material Indebtedness or Guarantee or contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing, securing or relating thereto, or any other event occurs, the effect of which default or other event is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Material Indebtedness or the beneficiary or beneficiaries of any Guarantee thereof (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries) to cause, with the giving of notice if required, such Material Indebtedness to be demanded or to become due or to be repurchased, prepaid, defeased or redeemed (automatically or otherwise), or an offer to repurchase, prepay, defease or redeem such Material Indebtedness to be made, prior to its stated maturity, or such Guarantee to become 
 142 
 11238955v22 11516251 

payable or cash collateral in respect thereof to be demanded or (ii) there occurs under any Swap Contract an Early Termination Date (as defined in such Swap Contract) resulting from (A) any event of default under such Swap Contract as to which a Loan Party is the Defaulting Party (as defined in such Swap Contract) or (B) any Termination Event (as so defined) under such Swap Contract as to which a Loan Party is an Affected Party (as so defined) and, in either event, the Swap Termination Value owed by the Loan Party as a result thereof is greater than 20,000,000 15,000,000 or 
 (f) Insolvency Proceedings, Etc. Any Loan Party institutes or consents to the institution of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors or applies for or consents to the appointment of any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer for it or for all or any material part of its property or a proceeding shall be commenced or a petition filed, without the application or consent of such Person, seeking or requesting the appointment of any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer is appointed and the appointment continues undischarged, undismissed or unstayed for 60 calendar days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered or any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law relating to any such Person or to all or any material part of its property is instituted without the consent of such Person and continues undismissed or unstayed for 60 calendar days, or an order for relief is entered in any such proceeding, or any Loan Party shall take any action to institute or effect any of the foregoing, or any Loan Party becomes subject to a Bail-In Action or 
 (g) Inability to Pay Debts Attachment . (i) Any Loan Party becomes unable or admits in writing its inability or fails generally to pay its debts as they become due in the ordinary course of business, or (ii) any writ or warrant of attachment or execution or similar process is issued or levied against all or any material part of the property of any such Person and is not released, vacated or fully bonded within 30 days after its issue or levy or 
 (h) Judgments . There is entered against any Loan Party one or more judgments or orders for the payment of money in an aggregate amount (as to all such judgments and orders) exceeding 15,000,000 (to the extent not covered by independent third-party insurance as to which the insurer is rated at least A by A.M. Best Company, has been notified of the potential claim and does not dispute coverage) and (A) enforcement proceedings are commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or order, or (B) there is a period of 10 consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment or order, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, is not in effect or 
 (i) ERISA . (i) An ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan which has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in liability of any Loan Party under Title IV of ERISA to the Pension Plan, Multiemployer Plan or the PBGC in an aggregate amount which could reasonably likely result in a Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) a Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate fails to pay when due, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, any installment payment with respect to its withdrawal liability under Section 4201 of ERISA under a Multiemployer Plan in an aggregate amount which could reasonably likely result in a Material Adverse Effect or 
 (j) Invalidity of Loan Documents . (i) Any material provision of any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or satisfaction in full of all the Obligations, ceases to be in full force and effect or any Loan Party or any other Person contests in any manner the validity or enforceability of any material provision of any Loan Document or any Loan Party denies in writing that it has any or further liability or obligation under any provision of any Loan Document, or purports to revoke, terminate or rescind any provision of any Loan Document or 
 143 
 11238955v22 11516251 

seeks to avoid, limit or otherwise adversely affect any Lien purported to be created under any Security Document or (ii) any Lien purported to be created under any Security Document shall cease to be, or shall be asserted by any Loan Party or any other Person not to be, a valid and perfected Lien on any Collateral, with the priority required by the applicable Security Document, it being understood that the application of Write-Down and Conversion Powers by any EEA Resolution Authority (or the public announcement of the impending application of such powers) with respect to any liabilities of a Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be deemed an Event of Default under this clause or 
 (k) Change of Control . There occurs any Change of Control or 
 (l) Cessation of Business . The Loan Parties, taken as a whole, shall take any action to suspend all or substantially all operations of their Business or liquidate all or a material portion of their assets or Store locations, or employ an agent or other third party to conduct a program of closings, liquidations or Going-Out-Of-Business sales of any material portion of its business. 
 (m) Acceleration of Trade Terms. The stated payment terms under the VitalSource Supply Contract are accelerated i.e. , shortened) from the payment terms in effect as of the Eighth Amendment Effective Date. 
 Remedies Upon Event of Default . 
 (d) If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Administrative Agent may, or, at the request of the Required Lenders shall, take any or all of the following actions 
 (i) declare the Commitments of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of the LC Issuer to make LC Credit Extensions to be terminated, whereupon such Commitments and obligation shall be terminated 
 (ii) declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Loan Parties 
 (iii) require that the Loan Parties Cash Collateralize the LC Obligations (in an amount equal to 105 of the then Outstanding Amount thereof) and 
 (iv) whether or not the maturity of any of the Secured Obligations shall have been accelerated pursuant hereto, proceed to protect, enforce and exercise all rights and remedies of the Credit Parties under this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or applicable Law, including, but not limited to, by suit in equity, action at law or other appropriate proceeding, whether for the specific performance of any covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any instrument pursuant to which the Secured Obligations are evidenced, and, if such amount shall have become due, by declaration or otherwise, proceed to enforce the payment thereof or any other legal or equitable right of the Credit Parties 
 provided , however , that upon the occurrence of any Event of Default under Section 8.01(f) or Section 8.1(g) , the obligation of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of the LC Issuer to make LC Credit Extensions shall automatically terminate, the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due 
 144 
 11238955v22 11516251 

and payable, and the obligation of the Loan Parties to Cash Collateralize the LC Obligations as aforesaid shall automatically become effective, in each case without further act of the Administrative Agent or any Lender. 
 No remedy herein is intended to be exclusive of any other remedy and each and every remedy shall be cumulative and shall be in addition to every other remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or by statute or any other provision of Law. 
 Application of Proceeds . After the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 8.02 (or after the Loans have automatically become immediately due and payable and the LC Obligations have automatically been required to be Cash Collateralized as set forth in the proviso to Section 8.02 ), any amounts received on account of the Secured Obligations shall, subject to the provisions of Section 2.16 , Section 2.17 and Section 2.18 , be applied by the Administrative Agent in the following order 
 First , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, Credit Party Expenses and other amounts (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent and amounts payable under Article III payable to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, each in its capacity as such 
 Second , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting indemnities, Credit Party Expenses, and other amounts (other than principal, interest and fees) payable to the Lenders and the LC Issuer (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the respective Lenders and the LC Issuer and amounts payable under Article III ), ratably among them in proportion to the amounts described in this clause Second payable to them 
 Third , to the extent not previously reimbursed by the Lenders, to payment to the Administrative Agent of that portion of the Obligations constituting principal and accrued and unpaid interest on any Protective Advances 
 Fourth , to the extent that Swing Line Loans have not been refinanced by a Committed Loan, payment to the Swing Line Lender of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid interest on the Swing Line Loans 
 Fifth , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid interest on the Revolving Loans, LC Borrowings and other Obligations, and fees (including Letter of Credit Fees and the Revolving Commitment Fees) (in each case, as payable to the Revolving Lenders or the LC Issuer), ratably among the Revolving Lenders and the LC Issuer in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Fifth payable to them 
 Sixth , to the extent that Swing Line Loans have not been refinanced by a Committed Loan, to payment to the Swing Line Lender of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Swing Line Loans 
 Seventh , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Revolving Loans and LC Borrowings, ratably among the Revolving Lenders and the LC Issuer in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Seventh held by them 
 145 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Eighth , to the Administrative Agent for the account of the LC Issuer, to Cash Collateralize that portion of LC Obligations comprised of the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit 
 Ninth , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid interest on the FILO Loans (in each case, as payable to the FILO Lenders), ratably among the FILO Lenders in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Ninth payable to them 
 Tenth , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the FILO Loans, ratably among the FILO Lenders in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Tenth held by them 
 Eleventh , to payment of all other Obligations (including without limitation the Cash Collateralization of unliquidated indemnification obligations as provided in Section 10.04 ), ratably among the Credit Parties in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Eleventh held by them 
 Twelfth , to payment or Cash Collateralization (if agreed by the applicable Loan Parties and any Credit Party that is a provider of any Cash Management Services) of that portion of the Secured Obligations arising from Cash Management Services, ratably among the Credit Parties in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Twelfth held by them 
 Thirteenth , to payment or Cash Collateralization (if agreed by the parties to any Swap Contract) of all other Secured Obligations arising from Bank Products, ratably among the Credit Parties in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Thirteenth held by them and 
 Last , the balance, if any, after all of the Secured Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full, to the Loan Parties or as otherwise required by Law 
 provided , that Excluded Swap Obligations with respect to any Loan Party shall not be paid with amounts received from such Loan Party or its assets, but appropriate adjustments shall be made with respect to payments from other Loan Parties to preserve the allocation to Secured Obligations otherwise set forth above in this Section. 
 Subject to Section 2.03(c) and Section 2.16 , amounts used to Cash Collateralize the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to clause Eighth above shall be applied to satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as they occur. If any amount remains on deposit as Cash Collateral after all Letters of Credit have either been fully drawn or expired, such remaining amount shall be applied to the other Secured Obligations, if any, in the order set forth above. 
 Amounts distributed with respect to any Secured Obligations attributable to Other Liabilities shall be equal to the lesser of (a) the applicable amount of such Other Liabilities last reported to the Administrative Agent or (b) the actual amount of such Other Liabilities as calculated by the methodology reported to the Administrative Agent for determining the amount due. The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to calculate the amount to be distributed with respect to any such Other Liabilities, but may rely upon written notice of the amount (setting forth a reasonably detailed calculation) from the applicable Lender or its Affiliate providing such Bank Products or Cash Management Services. In the absence of such notice, the Administrative Agent may assume the amount to be distributed is the amount of such obligations last reported to it. 
 146 
 11238955v22 11516251 

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 Appointment and Authority. 
 (b) Each of the Lenders and the LC Issuer hereby irrevocably appoints Bank of America to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the LC Issuer, and no Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof shall have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions. 
 (c) Each of the Lenders (in its capacities as a Lender), Swing Line Lender and the LC Issuer hereby irrevocably appoints Bank of America as Collateral Agent and authorizes the Collateral Agent to act as the agent of such Lender and the LC Issuer for purposes of acquiring, holding and enforcing any and all Liens on Collateral granted by any of the Loan Parties to secure any of the Secured Obligations, together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto. In this connection, the Collateral Agent, as collateral agent and any co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact appointed by the Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 9.05 for purposes of holding or enforcing any Lien on the Collateral (or any portion thereof) granted under the Security Documents, or for exercising any rights and remedies thereunder at the direction of the Collateral Agent), shall be entitled to the benefits of all provisions of this Article IX and Article X (including Section 10.04(c)) , as though such co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact were the collateral agent under the Loan Documents, as if set forth in full herein with respect thereto. 
 (d) Each provider of Cash Management Services and or Bank Products that is an Affiliate of a Lender but not a party to this Agreement shall be deemed to have acknowledged and accepted the appointment of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent pursuant to the terms of this Article IX for itself and its Affiliates as if a Lender party hereto. 
 (e) It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties. 
 Rights as a Lender . The Persons serving as the Agents hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in their capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though they were not the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with the Loan Parties or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders. 
 Exculpatory Provisions . The Agents shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, and their duties hereunder shall be administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Agents 
 147 
 11238955v22 11516251 

(f) shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing 
 (g) shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents), provided , that no Agent shall be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose such Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable Law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law and 
 (h) shall not have any duty or responsibility to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, to any Lender or any LC Issuer, any credit or other information concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of any of the Loan Parties or any of their Affiliates, that is communicated to, obtained or in the possession of, the Administrative Agent, Arranger or any of their Related Parties in any capacity, except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished to the Lenders by the Administrative Agent herein. 
 No Agent shall be liable for any action taken or not taken by it (i) with the Consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as such Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Section 10.01 and Section 8.02 or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a final and non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. 
 The Agents shall not be deemed to have knowledge of any Default unless and until notice describing such Default is given to such Agent by the Loan Parties, a Lender or the LC Issuer. In the event that the Agents obtain such actual knowledge or receive such a notice, the Agents shall give prompt notice thereof to each of the other Credit Parties. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Agents shall take such action with respect to such Event of Default as shall be reasonably directed by the Required Lenders. Unless and until the Agents shall have received such direction, the Agents may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action, or refrain from taking such action, with respect to any such Event of Default as they, or either of them, shall deem advisable in the best interest of the Credit Parties. In no event shall the Agents be required to comply with any such directions to the extent that any Agent believes that its compliance with such directions would be unlawful. 
 The Agents shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or the creation, perfection or priority of any Lien purported to be created by the Security Documents, (v) the value or the sufficiency of any Collateral, or (vi) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Agents. 
 148 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Reliance by Agents. Each Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including, but not limited to, any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. Each Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or the LC Issuer, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or the LC Issuer unless the Administrative Agent shall have received written notice to the contrary from such Lender or the LC Issuer prior to the making of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit. Each Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for any Loan Party), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 
 Delegation of Duties . Each Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by such Agent. Each Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Agents and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as such Agent. No Agent shall be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and non-appealable judgment that such Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct or breach in bad faith in the selection of such sub-agents. 
 Resignation of Agents . Either Agent may at any time give written notice of its resignation to the Lenders, the LC Issuer and the Lead Borrower. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States, and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, shall be reasonably acceptable to the Lead Borrower. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Agent gives notice of its resignation (or such earlier day as shall be agreed to by the Required Lenders) (the Resignation Effective Date ), then the retiring Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) on behalf of the Lenders and the LC Issuer (and so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, with the written consent of the Lead Borrower, not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) appoint a successor Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, meeting the qualifications set forth above provided , that in no event shall any such successor Agent be a Defaulting Lender) provided , that whether or not a successor has been appointed, such resignation shall become effective in accordance with such notice on the Resignation Effective Date. If the Person serving as Administrative Agent is a Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (d) of the definition thereof, the Required Lenders may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, by notice in writing to the Lead Borrower and such Person remove such Person as Administrative Agent (and so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, with the written consent of the Lead Borrower, not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), appoint a successor. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the Removal Effective Date ), then such removal shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice on the Removal Effective Date. With effect from the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date (as applicable) (1) the retiring Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the 
 149 
 11238955v22 11516251 

other Loan Documents (except that in the case of any Collateral held by the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Lenders or the LC Issuer under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring Collateral Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Collateral Agent is appointed) and (2) except for any indemnity payments or other amounts then owed to the retiring or removed Agent, all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender and the LC Issuer directly, until such time as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above in this Section 9.06 . Upon the acceptance of a successor s appointment as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or removed) Agent (other than as provided in Section 3.01(h) and other than any rights to indemnity payments or other amounts owed to the retiring or removed Agent as of the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date, as applicable), and the retiring (or removed) Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section 9.06 ). The fees payable by the Borrowers to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Lead Borrower and such successor. After the retiring (or removed) Agent s resignation hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article IX and Section 10.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring (or removed) Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring Agent was acting as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent hereunder. 
 Any resignation by Bank of America as Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section shall also constitute its resignation as LC Issuer and Swing Line Lender. If Bank of America resigns as an LC Issuer, it shall retain all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the LC Issuer hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as LC Issuer and all LC Obligations with respect thereto, including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans or fund risk participations in Unreimbursed Amounts pursuant to Section 2.03(c) . If Bank of America resigns as Swing Line Lender, it shall retain all the rights of the Swing Line Lender provided for hereunder with respect to Swing Line Loans made by it and outstanding as of the effective date of such resignation, including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans or fund risk participations in outstanding Swing Line Loans pursuant to Section 2.04(c) . Upon the appointment by the Borrower of a successor LC Issuer or Swing Line Lender hereunder (which successor shall in all cases be a Lender other than a Defaulting Lender), (a) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring LC Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as applicable, (b) the retiring LC Issuer and Swing Line Lender shall be discharged from all of their respective duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, and (c) the successor LC Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to Bank of America to effectively assume the obligations of Bank of America with respect to such Letters of Credit. 
 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders . Each Lender and the LC Issuer expressly acknowledges that none of the Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent nor any Arranger has made any representation or warranty to it, and that no act by the Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent or any Arranger hereafter taken, including any consent to, and acceptance of any assignment or review of the affairs of any Loan Party of any Affiliate thereof, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by the Administrative Agent or any Arranger to any Lender or the LC Issuer as to any matter, including whether the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Arranger have disclosed material information in their (or their Related Parties possession. Each Lender and the LC Issuer represents to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Arrangers that it has, independently and without reliance 
 150 
 11238955v22 11516251 

upon the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any Arranger, any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis of, appraisal of, and investigation into, the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, and all applicable bank or other regulatory Laws relating to the transactions contemplated hereby, and made its own decision to enter into this Agreement and to extend credit to the Borrower hereunder. Each Lender and the LC Issuer also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any Arranger, any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder, and to make such investigations as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties. Each Lender and the LC Issuer represents and warrants that (i) the Loan Documents set forth the terms of a commercial lending facility and (ii) it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans in the ordinary course and is entering into this Agreement as a Lender or LC Issuer for the purpose of making, acquiring or holding commercial loans and providing other facilities set forth herein as may be applicable to such Lender or LC Issuer, and not for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring or holding any other type of financial instrument, and each Lender and the LC Issuer agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of the foregoing. Each Lender and the LC Issuer represents and warrants that it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to make, acquire and or hold commercial loans and to provide other facilities set forth herein, as may be applicable to such Lender or such LC Issuer, and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to make, acquire and or hold such commercial loans or to provide such other facilities, is experienced in making, acquiring or holding such commercial loans or providing such other facilities. 
 No Other Duties, Etc. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, none of the Joint Lead Bookrunners, Arrangers, Co-Syndication Agents or Co-Documentation Agents shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent, a Lender or the LC Issuer hereunder. 
 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim . In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or LC Obligation shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Loan Parties) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise 
 (i) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, LC Obligations and all other Secured Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the LC Issuer, the Agents and the other Credit Parties (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders, the LC Issuer, the Agents, such Credit Parties and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders, the LC Issuer, the Agents and such Credit Parties under Section 2.03(i) , Section 2.03(j) and Section 2.03(k) and, as applicable, Section 2.09 and Section 10.04 allowed in such judicial proceeding and 
 (j) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same 
 151 
 11238955v22 11516251 

and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender and the LC Issuer to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, if the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders and the LC Issuer, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Section 2.09 and Section 10.04 . 
 Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or the LC Issuer any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Secured Obligations or the rights of any Lender or the LC Issuer or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or the LC Issuer in any such proceeding. 
 Collateral and Guaranty Matters . Without limiting the provisions of Section 9.09 , the Credit Parties irrevocably authorize the Agents, 
 (k) to release any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Collateral Agent under any Loan Document (i) upon termination of the Aggregate Commitments and all Secured Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations for which no claim has been asserted) becoming Fully Satisfied and the expiration or termination of all Letters of Credit or the Cash Collateralization of any LC Obligations, (ii) that is sold or to be sold as part of or in connection with any sale permitted hereunder or under any other Loan Document, (iii) with respect to any Lien upon any Excluded Asset, in accordance with the terms and conditions of any intercreditor agreement and Security Documents applicable thereto, (iv) with respect to any Liens on property constituting less than all or substantially all of the Collateral, if approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Required Lenders or (v) in connection with any release effected pursuant to Section 9.10(c) or Section 11.12 to the extent such Lien was granted by the Loan Party being released 
 (l) to subordinate any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Collateral Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any Lien on such property that is permitted by clause (j) of Section 7.01 and 
 (m) subject to the limitations set forth in Section 11.12 , as applicable, to release or confirm the release of any Loan Party from its obligations hereunder, under the Facility Guaranty, and each other applicable Loan Document if such Person ceases to be a Subsidiary or becomes an Immaterial Subsidiary as a result of a transaction permitted hereunder. 
 Upon request by any Agent at any time, the applicable Lenders will confirm in writing such Agent s authority to release or subordinate its interest in particular types or items of property, or to release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Facility Guaranty and each other applicable Loan Document pursuant to this Section 9.10 . In each case as specified in this Section 9.10 , the Agents will, at the Loan Parties expense, execute and deliver to the applicable Loan Party such documents as such Loan Party may reasonably request to evidence the release of such item of Collateral from the assignment and security interest granted under the Security Documents or to subordinate its interest in such item, or to release such Guarantor from its obligations under the Facility Guaranty and each other applicable Loan Document, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents and this Section 9.10. 
 No Agent shall be responsible for or have a duty to ascertain or inquire into any representation or warranty regarding the existence, value or collectability of the Collateral, the existence, priority or perfection of the Collateral Agent s Lien thereon, or any certificate prepared by any Loan 
 152 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Party in connection therewith, nor shall any Agent be responsible or liable to the Lenders for any failure to monitor or maintain any portion of the Collateral. 
 Notice of Transfer. The Agents may deem and treat a Lender party to this Agreement as the owner of such Lender s portion of the Secured Obligations for all purposes, unless and until, and except to the extent, an Assignment and Assumption shall have become effective as set forth in Section 10.06 . 
 Reports and Financial Statements. By signing this Agreement, each Lender 
 (n) agrees to furnish the Administrative Agent during any Cash Dominion Trigger Period (and thereafter at such frequency as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request) with a summary of all Other Liabilities due or to become due to such Lender. In connection with any distributions to be made hereunder, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to assume that no amounts are due to any Lender on account of Other Liabilities unless the Administrative Agent has received written notice thereof from such Lender 
 (o) is deemed to have requested that the Administrative Agent furnish such Lender, promptly after they become available, copies of all financial statements required to be delivered by the Lead Borrower hereunder and all commercial finance examinations and appraisals of the Collateral received by the Agents (collectively, the Reports 
 (p) expressly agrees and acknowledges that the Administrative Agent makes no representation or warranty as to the accuracy of the Reports, and shall not be liable for any information contained in any Report 
 (q) expressly agrees and acknowledges that the Reports are not comprehensive audits or examinations, that the Agents or any other party performing any audit or examination will inspect only specific information regarding the Loan Parties and will rely significantly upon the Loan Parties books and records, as well as on representations of the Loan Parties personnel 
 (r) agrees to keep all Reports confidential in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.07 hereof and 
 (s) without limiting the generality of any other indemnification provision contained in this Agreement, agrees (i) to hold the Agents and any such other Lender preparing a Report harmless from any action the indemnifying Lender may take or conclusion the indemnifying Lender may reach or draw from any Report in connection with any Credit Extensions that the indemnifying Lender has made or may make to the Borrowers, or the indemnifying Lender s participation in, or the indemnifying Lender s purchase of, a Loan or Loans and (ii) to pay and protect, and indemnify, defend, and hold the Agents and any such other Lender preparing a Report harmless from and against, the claims, actions, proceedings, damages, costs, expenses, and other amounts (including attorney costs) incurred by the Agents and any such other Lender preparing a Report as the direct or indirect result of any third parties who obtain all or part of any Report through the indemnifying Lender. 
 Agency for Perfection. Each Lender hereby appoints each other Lender as agent for the purpose of perfecting Liens for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders, in assets which, in accordance with Article 9 of the UCC or any other applicable Law of the United States can be perfected only by possession. Should any Lender (other than the Agents) obtain possession of any such Collateral, such Lender shall notify the Agents thereof, and, promptly upon the Collateral Agent s request therefor shall deliver such Collateral to the Collateral Agent or otherwise deal with such Collateral in accordance with the Collateral Agent s instructions. 
 153 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Indemnification of Agents. The Lenders shall indemnify the Agents (and any sub-agent thereof), and each Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the Agents (or any sub-agent thereof) (each such Person being called an Agent Indemnitee (to the extent not reimbursed by the Loan Parties and without limiting the obligations of the Loan Parties hereunder), ratably according to their Applicable Percentages of the Facilities, against, and hold each Agent Indemnitee harmless (on an after tax basis) from, any and all losses, claims, causes of action, damages, liabilities, settlement payments, costs, and related expenses (including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Agent Indemnitee), incurred by any Agent Indemnitee or asserted against any Agent Indemnitee by any third party or by any Lender, Borrower or any other Loan Party arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by the LC Issuer to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, (iv) any claims of, or amounts paid by any Credit Party to, a Blocked Account Bank or securities intermediary or other Person which has entered into a control agreement with any Credit Party hereunder, or (v) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by any Lender, Borrower or any other Loan Party or any of the Loan Parties directors, shareholders or creditors, and regardless of whether any Agent Indemnitee is a party thereto, in all cases, whether or not caused by or arising, in whole or in part, out of the comparative, contributory or sole negligence of the Agent Indemnitee provided , that such indemnity shall not, as to any Agent Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of such Agent Indemnitee. The obligations of the Lenders under this Section 9.14 are subject to the provisions of Section 2.12(d) . 
 Relation among Lenders. The Lenders are not partners or co-venturers, and no Lender shall be liable for the acts or omissions of, or (except as otherwise set forth herein in case of the Agents) authorized to act for, any other Lender. 
 Recovery of Erroneous Payments. Without limitation of any other provision in this Agreement, if at any time the Administrative Agent makes a payment hereunder in error to any Credit Party, whether or not in respect of a Secured Obligation due and owing by the Borrowers at such time, where such payment is a Rescindable Amount, then in any such event, each Credit Party receiving a Rescindable Amount severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount received by such Credit Party in immediately available funds in the currency so received, with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such Rescindable Amount is received by it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. Each Credit Party irrevocably waives any and all defenses, including any discharge for value (under which a creditor might otherwise claim a right to retain funds mistakenly paid by a third party in respect of a debt owed by another) or similar defense to its obligation to return any Rescindable Amount. The Administrative Agent shall inform each Credit Party promptly upon determining that any payment made to such Credit Party comprised, in whole or in part, a Rescindable Amount. 
 154 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Certain ERISA Matters. 
 (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true 
 (i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments or this Agreement, 
 (ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, 
 (iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 
 (iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 
 (b) In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that the Administrative Agent is not a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). 
 Appointment for Perfection. Administrative Agent hereby appoints each Lender at which a Loan Party maintains a DDA other than an Excluded Account (and each such Lender hereby 
 155 
 11238955v22 11516251 

accepts and agrees to such appointment) as its agent for the purpose of perfecting a Lien against each such DDA for the benefit of the Credit Parties to secured the Secured Obligations. 
 MISCELLANEOUS 
 Amendments, Etc. Subject to Section 3.03, no amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and no Consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Required Lenders (or the Administrative Agent, with the Consent of the Required Lenders), and the Lead Borrower or the applicable Loan Party, as the case may be, and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent, and each such waiver or Consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given provided , however , that no such amendment, waiver or consent shall 
 (t) waive any condition set forth in Section 4.01 with respect to any Credit Extension without the written Consent of each Lender 
 (u) extend or, increase the Commitment of any Lender (or reinstate any Commitment terminated pursuant to Section 8.02 or otherwise) without the written Consent of such Lender 
 (v) postpone any date fixed by this Agreement or any other Loan Document for (i) any payment or mandatory prepayment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts due to the Lenders (or any of them) hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents without the written Consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby, or (ii) any scheduled or mandatory reduction of the Aggregate Commitments hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written Consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby 
 (w) reduce the principal of, or the rate of interest specified herein on, any Loan or LC Borrowing, or (subject to clause (iv) of the second proviso to this Section 10.01 any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document, without the written Consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby provided , however , that only the Consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary to amend the definition of Default Rate or to waive any obligation of the Borrowers to pay interest in respect of Loans or Letter of Credit Fees at the Default Rate 
 (x) change Section 2.13 or Section 8.03 in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing or order of application of payments required thereby without the written Consent of each Lender 
 (y) change any provision of this Section 10.01 or the definition of Required Lenders , FILO Facility Required Lenders Super-Majority Required Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to amend, waive or otherwise modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the written Consent of each Lender that is included in such definition or subject to such provision 
 (z) release all or substantially all of the Guarantors from their respective obligations under the Facility Guaranty (except as otherwise permitted herein or in the other Loan Documents as in effect on the Sixth Amendment Effective Date), without the written Consent of each Lender 
 156 
 11238955v22 11516251 

(aa) except for Permitted Dispositions and as otherwise expressly permitted in Section 9.10 , as of Sixth Amendment Effective Date, release all or substantially all of the Collateral from the Liens of the Security Documents without the written Consent of each Lender 
 (bb) increase the advance rates set forth in the definition of the term Borrowing Base without the written Consent of each Revolving Lender, without limitation of clause (j) below 
 (cc) (x) modify (i) any component (other than advance rates or Reserves) of the Borrowing Base, including eligibility criteria, in any manner that would increase availability thereunder or (ii) the discretion of the Administrative Agent to change, establish or eliminate any Reserves (y) modify the provisions of Section 7.16, in each case, without the consent of the Super-Majority Required Lenders 
 (dd) modify the definition of Protective Advance so as to increase the amounts permitted thereby or, except as provided in such definition, the time periods for a Protective Advance without the written Consent of each Lender 
 (ee) except as otherwise expressly permitted herein or in any other Loan Document, as of the Sixth Amendment Effective Date subordinate, the Secured Obligations hereunder to any other Indebtedness, and, except for any Liens on Excluded Assets pursuant to any intercreditor agreement approved by the Required Lenders in connection with the issuance by any Loan Party of Permitted Senior Debt and except as otherwise expressly permitted herein or in any other Loan Document, subordinate the Liens granted hereunder or under the other Loan Documents to any other Lien without the written Consent of each Lender or 
 (ff) amend subclause (ii) of the proviso to clause (b) of the definition of Permitted Senior Debt without the written Consent of each Lender 
 and, provided , further , that (i) no amendment, waiver or Consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the LC Issuer in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the LC Issuer under this Agreement or any Issuer Document relating to any Letter of Credit issued or to be issued by it (ii) no amendment, waiver or Consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Swing Line Lender in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Swing Line Lender under this Agreement (iii) no amendment, waiver or Consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document (iv) no amendment, waiver or Consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Collateral Agent in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Collateral Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (v) the Fee Letters may be amended, or rights or privileges thereunder waived, in a writing executed only by the parties thereto and (vi) no amendment, waiver or Consent shall, unless in writing signed by at least the FILO Facility Required Lenders in addition to the Lenders required above, shall amend or modify Section 2.18 or otherwise disproportionately and adversely affect the rights and remedies of the FILO Lenders relative to the Revolving Lenders. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (x) no Credit Party that is not a Lender, LC Issuer or Agent under this Agreement and (y) no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or Consent hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or Consent which by its terms requires the Consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender may be effected with the Consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders), except that (x) no Commitment of any Defaulting Lender may be increased or extended without the Consent of such Lender and (y) any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the Consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender that by its terms affects any Defaulting Lender disproportionately adversely relative to other affected Lenders shall require the Consent of such Defaulting Lender. 
 157 
 11238955v22 11516251 

If any Lender does not Consent (a Non-Consenting Lender to a proposed amendment, waiver, consent or release with respect to any Loan Document that requires the Consent of each Lender and that has been approved by the Required Lenders (and, if applicable, the FILO Facility Required Lenders), the Lead Borrower may replace such Non-Consenting Lender in accordance with Section 10.13 provided , that such amendment, waiver, consent or release can be effected as a result of the assignment contemplated by such Section (together with all other such assignments required by the Lead Borrower to be made pursuant to this paragraph). 
 Notices Effectiveness Electronic Communications. 
 (gg) Notices Generally . Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as provided in subsection (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopier, or electronic communication (subject to clause (b) below) as follows, and all notices and other communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows 
 (i) if to the Loan Parties, the Agents, the LC Issuer or the Swing Line Lender, to the address, telecopier number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified for such Person on Schedule 10.02 and 
 (ii) if to any other Lender, to the address, telecopier number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified in its Administrative Questionnaire (including, as appropriate, notices delivered solely to the Person designated by a Lender on its Administrative Questionnaire then in effect for the delivery of notices that may contain material non-public information relating to the Borrowers). 
 Notices and other communications sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received notices and other communications sent by telecopier shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient). Notices and other communications delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in subsection (b) below shall be effective as provided in such subsection (b). 
 (hh) Electronic Communications . Notices and other communications to the Lenders and the LC Issuer hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail, FpML messaging, and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent, provided , that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender or the LC Issuer pursuant to Article II if such Lender or the LC Issuer, as applicable, has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article II by electronic communication. The Administrative Agent or the Lead Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it, provided , that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgment from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgment), provided , that if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient, and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause 
 158 
 11238955v22 11516251 

(i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor provided , that for both clauses (i) and (ii), if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice, email or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient. 
 (ii) The Platform . THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall the Agents or any of their Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties have any liability to any Loan Party, any Lender, the LC Issuer or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Loan Parties or the Administrative Agent s transmission of Borrower Materials or notices through the Platform, any other electronic platform or electronic messaging service, or through the Internet, except to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence, willful misconduct or breach in bad faith of such Agent Party provided , however , that in no event shall any Agent Party have any liability to any Loan Party, any Lender, the LC Issuer or any other Person for indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages). 
 (jjj) Change of Address, Etc . Each of the Loan Parties, the Agents, the LC Issuer and the Swing Line Lender may change its address, telecopier or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. Each other Lender may change its address, telecopier or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the Lead Borrower, the Agents, the LC Issuer and the Swing Line Lender. In addition, each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent from time to time to ensure that the Administrative Agent has on record (i) an effective address, contact name, telephone number, telecopier number and electronic mail address to which notices and other communications may be sent and (ii) accurate wire instructions for such Lender. Furthermore, each Public Lender agrees to cause at least one individual at or on behalf of such Public Lender to at all times have selected the Private Side Information or similar designation on the content declaration screen of the Platform in order to enable such Public Lender or its delegate, in accordance with such Public Lender s compliance procedures and applicable Law, including United States Federal and state securities Laws, to make reference to Borrower Materials that are not made available through the Public Side Information portion of the Platform and that may contain material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States Federal or state securities laws. 
 (kk) Reliance by Agents, LC Issuer and Lenders . The Agents, the LC Issuer and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices (including telephonic Committed Loan Notices and Swing Line Loan Notices) purportedly given by or on behalf of the Loan Parties even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. The Loan Parties shall indemnify the Agents, the LC Issuer, each Lender and the Related Parties of each of them from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such 
 159 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of the Loan Parties, except to the extent resulting from the gross negligence, willful misconduct or breach in bad faith of such Person as determined by a final and nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with the Agents may be recorded by the Agents, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording. 
 No Waiver Cumulative Remedies Enforcement . No failure by any Credit Party to exercise, and no delay by any such Person in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided herein and in the other Loan Documents are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan or issuance of a Letter of Credit shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default, regardless of whether any Credit Party may have had notice or knowledge of such Default at the time. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the authority to enforce rights and remedies hereunder and under the other Loan Documents against the Loan Parties or any of them shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at law in connection with such enforcement shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent in accordance with, as applicable, Section 8.02 , the Security Agreement and the other Loan Documents for the benefit of all the Credit Parties provided , however , that the foregoing shall not prohibit (a) each of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent from exercising on its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (b) the LC Issuer or the Swing Line Lender from exercising the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as LC Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as the case may be) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (c) any Lender from exercising setoff rights in accordance with Section 10.08 (subject to the terms of Section 2.13 ), or (d) any Lender from filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing pleadings on its own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding relative to any Loan Party under any Debtor Relief Law and provided , further , that if at any time there is no Person acting as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, then (i) the Required Lenders shall have the rights otherwise ascribed to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as the case may be, pursuant to Section 8.02 , the Security Agreement or the other Loan Documents and (ii) in addition to the matters set forth in clauses (b), (c) and (d) of the preceding proviso and subject to Section 2.14 , any Lender may, with the consent of the Required Lenders, enforce any rights and remedies available to it and as authorized by the Required Lenders. 
 Expenses Indemnity Damage Waiver. 
 (ll) Costs and Expenses . Subject to certain terms contained in the Fee Letters with respect to the parties to such Fee Letters, the Borrowers shall pay all Credit Party Expenses. 
 (mm) Indemnification by the Loan Parties . The Loan Parties shall indemnify the Agents (and any sub-agent thereof), each other Credit Party, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless (on an after tax basis) from, any and all losses, claims, causes of action, damages, liabilities, settlement payments, costs, and related expenses (including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of one primary counsel to the Administrative Agent, one primary counsel to the other Indemnitees taken as a whole, and if necessary, one local counsel in each relevant 
 160 
 11238955v22 11516251 

jurisdiction, one specialty counsel for each relevant specialty and one or more additional counsel if one or more conflicts of interest, or perceived conflicts of interest, arise (which shall be limited to one counsel for each group of similar affected Indemnitees)) counsel) , incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any third party or by any Borrower or any other Loan Party arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or, in the case of the Agents (and any sub-agents thereof) and their Related Parties only, the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by the LC Issuer to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, (iv) any claims of, or amounts paid by any Credit Party to, a Blocked Account Bank or securities intermediary or other Person which has entered into a control agreement with any Credit Party hereunder, or (v) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by any Borrower or any other Loan Party or any of the Loan Parties directors, shareholders or creditors, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto, IN ALL CASES, WHETHER OR NOT CAUSED BY OR ARISING, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, OUT OF THE COMPARATIVE, CONTRIBUTORY OR SOLE NEGLIGENCE OF THE INDEMNITEE provided , that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from either (A) the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or breach in bad faith by such Indemnitee of its obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or (B) a dispute solely among Indemnitees (other than any claims against any Indemnitee in its capacity as the Administrative Agent or any similar role under the Loan Documents) and not arising out of any act or omission of the Lead Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates. Without limitation of Section 3.01(c), this Section 10.04(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims or damages arising from any non-Tax claim. 
 (nn) Reimbursement by Lenders . Without limiting the Lenders obligations under Section 9.14 , hereof, to the extent that the Loan Parties for any reason fail to indefeasibly pay any amount required under subsection (a) or (b) of this Section 10.04 to be paid by it to any Agent (or any sub-agent thereof), the LC Issuer, the Swing Line Lender or any Related Party of any of the foregoing, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), the LC Issuer, the Swing Line Lender or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Facilities (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount, provided , that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Agents (or any such sub-agent) or the LC Issuer or the Swing Line Lender in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the Agents (or any such sub-agent) or LC Issuer or Swing Line Lender in connection with such capacity. The obligations of the Lenders under this subsection (c) are subject to the provisions of Section 2.12(d) . 
 (oo) Waiver of Consequential Damages, Etc. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, the Loan Parties shall not assert, and hereby waive, any claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this 
 161 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof. No Indemnitee shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed to such unintended recipients by such Indemnitee through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby other than for direct or actual damages resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct or breach in bad faith of such Indemnitee as determined by a final and nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. 
 (pp) Payments . All amounts due under this Section 10.04 shall be payable no later than three (3) Business Days after demand therefor. 
 (qq) Survival . The agreements in this Section 10.04 shall survive the resignation of any Agent, the Swing Line Lender, and the LC Issuer, the assignment of any Commitment or Loan by any Lender, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Secured Obligations. 
 Payments Set Aside . To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Loan Parties is made to any Credit Party, or any Credit Party exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by such Credit Party in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender and the LC Issuer severally agrees to pay to the Agents upon demand its Pro Rata share of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the Agents, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. The obligations of the Lenders and the LC Issuer under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall survive the payment in full of the Secured Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 
 Successors and Assigns. 
 (rr) Successors and Assigns Generally . The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that no Loan Party may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the prior written Consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an Eligible Assignee in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.06(b) , (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of subsection Section 10.06(d) , or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of Section 10.06(e) (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in subsection (d) of this Section 10.06 and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Credit Parties) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 (ss) Assignments by Lenders . Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement 
 162 
 11238955v22 11516251 

(including all or a portion of its Commitment(s) and the Loans (including for purposes of this Section 10.06(b) , participations in LC Obligations and in Swing Line Loans) at the time owing to it provided , that any such assignment shall be subject to the following conditions 
 (i) Minimum Amounts . 
 (A) in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it or in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender, no minimum amount need be assigned and 
 (B) in any case not described in subsection (b)(i)(A) of this Section, the aggregate amount of the Commitment (which for this purpose includes Loans outstanding thereunder) or, if the Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment, determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if Trade Date is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date, shall not be less than 5,000,000 unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Lead Borrower otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) provided , however , that the Lead Borrower shall in all events be notified of an assignment (regardless of whether a Default or an Event of Default has occurred) and 
 (C) after giving effect to any such assignment, the aggregate amount of the remaining Commitment (which for this purpose includes Loans outstanding thereunder) or, if the Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Loans by the assigning Lender shall not be less than 5,000,000 unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Lead Borrower otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 
 (ii) Proportionate Amounts . Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Loans or the Commitment assigned, except that this clause (ii) shall not apply to the Swing Line Lender s rights and obligations in respect of Swing Line Loans 
 (iii) Required Consents . No consent to an assignment by a Lender shall be required for any assignment except to the extent required by subsection (b)(i)(B) and (b)(i)(C) of this Section and, in addition 
 (A) the consent of the Lead Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required unless (1) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment or (2) such assignment is to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender which is engaged in the ordinary course of its business in extending commercial loans provided, however, that the Lead Borrower shall be deemed to have consented if it has not responded within five (5) Business Days following any written request for such consent given pursuant to Section 10.02 and reserved and 
 (B) the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for assignments in 
 163 
 11238955v22 11516251 

respect of any Commitment if such assignment is to a Person that is not a Lender or an Affiliate of such Lender and 
 (C) the consent of the LC Issuer (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for any assignment in respect of any Revolving Credit Commitment and 
 (D) the consent of the Swing Line Lender (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for any assignment in respect of any Revolving Credit Commitment unless such assignment is to a Revolving Lender or an Affiliate of a Revolving Lender. 
 (iv) Assignment and Assumption . The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of 3,500, provided , however , that the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment. The assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire. 
 (v) No Assignment to Certain Persons . No such assignment shall be made (A) to any Borrower or any of the Borrowers Affiliates or Subsidiaries, (B) to any Defaulting Lender or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause (B) , or (C) to a natural Person (or a holding company investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of a natural Person). 
 (vi) Certain Additional Payments . In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent, the LC Issuer or any Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon) and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Loans and participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans in accordance with its Applicable Percentage of the Revolving Credit Facility. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable Law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. 
 Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to subsection (c) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the Eligible Assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall 
 164 
 11238955v22 11516251 

cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Section 3.01 , Section 3.04 , Section 3.05 , and Section 10.04 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment provided , that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no assignment by a Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. Upon request, the Borrowers (at their expense) shall execute and deliver a Note to the assignee Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this subsection shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with Section 10.06(d) . 
 (tt) Register . The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrowers (and such agency being solely for tax purposes), shall maintain at the Administrative Agent s Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it (or the equivalent thereof in electronic form) and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts (and stated interest) of the Loans and LC Obligations owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, absent manifest error, and the Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Lead Borrower and any Lender at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
 (uu) Participations . Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Loan Parties or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural person, or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of a natural person, a Defaulting Lender or the Loan Parties or any of the Loan Parties Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and or the Loans (including such Lender s participations in LC Obligations and or Swing Line Loans) owing to it) provided , that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Loan Parties, the Agents, the Lenders and the LC Issuer shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any Participant shall agree in writing to comply with all confidentiality obligations set forth in Section 10.07 as if such Participant was a Lender hereunder. For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender shall be responsible for the indemnity under Section 10.04(c) without regard to the existence of any participation. 
 Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement provided , that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in the first proviso to Section 10.01 that affects such Participant. The Loan Parties agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 3.01 , Section 3.04 and Section 3.05 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to subsection (b) of this Section (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 3.01(e) shall be delivered to the Lender who sells the participation) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section provided , that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Section 3.06 and Section 10.13 as if it were an assignee under 
 165 
 11238955v22 11516251 

paragraph (b) of this Section and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 3.01 or Section 3.04 , with respect to any participation, than the Lender from whom it acquired the applicable participation would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Lead Borrower s request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrowers to effectuate the provisions of Section 3.06 with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 10.08 as though it were a Lender provided , that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.13 as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrowers, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register provided , that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 (vv) Certain Pledges . Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including under its Note, if any) to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank, any central bank or any other funding source provided , that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
 (ww) Electronic Execution of Assignments . The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in any Assignment and Assumption shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, provided , that notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary the Administrative Agent is under no obligation to agree to accept electronic signatures in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by the Administrative Agent pursuant to procedures approved by it. 
 (xx) Resignation as LC Issuer or Swing Line Lender after Assignment . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if at any time Bank of America assigns all of its Commitment and Loans pursuant to subsection (b) above, Bank of America may, (i) upon 30 days notice to the Lead Borrower and the Lenders, resign as LC Issuer and or (ii) upon 30 days notice to the Lead Borrower, resign as Swing Line Lender. In the event of any such resignation as LC Issuer or Swing Line Lender, the Lead Borrower shall be entitled to appoint from among the Lenders a successor LC Issuer or Swing Line Lender hereunder provided , however , that no failure by the Lead Borrower to appoint any such successor shall affect the resignation of Bank of America as LC Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as the case may be. If Bank of America resigns as LC Issuer, it shall retain all the rights, powers, privileges and 
 166 
 11238955v22 11516251 

duties of the LC Issuer hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as LC Issuer and all LC Obligations with respect thereto (including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans or fund risk participations in Unreimbursed Amounts pursuant to Section 2.03(c) ). If Bank of America resigns as Swing Line Lender, it shall retain all the rights of the Swing Line Lender provided for hereunder with respect to Swing Line Loans made by it and outstanding as of the effective date of such resignation, including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans or fund risk participations in outstanding Swing Line Loans pursuant to Section 2.04(c) . Upon the appointment of a successor LC Issuer and or Swing Line Lender, (a) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring LC Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as the case may be, and (b) the successor LC Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to Bank of America to effectively assume the obligations of Bank of America with respect to such Letters of Credit. 
 Treatment of Certain Information Confidentiality . Each of the Credit Parties agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates and to its Related Parties (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent required or requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over it (including any Federal Reserve Bank, any central bank or any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by applicable Laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, provided , that if lawful and practicable to do so under the circumstances, the Lead Borrower is given (with reasonable promptness) prior written notice of the request for production of such Information, except for Information provided to regulators in the ordinary course of bank regulatory oversight, (d) to any other party hereto, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to any Loan Party and its obligations, (g) on a confidential basis to (i) any rating agency in connection with rating the Lead Borrower or its Subsidiaries or the credit facilities provided hereunder or (ii) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of CUSIP numbers or other market identifiers with respect to the credit facilities provided hereunder, (h) with the consent of the Lead Borrower or (i) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (y) becomes available to any Credit Party or any of their respective Affiliates on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Loan Parties. In addition, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement and information about this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry and service providers to the Agents and the Lenders in connection with the administration of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and the Commitments. 
 For purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from the Loan Parties or any Subsidiary thereof relating to the Loan Parties or any Subsidiary thereof or their respective businesses, other than any such information that is available to any Credit Party on a non-confidential basis prior to disclosure by the Loan Parties or any Subsidiary thereof, provided , that in the case of information received from any Loan Party or any Subsidiary after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same 
 167 
 11238955v22 11516251 

degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 
 Each of the Credit Parties acknowledges that (a) the Information may include material non-public information concerning the Loan Parties or a Subsidiary, as the case may be, (b) it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of material non-public information and (c) it will handle such material non-public information in accordance with applicable Law, including Federal and state securities Laws. 
 Right of Setoff . If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or if any Lender shall have been served with a trustee process or similar attachment relating to property of a Loan Party, each Lender, the LC Issuer and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, after obtaining the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency, but excluding deposits in Excluded Accounts) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Lender, the LC Issuer or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrowers or any other Loan Party against any and all of the Secured Obligations now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Lender or the LC Issuer, regardless of the adequacy of the Collateral, and irrespective of whether or not such Lender or the LC Issuer shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations of the Borrowers or such Loan Party may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch or office of such Lender or the LC Issuer different from the branch or office holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness provided , that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.17 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the LC Issuer and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Lender, the LC Issuer and their respective Affiliates under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender, the LC Issuer or their respective Affiliates may have. Each Lender and the LC Issuer agrees to notify the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application, provided , that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. 
 Interest Rate Limitation . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by applicable Law (the Maximum Rate ). If the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Borrowers. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by the Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder. 
 Counterparts Integration Effectiveness Electronic Signatures . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single 
 168 
 11238955v22 11516251 

contract. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01 , this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Agents and when the Agents shall have received counterparts hereof that, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto. This Agreement, any Loan Document and any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice, certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to any Loan Document (each a Communication ), including Communications required to be in writing, may be in the form of an Electronic Record and may be executed using Electronic Signatures. Each of the Loan Parties, the Agents and each of the Credit Parties agrees that any Electronic Signature on or associated with any Communication shall be valid and binding on such Person to the same extent as a manual, original signature, and that any Communication entered into by Electronic Signature, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person enforceable against such in accordance with the terms thereof to the same extent as if a manually executed original signature was delivered. Any Communication may be executed in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both paper and electronic counterparts, but all such counterparts are one and the same Communication. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format), or an electronically signed Communication converted into another format, for transmission, delivery and or retention. The Agents and each of the Secured Parties may, at its option, create one or more copies of any Communication in the form of an imaged Electronic Record Electronic Copy ), which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of the such Person s business, and destroy the original paper document. All Communications in the form of an Electronic Record, including an Electronic Copy, shall be considered an original for all purposes, and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, neither the Agents, the L C Issuer nor Swingline Lender is under any obligation to accept an Electronic Signature in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by such Person pursuant to procedures approved by it provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (a) to the extent the Agents, the L C Issuer and or Swing Line Lender has agreed to accept such Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Secured Parties shall be entitled to rely on any such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of any Loan Party and or Credit Party without further verification and (b) upon the request of the Agents or any Lender, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by such manually executed (wet ink signature) counterpart. For purposes hereof, Electronic Record and Electronic Signature shall have the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by 15 USC 7006, as it may be amended from time to time. 
 Neither the Agents, the L C Issuer nor Swing Line Lender shall be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into the sufficiency, validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Agents , the L C Issuer s or Swing Line Lender s reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed .pdf or any other electronic means). The Agents, the L C Issuer and Swing Line Lender shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by acting upon, any Communication (which writing may be a fax, any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution or signed using an Electronic Signature) or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise authenticated (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set forth in the Loan Documents for being the maker thereof). 
 Each of the Loan Parties and each Credit Party hereby waives (i) any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan 
 169 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Document and or any Ancillary Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document and or such Ancillary Document, and (ii) waives any claim against each Agent, each Credit Party and each Related Party for any liabilities arising solely from any Agent s and or any Credit Party s reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures, including any liabilities arising as a result of the failure of the Loan Parties to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature. 
 Survival . All representations and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof. Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by the Credit Parties, regardless of any investigation made by any Credit Party or on their behalf and notwithstanding that any Credit Party may have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of any Credit Extension, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Loan or any other Secured Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding. Further, the provisions of Section 3.01 , Section 3.04 , Section 3.05 and Section 10.04 and Article IX shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the repayment of the Secured Obligations, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof. In connection with the termination of this Agreement and the release and termination of the security interests in the Collateral, the Agents may require such indemnities and collateral security as they shall reasonably deem necessary or appropriate to protect the Credit Parties against (x) loss on account of credits previously applied to the Secured Obligations that may subsequently be reversed or revoked, and (y) any obligations that may thereafter arise with respect to or under Section 10.04 hereof. 
 Severability . If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this Section 10.12 , if and to the extent that the enforceability of any provisions in this Agreement relating to Defaulting Lenders shall be limited by Debtor Relief Laws, as determined in good faith by the Administrative Agent, the LC Issuer or the Swing Line Lender, as applicable, then such provisions shall be deemed to be in effect only to the extent not so limited. 
 Replacement of Lenders . If the Borrowers are entitled to replace a Lender pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.06 , or if any Lender is a Defaulting Lender or a Non-Consenting Lender, or if any other circumstance exists hereunder that expressly gives the Borrowers the right to replace a Lender as a party hereto, then the Borrowers may, at their sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 10.06 ), all of its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Section 3.01 and Section 3.04 and obligations under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment), provided , that 
 (yy) the Borrowers shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the assignment fee specified in Section 10.06(b) 
 170 
 11238955v22 11516251 

(zz) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and LC Advances, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees (other than for the avoidance of doubt, prepayment premiums) and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including any amounts under Section 3.05 from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrowers (in the case of all other amounts)) 
 (aaa) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 3.04 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 3.01 , such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter 
 (bbb) such assignment does not conflict with applicable Laws and 
 (ccc) in the case of an assignment resulting from a Lender becoming a Non-Consenting Lender, the applicable assignee shall have consented to the applicable amendment, waiver or consent. 
 A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrowers to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 
 Governing Law Jurisdiction Etc. 
 (ddd) GOVERNING LAW . THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (EXCEPT FOR THE CONFLICT OF LAWS RULES THEREOF, BUT INCLUDING GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402). 
 (eee) SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION . EACH LOAN PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY, TO THE NONEXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, OR FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT, AND EACH LOAN PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH LOAN PARTY AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT ANY CREDIT PARTY MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST ANY LOAN PARTY OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION. 
 (fff) WAIVER OF VENUE . EACH LOAN PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN ANY 
 171 
 11238955v22 11516251 

COURT REFERRED TO IN SECTION 10.14(b) . EACH LOAN PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT. 
 (ggg) SERVICE OF PROCESS . EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN SECTION 10.02 . NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. 
 (hhh) ACTIONS COMMENCED BY LOAN PARTIES . EACH LOAN PARTY AGREES THAT ANY ACTION COMMENCED BY ANY LOAN PARTY ASSERTING ANY CLAIM OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL BE BROUGHT SOLELY IN A COURT OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY OR THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK AS THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT MAY ELECT IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION AND CONSENTS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUCH ACTION. 
 Waiver of Jury Trial . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 10.15 . 
 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby, the Loan Parties each acknowledge and agree that (i) the credit facility provided for hereunder and any related arranging or other services in connection therewith (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document) are an arm s-length commercial transaction between the Loan Parties, on the one hand, and the Credit Parties, on the other hand, and each of the Loan Parties is capable of evaluating and understanding and understands and accepts the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents (including any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or thereof) (ii) in connection with the process leading to such transaction, except as otherwise agreed by the Lead Borrower and any Credit Party in writing, each Credit Party is and has been acting solely as a principal and is not the financial advisor, agent or fiduciary, for the Loan Parties or any of their respective Affiliates, stockholders, creditors or employees or any other Person (iii) unless otherwise agreed by the Lead Borrower and any Credit Party in writing, none of the Credit Parties has assumed or will assume an advisory responsibility in favor of the Loan Parties with respect to any of the transactions contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto, including with respect to any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document (irrespective of whether any of the Credit Parties has advised or is currently advising any Loan Party or any of its 
 172 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Affiliates on other matters) and none of the Credit Parties has any obligation to any Loan Party or any of its Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents (iv) no Credit Party has assumed or will assume an agency responsibility (except as may otherwise be agreed in writing by the Lead Borrower and any Credit Party) or fiduciary responsibility in any Loan Party s or its Affiliates favor with respect to any of the transactions contemplated hereby (including with respect to any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document) or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether any Credit Party has advised or is currently advising you or your affiliates on other matters) (v) the Credit Parties and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates, and none of the Credit Parties has any obligation to disclose any of such interests by virtue of any advisory, agency or fiduciary relationship and (vi) the Credit Parties have not provided and will not provide any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to any of the transactions contemplated hereby (including any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document) and each of the Loan Parties has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate. Each of the Loan Parties hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that it may have against each of the Credit Parties with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency (except for any agency responsibilities otherwise agreed by the Lead Borrower and any Credit Party in writing) or fiduciary duty. 
 USA PATRIOT Act Notice . Each Lender that is subject to the Patriot Act and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the Loan Parties that pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of each Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify each Loan Party in accordance with the Patriot Act. Each Loan Party shall, promptly following a request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, provide all documentation and other information that the Administrative Agent or such Lender reasonably requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Act. 
 Foreign Assets Control Regulations . Neither of the advance of the Loans nor the use of the proceeds of any thereof will violate the Trading With the Enemy Act (50 U.S.C. 1 et seq., as amended) (the Trading With the Enemy Act or any of the foreign assets control regulations of the United States Treasury Department (31 CFR, Subtitle B, Chapter V, as amended) (the Foreign Assets Control Regulations or any enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto (which for the avoidance of doubt shall include, but shall not be limited to (a) Executive Order 13224 of September 21, 2001 Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions With Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism (66 Fed. Reg. 49079 (2001)) (the Executive Order and (b) the Patriot Act. Furthermore, none of the Borrowers or their Affiliates (a) is or will become a blocked person as described in the Executive Order, the Trading With the Enemy Act or the Foreign Assets Control Regulations or (b) engages or will engage in any dealings or transactions, or be otherwise associated, with any such blocked person or in any manner violative of any such order. 
 Time of the Essence . Time is of the essence of the Loan Documents. 
 Press Releases. Subject to prior notification and consent by the Lead Borrower (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld) to the form of advertising materials to be used from time to time, the Administrative Agent and any Lender shall be permitted to use a Loan Party s name, product photographs, logo or trademark in any advertising material relating to the financing transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Administrative Agent or such 
 173 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Lender shall provide a draft of any advertising material to the Lead Borrower for review and comment reasonably prior to the initial publication thereof. The Administrative Agent reserves the right to provide to industry trade organizations information necessary and customary for inclusion in league table measurements. 
 Additional Waivers Keepwell. 
 (a) The Secured Obligations are the joint and several obligation of each Loan Party. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, the Secured Obligations of each Loan Party shall not be affected by (i) the failure of any Credit Party to assert any claim or demand or to enforce or exercise any right or remedy against any other Loan Party under the provisions of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or otherwise, (ii) any rescission, waiver, amendment or modification of, or any release from any of the terms or provisions of, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or (iii) the failure to perfect any security interest in, or the release of, any of the Collateral or other security held by or on behalf of the Collateral Agent or any other Credit Party. 
 (b) The obligations of each Loan Party shall not be subject to any reduction, limitation, impairment or termination for any reason (other than the indefeasible payment in full in cash of the Secured Obligations after the termination of the Commitments), including any claim of waiver, release, surrender, alteration or compromise of any of the Secured Obligations, and shall not be subject to any defense or setoff, counterclaim, recoupment or termination whatsoever by reason of the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of any of the Secured Obligations or otherwise. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the obligations of each Loan Party hereunder shall not be discharged or impaired or otherwise affected by the failure of any Agent or any other Credit Party to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any remedy under this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, by any waiver or modification of any provision of any thereof, any default, failure or delay, willful or otherwise, in the performance of any of the Secured Obligations, or by any other act or omission that may or might in any manner or to any extent vary the risk of any Loan Party or that would otherwise operate as a discharge of any Loan Party as a matter of law or equity (other than the indefeasible payment in full in cash of all the Secured Obligations after the termination of the Commitments). 
 (c) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, each Loan Party waives any defense based on or arising out of any defense of any other Loan Party or the unenforceability of the Secured Obligations or any part thereof from any cause, or the cessation from any cause of the liability of any other Loan Party, other than the indefeasible payment in full in cash of all the Secured Obligations and the termination of the Commitments. The Collateral Agent and the other Credit Parties may, at their election, foreclose on any security held by one or more of them by one or more judicial or non-judicial sales, accept an assignment of any such security in lieu of foreclosure, compromise or adjust any part of the Secured Obligations, make any other accommodation with any other Loan Party, or exercise any other right or remedy available to them against any other Loan Party, without affecting or impairing in any way the liability of any Loan Party hereunder except to the extent that all the Secured Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full in cash and the Commitments have been terminated. Each Loan Party waives any defense arising out of any such election even though such election operates, pursuant to applicable Law, to impair or to extinguish any right of reimbursement or subrogation or other right or remedy of such Loan Party against any other Loan Party, as the case may be, or any security. 
 (d) Each Borrower is obligated to repay the Secured Obligations as joint and several obligors under this Agreement. Upon payment by any Loan Party of any Secured Obligations, all rights of such Loan Party against any other Loan Party arising as a result thereof 
 174 
 11238955v22 11516251 

by way of right of subrogation, contribution, reimbursement, indemnity or otherwise shall in all respects be subordinate and junior in right of payment to the prior indefeasible payment in full in cash of all the Secured Obligations and the termination of the Commitments. In addition, any indebtedness of any Loan Party now or hereafter held by any other Loan Party is hereby subordinated in right of payment to the prior indefeasible payment in full of the Secured Obligations and no Loan Party will demand, sue for or otherwise attempt to collect any such indebtedness. If any amount shall erroneously be paid to any Loan Party on account of (i) such subrogation, contribution, reimbursement, indemnity or similar right or (ii) any such indebtedness of any Loan Party, such amount shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Credit Parties and shall forthwith be paid to the Administrative Agent to be credited against the payment of the Secured Obligations, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Subject to the foregoing, to the extent that any Borrower shall, under this Agreement as a joint and several obligor, repay any of the Secured Obligations constituting Committed Loans made to another Borrower hereunder or other Secured Obligations incurred directly and primarily by any other Borrower (an Accommodation Payment ), then the Borrower making such Accommodation Payment shall be entitled to contribution and indemnification from, and be reimbursed by, each of the other Borrowers in an amount, for each of such other Borrowers, equal to a fraction of such Accommodation Payment, the numerator of which fraction is such other Borrower s Allocable Amount and the denominator of which is the sum of the Allocable Amounts of all of the Borrowers. As of any date of determination, the Allocable Amount of each Borrower shall be equal to the maximum amount of liability for Accommodation Payments which could be asserted against such Borrower hereunder without (a) rendering such Borrower insolvent within the meaning of Section 101 (31) of the Bankruptcy Code, Section 2 of the Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act UFTA or Section 2 of the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act UFCA ), (b) leaving such Borrower with unreasonably small capital or assets, within the meaning of Section 548 of the Bankruptcy Code, Section 4 of the UFTA, or Section 5 of the UFCA, or (c) leaving such Borrower unable to pay its debts as they become due within the meaning of Section 548 of the Bankruptcy Code or Section 4 of the UFTA, or Section 5 of the UFCA. 
 (e) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, or of any other waiver or other provision set forth in this Agreement, each Loan Party hereby absolutely, knowingly, unconditionally, and expressly waives any and all claim, defense or benefit arising directly or indirectly under any one or more of Sections 2787 to 2855 inclusive of the California Civil Code or any similar law of California. 
 (f) Each Loan Party that is a Qualified ECP Guarantor at the time the Guarantee or the grant of the security interest under the Loan Documents, in each case, by any Specified Loan Party, becomes effective with respect to any Swap Obligation, hereby jointly and severally, absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes to provide such funds or other support to each Specified Loan Party with respect to such Swap Obligation as may be needed by such Specified Loan Party from time to time to honor all of its obligations under its Guarantee and the other Loan Documents in respect of such Swap Obligation (but, in each case, only up to the maximum amount of such liability that can be hereby incurred without rendering such Qualified ECP Guarantor s obligations and undertakings under this Section 10.21(f) voidable under applicable law relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer, and not for any greater amount). The obligations and undertakings of each Qualified ECP Guarantor under this Section shall remain in full force and effect until the Obligations have been indefeasibly paid and performed in full. Each Qualified ECP Guarantor intends this Section to constitute, and this Section shall be deemed to constitute, a guarantee of the obligations of, and a keepwell, support, or other agreement for the benefit of, each Specified Loan Party for all purposes of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 175 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Qualified ECP Guarantor shall mean, at any time, each Loan Party with total assets exceeding 10,000,000 or that qualifies at such time as an eligible contract participant under the Commodity Exchange Act and can cause another person to qualify as an eligible contract participant at such time under 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 Specified Loan Party means any Loan Party that is not an eligible contract participant under the Commodity Exchange Act (determined prior to giving effect to Section 10.21(f) . 
 No Strict Construction. The parties hereto have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. In the event an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties hereto and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any provisions of this Agreement. 
 Attachments. The exhibits, schedules and annexes attached to this Agreement are incorporated herein and shall be considered a part of this Agreement for the purposes stated herein, except that in the event of any conflict between any of the provisions of such exhibits and the provisions of this Agreement, the provisions of this Agreement shall prevail. 
 Copies and Facsimiles . This Agreement and all other documents (including, without limitation, the Loan Documents) which have been or may be hereinafter furnished by any Loan Party to any Agent or any Lender may be reproduced by such Agent or such Lender by any photographic, microfilm, xerographic, digital imaging, or other process. Any such reproduction shall be admissible in evidence as the original itself in any judicial or administrative proceeding (whether or not the original is in existence and whether or not such reproduction was made in the regular course of business). Any facsimile which bears proof of transmission shall be binding on the party which or on whose behalf such transmission was initiated and likewise so admissible in evidence as if the original of such facsimile had been delivered to the party which or on whose behalf such transmission was received. 
 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions . Solely to the extent any Lender or LC Issuer that is an EEA Financial Institution is a party to this Agreement and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Lender or LC Issuer that is an EEA Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of an EEA Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by 
 (e) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an EEA Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any Lender or LC Issuer that is an EEA Financial Institution and 
 (f) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable 
 (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability 
 (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such EEA Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or 
 176 
 11238955v22 11516251 

(iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of any EEA Resolution Authority. 
 GUARANTY 
 Guaranty. Each Guarantor hereby agrees that it is jointly and severally liable for, and, as primary obligor and not merely as surety, and absolutely and unconditionally guarantees to the Lenders the prompt payment when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, and at all times thereafter, of the Secured Obligations (collectively the Guaranteed Obligations , provided , that Guaranteed Obligations shall exclude any Excluded Swap Obligations). Each Guarantor further agrees that the Guaranteed Obligations may be extended or renewed in whole or in part without notice to or further assent from it, and that it remains bound upon its guarantee notwithstanding any such extension or renewal. 
 Guaranty of Payment. This Facility Guaranty is a guaranty of payment and not of collection. Each Guarantor waives any right to require any Agent, any LC Issuer or any Lender to sue any Borrower, any Guarantor, any other guarantor, or any other Person obligated for all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations (each, an Obligated Party ), or otherwise to enforce its payment against any collateral securing all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations.No Discharge or Diminishment of Facility Guaranty. 
 (a) Except as otherwise provided for herein, the obligations of each Guarantor hereunder are unconditional and absolute and not subject to any reduction, limitation, impairment or termination for any reason (other than the Guaranteed Obligations being Fully Satisfied), including (i) any claim of waiver, release, extension, renewal, settlement, surrender, alteration, or compromise of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, by operation of law or otherwise (ii) any change in the corporate existence, structure or ownership of any Borrower or any other guarantor of or other Person liable for any of the Guaranteed Obligations (iii) any insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization or other similar proceeding affecting any Obligated Party, or their assets or any resulting release or discharge of any obligation of any Obligated Party or (iv) the existence of any claim, setoff or other rights which any Guarantor may have at any time against any Obligated Party, any Agent, any LC Issuer, any Lender, or any other Person, whether in connection herewith or in any unrelated transactions. 
 (b) The obligations of each Guarantor hereunder are not subject to any defense or setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, or termination whatsoever by reason of the invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or otherwise, or any provision of applicable law or Regulation purporting to prohibit payment by any Obligated Party, of the Guaranteed Obligations or any part thereof. 
 Further, the obligations of any Guarantor hereunder are not discharged or impaired or otherwise affected by (i) the failure of any Agent, any LC Issuer or any Lender to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any remedy with respect to all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations (ii) any waiver or modification of or supplement to any provision of any agreement relating to the Guaranteed Obligations (iii) any release, non-perfection, or invalidity of any indirect or direct security for the obligations of each Borrower for all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations or any obligations of any other guarantor of or other Person liable for any of the Guaranteed Obligations (iv) any action or failure to act by any Agent, any LC Issuer or any Lender with respect to any collateral securing any part of the Guaranteed Obligations or (v) any default, failure or delay, willful or otherwise, in the payment or performance of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, or any other circumstance, act, omission or delay that might in any manner or to any extent vary the risk of such Guarantor or that would otherwise operate as a 
 177 
 11238955v22 11516251 

discharge of any Guarantor as a matter of law or equity (other than the Secured Obligations being Fully Satisfied). 
 Defenses Waived. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each Guarantor hereby waives any defense based on or arising out of any defense of any Borrower or any Guarantor or the unenforceability of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations from any cause, or the cessation from any cause of the liability of any Borrower or any Guarantor, other than the Guaranteed Obligations being Fully Satisfied. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Guarantor irrevocably waives acceptance hereof, presentment, demand, protest and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any notice not provided for herein, as well as any requirement that at any time any action be taken by any Person against any Obligated Party, or any other Person. The Agent may, at its election, foreclose on any Collateral held by it by one or more judicial or nonjudicial sales, accept an assignment of any such Collateral in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise act or fail to act with respect to any collateral securing all or a part of the Guaranteed Obligations, compromise or adjust any part of the Guaranteed Obligations, make any other accommodation with any Obligated Party or exercise any other right or remedy available to it against any Obligated Party, without affecting or impairing in any way the liability of such Guarantor under this Facility Guaranty except to the extent the Guaranteed Obligations have been fully and indefeasibly paid in cash. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each Guarantor waives any defense arising out of any such election even though that election may operate, pursuant to applicable law, to impair or extinguish any right of reimbursement or subrogation or other right or remedy of any Guarantor against any Obligated Party or any security. 
 Rights of Subrogation. No Guarantor will assert any right, claim or cause of action, including, without limitation, a claim of subrogation, contribution or indemnification that it has against any Obligated Party, or any collateral, until the Loan Parties and the Guarantors have fully performed all their obligations to the Agents, the LC Issuers and the Lenders. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Facility Guaranty or any other Loan Document, no Guarantor may exercise any rights of subrogation, contribution, indemnity, reimbursement or other similar rights against, and may not proceed to seek recourse against or with respect to any property or asset of, any other Guarantor (any such Guarantor, a Foreclosed Guarantor or any Subsidiary of any Foreclosed Guarantor, including after the Termination Date, if all or any portion of the Guaranteed Obligations have been satisfied in connection with an exercise of remedies in respect of the Equity Interests of any such Foreclosed Guarantor which Equity Interests constitutes Collateral, whether pursuant to the Loan Documents or otherwise. 
 Reinstatement Stay of Acceleration. If at any time any payment of any portion of the Guaranteed Obligations is rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, or reorganization of any Borrower or otherwise, each Guarantor s obligations under this Facility Guaranty with respect to that payment shall be reinstated at such time as though the payment had not been made. If acceleration of the time for payment of any of the Guaranteed Obligations is stayed upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of any Borrower, all such amounts otherwise subject to acceleration under the terms of any agreement relating to the Guaranteed Obligations shall nonetheless be payable by the Guarantors forthwith on demand by the Lender. 
 Information. Each Guarantor assumes all responsibility for being and keeping itself informed of each Borrower s financial condition and assets, and of all other circumstances bearing upon the risk of nonpayment of the Guaranteed Obligations and the nature, scope and extent of the risks that each Guarantor assumes and incurs under this Facility Guaranty, and agrees that none of the Agents, any LC Issuer or any Lender shall have any duty to advise any Guarantor of information known to it regarding those circumstances or risks. 
 178 
 11238955v22 11516251 

Intentionally Omitted. 
 Maximum Liability. The provisions of this Facility Guaranty are severable, and in any action or proceeding involving any state corporate law, or any state, Federal or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other law affecting the rights of creditors generally, if the obligations of any Guarantor under this Facility Guaranty would otherwise be held or determined to be avoidable, invalid or unenforceable on account of the amount of such Guarantor s liability under this Facility Guaranty, then, notwithstanding any other provision of this Facility Guaranty to the contrary, the amount of such liability shall, without any further action by the Guarantors or the Lenders, be automatically limited and reduced to the highest amount that is valid and enforceable as determined in such action or proceeding (such highest amount determined hereunder being the relevant Guarantor s Maximum Liability ). This Section 11.09 with respect to the Maximum Liability of each Guarantor is intended solely to preserve the rights of the Lenders to the maximum extent not subject to avoidance under applicable law, and no Guarantor nor any other Person or entity shall have any right or claim under this Section with respect to such Maximum Liability, except to the extent necessary so that the obligations of any Guarantor hereunder shall not be rendered voidable under applicable law. Each Guarantor agrees that the Guaranteed Obligations may at any time and from time to time exceed the Maximum Liability of each Guarantor without impairing this Facility Guaranty or affecting the rights and remedies of the Lenders hereunder, provided , that nothing in this sentence shall be construed to increase any Guarantor s obligations hereunder beyond its Maximum Liability. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing contained in this Agreement (including any provisions of this Article XI to the contrary) shall limit the liability of the Borrowers in respect of all of the Secured Obligations. 
 Contribution. In the event any Guarantor (a Paying Guarantor shall make any payment or payments under this Facility Guaranty or shall suffer any loss as a result of any realization upon any collateral granted by it to secure its obligations under this Facility Guaranty, each other Guarantor (each a Non-Paying Guarantor shall contribute to such Paying Guarantor an amount equal to such Non-Paying Guarantor s Guarantor Percentage of such payment or payments made, or losses suffered, by such Paying Guarantor. For purposes of this Article XI , each Non-Paying Guarantor s Guarantor Percentage with respect to any such payment or loss by a Paying Guarantor shall be determined as of the date on which such payment or loss was made by reference to the ratio of (i) such Non-Paying Guarantor s Maximum Liability as of such date (without giving effect to any right to receive, or obligation to make, any contribution hereunder) or, if such Non-Paying Guarantor s Maximum Liability has not been determined, the aggregate amount of all monies received by such Non-Paying Guarantor from any Borrower after the date hereof (whether by loan, capital infusion or by other means) to (ii) the aggregate Maximum Liability of all Guarantors hereunder (including such Paying Guarantor) as of such date (without giving effect to any right to receive, or obligation to make, any contribution hereunder), or to the extent that a Maximum Liability has not been determined for any Guarantor, the aggregate amount of all monies received by such Guarantors from any Borrower after the date hereof (whether by loan, capital infusion or by other means). Nothing in this provision shall affect any Guarantor s several liability for the entire amount of the Guaranteed Obligations (up to such Guarantor s Maximum Liability). Each of the Guarantors covenants and agrees that its right to receive any contribution under this Facility Guaranty from a Non-Paying Guarantor shall be subordinate and junior in right of payment to the Guaranteed Obligations being Fully Satisfied. This provision is for the benefit of all of the Agents, the LC Issuer, the Lenders, the Borrowers and the Guarantors and may be enforced by any one, or more, or all of them in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 Liability Cumulative. The liability of each Loan Party as a Guarantor under this Article XI is in addition to and shall be cumulative with all liabilities of each Loan Party to the Agents, the LC Issuer and the Lenders under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to 
 179 
 11238955v22 11516251 

which such Loan Party is a party or in respect of any obligations or liabilities of the other Loan Parties, without any limitation as to amount, unless the instrument or agreement evidencing or creating such other liability specifically provides to the contrary. 
 11.12 Release of Guarantors and Borrowers . Notwithstanding anything in Section 10.01(g) to the contrary, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (i) a Guarantor or a Borrower that is a Subsidiary shall automatically be released from its obligations hereunder, its Facility Guaranty and each other applicable Loan Document upon the consummation of any transaction permitted hereunder as a result of which such Guarantor or Borrower ceases to be a Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower and (ii) if a Guarantor or Borrower is or becomes an Immaterial Subsidiary, and such release would not result in any Immaterial Subsidiary being required pursuant to Section 6.12(c) to become a Loan Party hereunder (except to the extent that on and as of the date of such release, one or more other Immaterial Subsidiaries become Guarantors or Borrowers hereunder and the provisions of Section 6.12(c) are satisfied upon giving effect to all such additions and releases), such Guarantor or Borrower shall be automatically released from its obligations hereunder, its Facility Guaranty and each other applicable Loan Document upon notification thereof from the Lead Borrower to the Agent. In connection with any such release, the Agent shall execute and deliver to any Guarantor or Borrower that is a Subsidiary, at such Guarantor s or Borrower s expense, all documents that such Guarantor or Borrower shall reasonably request to evidence termination or release. Any execution and delivery of documents pursuant to the preceding sentence of this Section 11.12 shall be without recourse to or warranty by the Agent. 
 1.04 Reserved . 
 Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. Solely to the extent any Lender or LC Issuer that is an Affected Financial Institution is a party to this Agreement and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Lender or LC Issuer that is an Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by 
 (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any Lender or LC Issuer that is an Affected Financial Institution and 
 (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable 
 (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability 
 (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or 
 180 
 11238955v22 11516251 

(iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 
 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs. To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for any Swap Contract or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support , and each such QFC, a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and or of the United States or any other state of the United States) 
 In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 
 As used in this Section 11.14 , the following terms have the following meanings 
 BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 
 Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 
 QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 
 
 Signature pages follow 
 181 
 11238955v22 11516251 

ANNEX II 
 
 Form of Compliance Certificate 
 
 See attached. 

EXHIBIT D 
 Form of Compliance Certificate 
 COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
 Date of Certificate ___________, 20____ 
 To Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent Ladies and Gentlemen 
 Reference is made to the Credit Agreement, dated as of August 3, 2015 (as amended, amended and restated, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified and in effect from time to time, the Credit Agreement by, among others, (i) Barnes & Noble Education, Inc., a Delaware corporation, as the lead borrower (in such capacity, the Lead Borrower for itself and the other Borrowers from time to time party thereto, (ii) the other Borrowers from time to time party thereto, (iii) the Guarantors from time to time party thereto, (iv) Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent and Swing Line Lender, (v) the Lenders from time to time party thereto, (vi) JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, and Truist Bank (successor by merger to SunTrust Bank), as Co-Syndication Agents and (vii) Citizens Bank, N.A. and Regions Bank, as Co-Documentation Agents. All capitalized terms used in this Compliance Certificate and not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meanings herein as in the Credit Agreement. 
 The undersigned, in her his capacity as a duly authorized and acting Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower, hereby certifies on behalf of the Lead Borrower and each of the other Loan Parties as of the date hereof the following 
 No Defaults or Events of Default . 
 Since __________ (the date of the last Compliance Certificate delivered pursuant to Section 6.02 of the Credit Agreement, or, in the case of the first Compliance Certificate delivered after the Closing Date, the Closing Date), and except as set forth in Appendix I , no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 
 If a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing since _________ (the date of the last Compliance Certificate delivered pursuant to Section 6.02 of the Credit Agreement, or, in the case of the first Compliance Certificate delivered after the Closing Date, the Closing Date), the Loan Parties have taken or propose to take those actions with respect to such Default or Event of Default as described on said Appendix I . 
 Financial Calculations and Covenant Compliance . 
 Since _______ __, _____ (the date of the last Compliance Certificate delivered pursuant to Section 6.02 of the Credit Agreement or, in the case of the first Compliance Certificate delivered after the Sixth Amendment Effective Date, the Sixth Amendment Effective Date), Availability has at all times equaled or exceeded the greater of (i) 10 of the Aggregate Loan Cap and (ii) the result of (x) 32,500,000 minus (y) the Covenant Reduction Amount. 
 Attached hereto as Appendix II are reasonably detailed calculations necessary to determine the minimum Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently completed Measurement Period and compliance with Section 7.15 of the Credit Agreement 1 
 Financial Statements . 
 
 1 To be included commencing on September 30, 2023. 
 D-1 

Use following paragraph for Fiscal Year-end financial statements, to the extent required to be delivered pursuant to the Credit Agreement 
 Attached hereto as Appendix III is the Consolidated balance sheet of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the Fiscal Year ending _______ ___, ____, together with the related Consolidated statements of income or operations, Shareholders Equity and cash flows for such Fiscal Year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous Fiscal Year, which such Consolidated statements have been audited and are accompanied by a report and unqualified opinion of a Registered Public Accounting Firm of nationally recognized standing, which report and opinion were prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and are not subject to any going concern or like qualification or exception or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit. 
 Use following paragraph for Fiscal Quarter-end financial statements, to the extent required to be delivered pursuant to the Credit Agreement 
 Attached hereto as Appendix III is the Consolidated balance sheet of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the Fiscal Quarter ending _______ ___, ____, together with the related Consolidated statements of income or operations, Shareholders Equity and cash flows for such Fiscal Quarter, and for the portion of the Lead Borrower s Fiscal Year then ended, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for (i) the corresponding Fiscal Quarter of the previous Fiscal Year (if available), and (ii) the corresponding portion of the previous Fiscal Year (if available). 
 Use following paragraph for Fiscal Month-end financial statements, to the extent required to be delivered pursuant to the Credit Agreement 
 Attached hereto as Appendix III is the Consolidated balance sheet of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the Fiscal Month ending _______ ___, ____, together with the related Consolidated statements of income or operations, Shareholders Equity and cash flows for such Fiscal Month, and for the portion of the Lead Borrower s Fiscal Year then ended, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for (i) the corresponding Fiscal Month of the previous Fiscal Year (if available), and (ii) the corresponding portion of the previous Fiscal Year (if available). 
 No Material Accounting Changes, Etc . 
 The financial statements furnished to the Administrative Agent for the Fiscal Year Fiscal Quarter Fiscal Month ending _______ ___, ____ fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, Shareholders Equity and cash flows of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries, as of the end of the period(s) covered, and were prepared in accordance with GAAP, subject only to, with respect to the quarterly and monthly financial statements, normal year end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes. 
 Except as set forth in Appendix IV , there has been no change in generally accepted accounting principles used in the preparation of the financial statements furnished to the Administrative Agent for the Fiscal Year Fiscal Quarter Fiscal Month ending _______ ___, ____. If any such change has occurred, a statement of reconciliation conforming such financial statements to GAAP is attached hereto in Appendix IV . 
 Management Discussion . Attached hereto as Appendix V is a discussion and analysis prepared by management of the Lead Borrower with respect to the financial statements delivered herewith. 
 Immaterial Subsidiaries . Attached hereto as Appendix VI is a list of each Immaterial Subsidiary and its jurisdiction of formation as of the Fiscal Year Fiscal Quarter Fiscal Month ending _______ ___, ____. As of the end 
 D-2 

of the most recent Fiscal Quarter for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or Section 6.01(b) of the Credit Agreement (1) the total assets of all Immaterial Subsidiaries, is less than five percent (5.0 of the Consolidated total assets of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries, (2) no Immaterial Subsidiary owns any (i) assets included in the Borrowing Base or (ii) any Material IP, and (3) the gross revenues of all Immaterial Subsidiaries for the Measurement Period ended the last Fiscal Month included in such financial statements is less than five percent (5.0 of the Consolidated gross revenues of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such Measurement Period, in each case as determined in accordance with GAAP. From and after the Eighth Amendment Effective Date, no Subsidiaries shall be deemed Immaterial Subsidiaries for purposes of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Remainder of page left blank intentionally signature page follows. 
 D-3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, a duly authorized and acting Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower, on behalf of the Lead Borrower and each of the other Loan Parties, has duly executed this Compliance Certificate as of _____________, 20____. 
 LEAD BORROWER 
 BARNES & NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. 

By 
 Name 
 Title 
 D-4 

APPENDIX I 
 Except as set forth below, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. If a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the following describes the nature of the Default or Event of Default in reasonable detail and the steps, if any, being taken or contemplated by the Loan Parties to be taken on account thereof. 

D-5 

APPENDIX II 
 (Minimum Consolidated EBITDA) 
 7.15 Minimum Consolidated EBITDA Consolidated EBITDA 2 
 1. 
 Consolidated Net Income of the Lead Borrower and the other Loan Parties from continuing operations on a Consolidated basis for the most recently completed Measurement Period ____________________ 1. 
 Sum of the following (to the extent deducted in calculating Consolidated Net Income) ____________________ a. Consolidated Interest Charges 
 ____________________ b. the provision for Federal, state, local and foreign income Taxes (net of any tax credits) 
 ____________________ c. depreciation and amortization expense 
 ____________________ d. other expenses or losses reducing such Consolidated Net Income which do not represent a cash item in such period (including LIFO reserves) or any future period 
 
 ____________________ 
 e. expenses deducted in such period resulting from the issuance of Equity Interests permitted under the Credit Agreement 3 
 ____________________ f. restructuring costs and expenses set forth in the projections delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders on or immediately prior to the Eighth Amendment Effective Date (in any event not to exceed the lesser of the actual amounts so incurred and the amounts set forth in such projections) 

____________________ 
 1. 
 All non-cash gains increasing Consolidated Net Income (in each case of or by the Lead Borrower and the other Loan Parties for such Measurement Period) 
 ____________________ 

2 Consolidated EBITDA shall be calculated to exclude (1) the effects of purchase accounting and transaction bonuses, to the extent such bonuses offset the purchase price of the First Amendment Acquisition and (2) all gains or income arising from the Disposition of any capital asset, subsidiary, division, business or line of business. 
 3 Such expenses are and will be non-cash items in the period when taken and in all later fiscal periods. 
 D-6 

1. 
 Line 1 plus Line 2 minus Line 3 
 ____________________ 1. 
 Consolidated EBITDA required by Section 7.15 of the Credit Agreement 
 ____________________ Is Line 4 greater than or equal to Line 5 Yes in compliance 
 No not in compliance 
 
 D-7 

APPENDIX III 
 (Financial Statements) 
 
 see attached 
 
 D-8 

APPENDIX IV 
 (GAAP) 
 
 see attached 

D-9 

APPENDIX V 
 (MD&A) 
 
 see attached 
 D-10 

APPENDIX VI 
 (Immaterial Subsidiaries) 
 
 D-11 

ANNEX III 
 
 Schedule 1.05 (CARES Act Tax Refund Claim) 
 
 The Form 1120X (Amended U.S. Corporation Income Tax Return) submitted by the Lead Borrower and its subsidiaries on August 2, 2022 for the taxable year ending January 26, 2019 (the Form 1120X requesting refunds of alternative minimum tax for such year pursuant to the CARES Act. 
 
 The Form 911 (Request for Taxpayer Advocate Service Assistance) submitted by the Lead Borrower on July 12, 2023 with respect to the Form 1120X. 

ANNEX IV 
 
 University Contracts 
 
 1. Louisiana Tech University 
 2. Kentucky Community & Technical College 
 3. University of Arkansas 
 4. Coastal Carolina University 
 5. Mercer University 
 6. Blue Ridge Community College 
 7. University of Arkansas 
 8. Norfolk University 
 9. Louisiana State University 
 10. Georgia Institute of Technology 
 11. North Carolina A&T State University 
 12. Georgia Gwinnett College 
 13. Clackamas Community College 

13 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-10.15>
 7
 bned-ex1015termloan3rdamen.htm
 EX-10.15 TERM LOAN 3RD AMENDMENT

Document 
 Exhibit 10.15 
 
 Execution Version 

THIRD AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 
 This THIRD AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN CREDIT AGREEMENT , dated as of July 28, 2023 (this Amendment ), is by and among TopLids LendCo, LLC TopLids ), in its capacity as administrative agent pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement defined below (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ), the Lenders party hereto (which Lenders comprise all Lenders under the Existing Credit Agreement as of the date hereof), Barnes & Noble Education, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), and the other parties party hereto as Guarantors (collectively with the Borrower, the Loan Parties ). 
 
 W I T N E S E T H 
 WHEREAS , the Administrative Agent, TopLids, in its capacity as collateral agent pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement (in such capacity, the Collateral Agent ), the Persons signatory thereto as Guarantors and the lenders from time to time party thereto (collectively, the Lenders are parties to that certain Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated June 7, 2022 (as amended by that certain First Amendment to Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of March 8, 2023, as amended by that certain Second Amendment to Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of May 24, 2023, and as further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or modified prior to the effectiveness of this Amendment, the Existing Credit Agreement the Existing Credit Agreement, as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or modified from time to time, including pursuant to this Amendment, the Amended Credit Agreement capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Existing Credit Agreement). 
 WHEREAS , the Borrower has requested that the Existing Credit Agreement be amended to, among other things, (a) extend the Maturity Date and (b) make certain other amendments to the Existing Credit Agreement, as more specifically set forth herein. 
 WHEREAS , by this Amendment and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Borrower and the Guarantors desire and intend to evidence the aforementioned amendments to the Existing Credit Agreement. 
 NOW THEREFORE , in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual agreements and covenants contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 1. Amendments to Existing Credit Agreement . Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, including the conditions set forth in Section 2 of this Amendment, the Existing Credit Agreement (other than the annexes, schedules, and exhibits thereto) is hereby amended in its entirety to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example stricken text ), to add the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example double-underlined text ), and to move from its location the stricken text in green (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example moved from text and to move into its new location the double-underlined text in green (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example moved to text ), as set forth in the Amended Credit Agreement attached hereto as Annex I . 
 2. Conditions Precedent . This Amendment shall be effective at 11 59 p.m. (New York City time) on the date that each of the following conditions precedent are satisfied or waived by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (the date of such satisfaction or waiver, the Third Amendment Effective Date 
 (a) the Administrative Agent shall have received (unless otherwise specified) each of the following documents or instruments each of which shall be originals, facsimiles or other electronic transmission (in the case of facsimiles or other electronic transmission followed promptly by originals) unless otherwise specified, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent 
 46786783v9 

(i) this Amendment, duly executed and delivered by the Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent and each Lender 
 (ii) that certain Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, duly executed and delivered by the Loan Parties (as defined in the First Lien Credit Agreement), the First Lien Agent and the lenders under the First Lien Credit Agreement (the ABL Amendment 
 (iii) that certain Mutual Consent and Agreement, dated as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, by and among the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the First Lien Agent, and the Loan Parties and acknowledged and agreed to by the Borrower and the other Loan Parties 
 (iv) that certain Side Letter Agreement Amending the Merchandising Agreement and E-Commerce Agreement, dated as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, duly executed by each of the parties thereto 
 (v) an engagement letter re CRO services, dated as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, between Berkeley Research Group, LLC and the Borrower, duly executed by each of the parties thereto 
 (vi) an amendment, dated as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, to that certain Engagement Letter, dated as of August 26, 2022 (and as amended by that certain First Amendment to Engagement Letter, dated as of March 3, 2023), between the Loan Parties and Houlihan Lokey Capital, Inc., duly executed by each of the parties thereto 
 (vii) an amendment, dated as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, to the VitalSource Supply Contract (as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement) duly executed by each of the parties thereto 
 (viii) a certificate of a duly authorized officer of the Borrower, which certificate shall attach and certify to true, correct and complete (x) form of resolutions to be adopted by the board of directors of the Borrower as set forth in Section 6.25 of the Amended Credit Agreement, (y) the Merchandising Agreement, including all schedules, annexes and amendments thereto and (z) the VitalSource Supply Contract, including all schedules, annexes and amendments thereto and 
 (ix) a certificate from a Responsible Officer of each Loan Party, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and dated as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, certifying as being true, correct and complete, copies attached thereto (certified by a governmental official, where applicable) of (w) good standings in such entities jurisdiction of organization and primary place of business chief executive office, (x) current, certified charters or certificates of formation and bylaws, limited liability company agreements or other applicable organizational documents, (y) resolutions or other corporate action with respect to this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby (the Third Amendment Transactions and (z) incumbency certificates and or other certificates of Responsible Officers of each Loan Party as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer thereof authorized to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this Amendment. 
 (b) no order, injunction or judgment shall have been entered prohibiting the closing of this Amendment 
 (c) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred or be continuing and 
 (d) all representations and warranties contained in this Amendment (including those made in Section 3 hereof) are true and correct on and as of the Third Amendment Effective Date. 
 For purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 2 , each Lender that has signed this Amendment shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required hereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable 
 2 

or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received written notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Third Amendment Effective Date specifying its objection thereto. 
 3. Representations and Warranties . In order to induce the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to enter into this Amendment, each of the Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby represents to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders as of the date hereof as follows 
 (a) Such Loan Party is duly authorized to execute and deliver this Amendment and is duly authorized to perform its obligations under the Amended Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party. 
 (b) The execution and delivery of this Amendment by such Loan Party do not and will not (i) contravene the terms of the Organization Documents of such Loan Party (ii) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of any Lien under (x) any Contractual Obligation to which such Loan Party is a party (other than Liens created under the Loan Documents in favor of the Collateral Agent for the ratable benefit of the Credit Parties or (y) any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which such Loan Party or its property is subject or (iii) violate any applicable Law. 
 (c) This Amendment is a legal, valid, and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar Laws relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors or by general equitable principles. 
 (d) As of the Third Amendment Effective Date and after giving effect to this Amendment, the representations and warranties of the Borrower and each other Loan Party contained in Article V of the Amended Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection herewith or therewith, (i) which are qualified by materiality shall be true and correct, and (ii) which are not qualified by materiality shall be true and correct in all material respects, in each case, on and as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct, or true and correct in all material respects, as the case may be, as of such earlier date, and except that the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 of the Amended Credit Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the most recent consolidated statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b), respectively, of Section 6.01 of the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 (e) As of the Third Amendment Effective Date and after giving effect to this Amendment, each Loan Party has complied with and is in compliance with all of the covenants set forth in the Amended Credit Agreement, including those set forth in Article VI and Article VII of the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 (f) As of the Third Amendment Effective Date, both immediately before and after giving effect to this Amendment, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result herefrom. 
 4. Conditions Subsequent . 
 (a) Within one (1) Business Day of the Third Amendment Effective Date (or such later date as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) 
 (i) Administrative Agent shall have received the audited financial statements required by Section 6.01 of the Amended Credit Agreement, for the Fiscal Year of the Borrower ended April 2023, together with a report and unqualified opinion of a Registered Public Accounting Firm, which shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and shall not be subject to any going concern or like qualification or exception or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit and 
 3 

(ii) the Borrower shall have paid all invoiced and accrued fees and reasonable and documented expenses of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and their designated affiliates and each Lender due and payable on or before the Third Amendment Effective Date (including but not limited to the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of counsel for the Administrative Agent and each Lender in respect of this Amendment and all Credit Party Expenses). 
 (b) On or before August 4, 2023 (or such later date as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), the Loan Parties shall cause to be delivered to the Administrative Agent and each Lender a favorable legal opinion of Paul Hastings LLP, counsel to the Loan Parties, addressed to the Administrative Agent and each Lender as to such matters concerning the Loan Parties, this Amendment, and any other Loan Documents delivered in connection herewith as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, which legal opinion shall be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
 (c) On or before August 7, 2023, (or such later date as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) the Loan Parties shall deliver (or shall cause to be delivered) to the Administrative Agent updated forecasts of Consolidated balance sheets and statements of income or operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the Fiscal Year ending April 30, 2024. 
 (d) On or before August 14, 2023 (or such later date as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), the Loan Parties shall cause BNED (Texas), LLC, a Texas limited liability company, to become a Guarantor under the Loan Documents in accordance with Section 6.12 of the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 (e) On or before August 14, 2023 (or such later date as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), the Loan Parties shall deliver copies of the university contracts (including all amendments thereto) with each of the institutions listed on Annex II hereto. 
 (f) On or before August 28, 2023 (or such later date as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), the Loan Parties shall cause to be delivered to the Administrative Agent all documents and instruments, including Uniform Commercial Code financing statements, required by law or reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to be filed, registered or recorded to create or perfect the Liens intended to be created under the Loan Documents. 
 (g) The Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, on a weekly basis, not later than Friday of each week, vendor supplier status summaries in each case in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (h) No later than sixty (60) days after the Third Amendment Effective Date (or such later date as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), the Loan Parties shall cause to be delivered (or made available through access to a data room) to the Administrative Agent a copy of the most recent version of each School Agreement (as defined in the Merchandising Agreement), and all amendments thereto, then in effect. To the extent any of the School Agreements are amended, renewed, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified thereafter, the Loan Parties shall cause a copy such updated School Agreement to be delivered to the Administrative Agent promptly, and any event no later than fifteen (15) Business Days, after modification thereof. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, the Loan Parties acknowledge and agree that the failure to comply with this Section 4 shall constitute an Event of Default under Section 8.01(b) of the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 5. GOVERNING LAW . THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (EXCEPT FOR THE CONFLICT OF LAWS RULES THEREOF, BUT INCLUDING GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402). 
 6. Binding Effect . This Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of each of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 
 4 

7. Ratification and Reaffirmation . 
 (a) Each Loan Party hereby consents to the amendments and modifications to the Existing Credit Agreement effected hereby, and confirms and agrees that, notwithstanding the effectiveness of this Amendment, each Loan Document to which such Loan Party is a party is, and the obligations of such Loan Party contained in the Existing Credit Agreement, as amended and modified hereby, or in any other Loan Documents to which it is a party are, and shall continue to be, in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects, in each case as amended and modified by this Amendment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the execution of this Amendment shall not constitute a novation. 
 (b) Each Loan Party hereby agrees and confirms that the Secured Obligations continue to be secured and guaranteed under and in accordance with the existing Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party, together with all other instruments and documents executed and delivered by such Loan Party as security for the Secured Obligations, and each such Loan Party hereby grants and re-grants to the Administrative Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Credit Parties, a security interest in all of such Loan Party s right, title and interest in and to the Collateral (as defined in the Security Agreement), whether now owned or hereafter acquired by such Loan Party, wherever located, and whether now or hereafter existing or arising, as security for the payment or performance, as the case may be, in full of the Secured Obligations. 
 (c) Each Guarantor agrees that the Facility Guaranty (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) remains in full force and effect, and each Guarantor reaffirms the continued validity of, and ratifies, such Facility Guaranty, and agrees and confirms that its guarantee of the Guaranteed Obligations (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement, and as amended by this Amendment) remains in full force and effect. 
 (d) To the extent such Loan Party is named as a debtor in any UCC financing statement in favor of the Administrative Agent (collectively, the Existing UCC Financing Statements ), such Loan Party hereby ratifies its prior authorization for the Administrative Agent to have filed such Existing UCC Financing Statement naming such Loan Party as debtor. 
 8. Acknowledgements. 
 (a) The Loan Parties hereby reaffirm, acknowledge and agree that the Administrative Agent is entitled to engage and retain (directly or indirectly) one or more consultants or advisors from time to time in connection with the performance of its duties and obligations under the Loan Documents (including, at any time on or following the Third Amendment Effective Date), and the Loan Parties shall and shall cause its Subsidiaries to cooperate with such advisors and consultants in performing the scope of their respectful engagements. 
 (b) Each of the Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent and Lenders hereby acknowledges receipt of the ABL Amendment, and hereby consents and agrees to the amendments and modifications of the First Lien Credit Agreement made pursuant thereto. 
 9. Reference to and Effect on the Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents . 
 (a) On and after the effectiveness of this Amendment, each reference in the Existing Credit Agreement to this Agreement , hereunder , hereof or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, and each reference in the Notes and each of the other Loan Documents to the Credit Agreement , thereunder , thereof or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, shall mean and be a reference to the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 (b) The Existing Credit Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents, as specifically amended and modified by this Amendment, are and shall continue to be in full force and effect and are hereby in all respects ratified and confirmed. 
 5 

(c) The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not, except as expressly provided herein, operate as a waiver or novation of any right, power or remedy of any Lender, the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent under any of the Loan Documents, nor constitute a waiver or novation of any provision of any of the Loan Documents. 
 (d) The Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Loan Parties agree that this Amendment shall be a Loan Document. 
 10. Waiver, Modification, Etc . No provision or term of this Amendment may be modified, altered, waived, discharged or terminated orally, but only by an instrument in writing executed by the party against whom such modification, alteration, waiver, discharge or termination is sought to be enforced. 
 11. Headings . The headings listed herein are for convenience only and do not constitute matters to be construed in interpreting this Amendment. 
 12. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract, and shall become effective as to each party hereto. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by facsimile or other electronic imaging means e.g. , via electronic mail in .pdf form) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Amendment and or any document to be signed in connection with this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be. 
 13. Further Assurances . Each of the parties to this Amendment agrees that at any time and from time to time upon the written request of any other party, it will execute and deliver such further documents and do such further acts and things as such other party may reasonably request in order to effect the purposes of this Amendment. 
 14. Release . In consideration of the agreements of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, each Loan Party, on behalf of itself and its successors, assigns, and other legal representatives (each Loan Party and all such other Persons being hereinafter referred to collectively as the Releasors and individually as a Releasor ), hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably releases, remises and forever discharges the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders, and their successors and assigns, and their present and former shareholders, affiliates, subsidiaries, divisions, predecessors, directors, officers, attorneys, consultants, advisors, employees, agents and other representatives (the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, each Lender and all such other Persons being hereinafter referred to collectively as the Releasees and individually as a Releasee ), of and from all demands, actions, causes of action, suits, controversies, reckonings, damages and any and all other claims, counterclaims, defenses, rights of set-off, demands and liabilities whatsoever (individually, a Claim and collectively, Claims of every name and nature, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, both at law and in equity, which any Releasor may now own, hold, have or claim to have against the Releasees or any of them for, upon, or by reason of any circumstance, action, cause or thing whatsoever which arises at any time on or prior to the day and date of this Amendment, in any way related to or in connection with the Existing Credit Agreement, the Amended Credit Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or transactions thereunder or related thereto. Each Loan Party understands, acknowledges and agrees that the release set forth above may be pleaded as a full and complete defense and may be used as a basis for an injunction against any action, suit or other proceeding which may be instituted, prosecuted or attempted in breach of the provisions of such release. Each Loan Party agrees that no fact, event, circumstance, evidence or transaction which could now be asserted or which may hereafter be discovered shall affect in any manner the final, absolute and unconditional nature of the release set forth above. 
 6 

REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 
 7 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 TOPLIDS LENDCO, LLC , as Administrative Agent and as a Lender 

By s William D. Carr 
 Name William D. Carr 
 Title President 

Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 Third Amendment to Term Loan Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 

VITAL FUNDCO, LLC , as Lender 

By s KentonFreeman 
 Name Kenton Freeman 
 Title Chief Executive Officer and President 
 Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 First Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 

BORROWER 
 
 BARNES & NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. , a Delaware corporation 

By s Michael P. Huseby 
 Name Michael P. Huseby 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 

GUARANTORS 
 
 B&N EDUCATION, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 BARNES & NOBLE COLLEGE BOOKSELLERS, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 BNED DIGITAL HOLDINGS, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 BNED LOUDCLOUD, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 BNED MBS HOLDINGS, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company (f k a Morocco Holdings, LLC) 
 MBS AUTOMATION LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 MBS DIRECT, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 MBS INTERNET, LL C, a Delaware limited liability company 
 MBS SERVICE COMPANY LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 MBS TEXTBOOK EXCHANGE, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 TEXTBOOKCENTER LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 TXTB.COM, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 

By s Michael P. Huseby 
 Name Michael P. Huseby 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 
 Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 First Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 

ANNEX I 
 
 Conformed Copy of Term Loan Credit Agreement 
 
 See attached. 
 Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 First Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 Signature Page 

Annex I to 
 Third Amendment Term Loan Credit Agreement conformed through Second Amendment 

TERM LOAN CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 Dated as of June 7, 2022 
 As amended by the First Amendment as of March 8, 2023 and , 
 as further amended by the Second Amendment as of May 24, 2023 and 
 as further amended by the Third Amendment as of July 28, 2023 
 
 among 
 
 BARNES & NOBLE EDUCATION, INC., 
 as the Borrower, 
 
 The Guarantors From Time to Time Party Hereto, 
 
 TOPLIDS LENDCO, LLC , 
 as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, 
 
 and 
 
 The Lenders From Time to Time Party Hereto, 

ANYTHING HEREIN TO THE CONTRARY NOTWITHSTANDING, THE LIENS AND SECURITY INTERESTS SECURING THE OBLIGATIONS EVIDENCED BY THIS TERM LOAN CREDIT AGREEMENT, THE EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHT OR REMEDY WITH RESPECT THERETO, AND CERTAIN OF THE RIGHTS OF THE PARTIES HERETO SHALL BE SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS OF THE INTERCREDITOR ARRANGEMENTS ENTERED INTO BY THE FIRST LIEN AGENT AND THE COLLATERAL AGENT, AND ACKNOWLEDGED BY THE BORROWER (THE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT ). IN THE EVENT OF ANY CONFLICT BETWEEN THE TERMS OF THE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT AND THIS AGREEMENT, THE TERMS OF THE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT SHALL GOVERN AND CONTROL. 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 
 46786817v4 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Section Page 

 ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 1 
 1.01 Defined Terms 1 
 1.02 Other Interpretive Provisions 26 28 
 1.03 Accounting Terms 27 29 
 1.04 Rounding 28 29 
 1.05 Times of Day Interest Rates 28 29 
 1.06 Intentionally Omitted 28 30 
 1.07 Ratio Adjustments for Acquisitions and Dispositions 28 30 
 ARTICLE II THE COMMITMENTS AND LOANS 49 30 
 2.01 Loans 29 30 
 2.02 Intentionally Omitted . 29 31 
 2.03 Intentionally Omitted . 29 31 
 2.04 Intentionally Omitted . 29 31 
 2.05 Prepayments 29 31 
 2.06 Termination of Commitments 30 31 
 2.07 Repayment of Loans at Maturity 30 31 
 2.08 Interest 30 31 
 2.09 Fees 30 32 
 2.10 Computation of Interest and Fees 31 32 
 2.11 Evidence of Debt 31 33 
 2.12 Payments Generally Administrative Agent s Clawback 31 33 
 2.13 Pro Rata Treatment Sharing of Payments by Lenders 32 34 
 ARTICLE III TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY APPOINTMENT OF BORROWER 33 35 
 3.01 Taxes 33 35 
 3.02 Reserved 38 39 
 3.03 Reserved 38 39 
 3.04 Increased Costs 38 39 
 3.05 Reserved 39 40 
 3.06 Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders 39 40 
 3.07 Survival 39 41 
 ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO BORROWING 39 41 
 4.01 Conditions of Borrowing 39 41 
 ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 41 43 
 5.01 Existence, Qualification and Power 41 43 
 5.02 Authorization No Contravention 41 43 
 5.03 Governmental Authorization Other Consents 42 43 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Section Page 

 5.04 Binding Effect 42 44 
 5.05 Financial Statements No Material Adverse Effect 42 44 
 5.06 Litigation 43 44 
 5.07 No Default 43 45 
 5.08 Ownership of Property Liens 43 45 
 5.09 Intentionally Omitted . 43 45 
 5.10 Insurance 43 45 
 5.11 Taxes 43 45 
 5.12 ERISA Compliance 43 45 
 5.13 Subsidiaries Equity Interests 44 46 
 5.14 Margin Regulations Investment Company Act 44 46 
 5.15 Disclosure 45 46 
 5.16 Compliance with Laws 45 47 
 5.17 Intellectual Property Licenses, Etc . 45 47 
 5.18 Labor Matters 45 47 
 5.19 Security Documents 46 47 
 5.20 Solvency 46 48 
 5.21 Reserved 46 48 
 5.22 Reserved 46 48 
 5.23 Customer and Trade Relations 46 48 
 5.24 Storage Locations 46 48 
 5.25 OFAC 46 48 
 5.26 Anti-Corruption Laws 47 48 
 5.27 Affected Financial Institutions 47 48 
 5.28 Covered Entity 47 48 
 ARTICLE VI AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 47 49 
 6.01 Financial Statements 47 49 
 6.02 Certificates Other Information 48 50 
 6.03 Notices 50 51 
 6.04 Payment of Obligations 51 52 
 6.05 Preservation of Existence, Etc . 51 53 
 6.06 Maintenance of Properties 51 53 
 6.07 Maintenance of Insurance 51 53 
 6.08 Compliance with Laws 53 54 
 6.09 Books and Records Accountants Corporate Separateness 53 54 
 6.10 Inspection Rights Consultants 53 55 
 6.11 Use of Proceeds 53 55 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Section Page 

 6.12 Additional Loan Parties Additional Collateral Further Assurances 53 55 
 6.13 Intentionally Omitted . 55 56 
 6.14 Information Regarding the Collateral 55 56 
 6.15 Intentionally Omitted. 55 57 
 6.16 Intentionally Omitted. 55 57 
 6.17 Intentionally Omitted. 55 57 
 6.18 Intentionally Omitted. 55 57 
 6.19 Compliance with ERISA 55 57 
 6.20 Intentionally Omitted. 55 57 
 6.21 Anti-Corruption Laws Sanctions 55 57 
 6.22 Post-Closing Obligations 55 57 
 6.23 Specified Event Specified Liquidity Transaction 58 
 6.24 CRO 59 
 6.25 Independent Board Members and Alternative Transactions Committee. 60 
 ARTICLE VII NEGATIVE COVENANTS 56 61 
 7.01 Liens 56 61 
 7.02 Investments 58 63 
 7.03 Indebtedness Disqualified Stock 60 64 
 7.04 Fundamental Changes 61 65 
 7.05 Dispositions 61 65 
 7.06 Restricted Payments 63 66 
 7.07 Prepayments Payments of Indebtedness 63 67 
 7.08 Change in Nature of Business 63 67 
 7.09 Transactions with Affiliates 63 67 
 7.10 Burdensome Agreements 64 67 
 7.11 Use of Proceeds 64 67 
 7.12 Amendment of Organizational Documents, Material Indebtedness or Certain Contracts 64 68 
 7.13 Corporate Name Fiscal Year 64 68 
 7.14 Anti-Layering 64 68 
 7.15 Intentionally Omitted. 65 Financial Covenants. 68 
 7.16 Intentionally Omitted Variance Covenant 65 69 
 7.17 Sanctions 65 70 
 7.18 Anti-Corruption Laws 65 70 
 ARTICLE VIII EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 65 70 
 8.01 Events of Default 65 70 
 8.02 Remedies Upon Event of Default 67 72 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Section Page 

 8.03 Application of Funds 68 73 
 ARTICLE IX ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 68 74 
 9.01 Appointment and Authority 68 74 
 9.02 Rights as a Lender 69 74 
 9.03 Exculpatory Provisions 69 74 
 9.04 Reliance by Agents 70 75 
 9.05 Delegation of Duties 70 76 
 9.06 Resignation of Agents 71 76 
 9.07 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders 71 77 
 9.08 Intentionally Omitted 72 77 
 9.09 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim 72 77 
 9.10 Collateral and Guaranty Matters 73 78 
 9.11 Notice of Transfer 73 79 
 9.12 Reports and Financial Statements 73 79 
 9.13 Agency for Perfection 74 79 
 9.14 Indemnification of Agents 74 79 
 9.15 Relation among Lenders 75 80 
 9.16 Intentionally Omitted. 75 80 
 9.17 Certain ERISA Matters 75 80 
 ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS 76 81 
 10.01 Amendments, Etc . 76 81 
 10.02 Notices Effectiveness Electronic Communications 77 82 
 10.03 No Waiver Cumulative Remedies 79 84 
 10.04 Expenses Indemnity Damage Waiver 79 85 
 10.05 Payments Set Aside 81 86 
 10.06 Successors and Assigns 81 86 
 10.07 Treatment of Certain Information Confidentiality 84 89 
 10.08 Right of Setoff 85 90 
 10.09 Interest Rate Limitation 85 90 
 10.10 Counterparts Integration Effectiveness 86 Electronic Signatures 91 
 10.11 Survival 87 92 
 10.12 Severability 87 92 
 10.13 Replacement of Lenders 87 92 
 10.14 Governing Law Jurisdiction Etc . 88 93 
 10.15 Waiver of Jury Trial 89 94 
 10.16 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 89 94 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Section Page 

 10.17 USA PATRIOT Act Notice 90 95 
 10.18 Foreign Assets Control Regulations 90 95 
 10.19 Time of the Essence 90 95 
 10.20 Press Releases 90 95 
 10.21 Additional Waivers Keepwell 90 95 
 10.22 No Strict Construction 92 97 
 10.23 Attachments 92 97 
 10.24 Copies and Facsimiles 92 97 
 10.25 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions 92 97 
 10.26 Intercreditor Agreement 93 
 10.26 Intercreditor Agreement 98 
 ARTICLE XI GUARANTY 93 98 
 11.01 Guaranty 93 98 
 11.02 Guaranty of Payment 93 98 
 11.03 No Discharge or Diminishment of Facility Guaranty 93 98 
 11.04 Defenses Waived 94 99 
 11.05 Rights of Subrogation 94 99 
 11.06 Reinstatement Stay of Acceleration 94 100 
 11.07 Information 95 100 
 11.08 Intentionally Omitted . 95 100 
 11.09 Maximum Liability 95 100 
 11.10 Contribution 95 100 
 11.11 Liability Cumulative 96 101 
 11.12 Release of Guarantors and Borrower 96 Reserved . 101 
 11.13 Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 96 101 
 11.14 Acknowledgment Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs ... 97 101 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

SCHEDULES 
 1.03 Immaterial Subsidiaries 
 2.01 Commitments and Applicable Percentages 
 5.01 Loan Parties Organizational Information 
 5.06 Litigation 
 5.10 Insurance 
 5.12 ERISA Events 
 5.13 Subsidiaries Equity Interests 
 5.18 Collective Bargaining Agreements 
 7.01 Other Permitted Liens 
 7.02 Other Permitted Investments 
 7.03 Other Permitted Indebtedness 
 10.02 Administrative Agent s Office Certain Addresses for Notices 
 
 EXHIBITS Form of 
 A Note 
 B Assignment and Assumption 
 C Joinder Agreement 
 D-1-4 Tax Compliance Certificates 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

TERM LOAN CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 This TERM LOAN CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Agreement is entered into as of June 7, 2022, among BARNES & NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. , a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), the Persons signatory hereto as Guarantors, each lender from time to time party hereto (collectively, the Lenders ), and TOPLIDS LENDCO, LLC , as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent. 
 The Borrower has requested that the Lenders make Loans to the Borrower, and the Lenders have indicated their willingness to lend, on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows 
 DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 
 Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below Account means accounts as defined in the UCC, and also means, without limitation, a right to payment of a monetary obligation, whether or not earned by performance, (a) for property that has been or is to be sold, leased, licensed, assigned, or otherwise disposed of, (b) for services rendered or to be rendered, or (c) arising out of the use of a credit, debit or charge card or information contained on or for use with the card, including all payment intangibles (as defined in the UCC) consisting of amounts owing from credit card and debit card issuers and processors and all rights under contracts relating to the creation or collection of such payment intangibles. 
 ACH means automated clearing house transfers. 
 Acquired Companies means MBS Textbook Exchange, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, MBS Direct, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, TXTB.COM LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, TextbookCenter LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, MBS Internet, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, MBS Automation LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and MBS Service Company LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Acquisition means, with respect to any Person (a) the purchase of a Controlling interest in the Equity Interests of any other Person, (b) a purchase or other acquisition of all or substantially all of the assets or properties of another Person or of any business unit or line of business of another Person (other than acquisitions or openings of new stores in the ordinary course of business), (c) any Material Store Acquisition or (d) any merger or consolidation of such Person with any other Person or other transaction or series of transactions resulting in the acquisition of all or substantially all of the assets, or a Controlling interest in the Equity Interests, of any Person. 
 Actual Cash Receipts has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 Actual Disbursement Amounts has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 Actual Inventory Receipts has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 Actual Net Cash Flow has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 Additional Commitment Lender shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.15(c) . 
 Administrative Agent means TopLids LendCo, LLC in its capacity as administrative agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor administrative agent. 
 Administrative Agent s Office means the Administrative Agent s address and, as appropriate, account as set forth on Schedule 10.02 , or such other address or account as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Lenders. 
 1 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire for each Lender in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 
 Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. 
 Agent(s) means, individually, the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, and collectively means both of them. 
 Agent Parties shall have the meaning specified in Section 10.02(c) 10.02(c) . 
 Aggregate Loan Cap has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 Agreement has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. 
 Alternative Transactions Committee has the meaning specified in Section 6.25(a)(ii). 
 Applicable Percentage means with respect to any Lender at any time (i) on or prior to the Closing Date, the percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) of the aggregate Commitments of all Lenders at such time represented by such Lender s Commitment at such time and (ii) thereafter, the percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans at such time represented by the principal amount of such Lender s Loans at such time. The initial Applicable Percentage of each Lender in respect of the Loans is set forth opposite the name of such Lender on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable. 
 Approved Budget has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 Approved Budget Update has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 Approved Budget Variance Report has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 10.06(b)) , and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit B or any other form (including electronic documentation generated by use of an electronic platform) approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Attributable Indebtedness means, on any date, (a) in respect of any Capital Lease Obligation of any Person, the capitalized amount thereof that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP, and (b) in respect of any Synthetic Lease Obligation, the capitalized amount of the remaining lease or similar payments under the relevant lease or other applicable agreement or instrument that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP if such lease, agreement or instrument were accounted for as a capital lease. 
 Audited Financial Statements means (i) the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended May 1, 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, Shareholders Equity and cash flows for such fiscal year of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including the notes thereto, and (ii) the audited financial statements delivered to the Administrative Agent from time to time pursuant to Section 6.01(a) . 
 Availability has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 2 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 Bail-In Legislation means, (a)with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014 59 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, rule, regulation or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 Bank Products has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning specified in Section 11.14(b) . 
 Blocked Account Agreement means with respect to an account established by a Loan Party, an agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, establishing Control (as defined in the Security Agreement) of such account by the Collateral Agent. 
 Blocked Account Bank means each bank with whom deposit accounts are maintained in which any funds of any of the Loan Parties from one or more DDAs are concentrated and with whom a Blocked Account Agreement has been, or is required to be, executed in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 BNCB means Barnes & Noble College Booksellers, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Borrower has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. 
 Borrower Consultant Materials has the meaning specified in Section 6.10(b) 6.02 . 
 Borrower Materials Borrowing Base has the meaning specified in Section 6.02 the First Lien Credit Agreement . 
 Borrowing Base Budgeted Cash Receipts has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 Budgeted Inventory Receipts has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 Budgeted Disbursement Amounts has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 Budgeted Net Cash Flow has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 Business means any and all business engaged in by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof on the date hereof and any other business reasonably related, incidental or complimentary thereto. 
 Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the Laws of, or are in fact closed in, the state where the Administrative Agent s Office is located or in New York, New York. 
 3 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

Capital Lease Obligations means, with respect to any Person for any period, the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as liabilities on a consolidated balance sheet of such Person under GAAP and the amount of which obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 CFC means a Person that is a controlled foreign corporation under Section 957 of the Code. 
 Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority provided , that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in the implementation thereof and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law , regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. 
 Change of Control means an event or series of events by which 
 (a) any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, but excluding any employee benefit plan of such person or its subsidiaries, and any person or entity acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan) (other than Leonard Riggio, his spouse, his lineal descendants, and trusts for the exclusive benefit of any such individuals or the executor or administrator of the estate or the legal representative of any of such individuals or any entity controlled by them) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except that a person or group shall be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such person or group has the right to acquire, whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time (such right, an option right )), directly or indirectly, of 40.0 or more of the Equity Interests of the Borrower entitled to vote for members of the board of directors or equivalent governing body of the Borrower on a fully-diluted basis (including taking into account all such Equity Interests that such person or group has the right to acquire pursuant to any option right) or 
 (b) any change in control or similar event as defined in the First Lien Credit Agreement or 
 (c) the Borrower ceases to own, directly or indirectly, 100 of the Equity Interests of any Loan Party, except where such failure is as a result of a transaction expressly permitted, or otherwise not prohibited, by the Loan Documents. 
 Closing Date means the first date all the conditions precedent in Section 4.01 are satisfied or waived in accordance with Section 10.01 . 
 CME means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited. 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and the regulations promulgated thereunder, as amended and in effect. 
 Collateral means any and all Collateral as defined in any applicable Security Document and all other property that is or is intended under the terms of the Security Documents to be subject to Liens in favor of the Collateral Agent. 
 4 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

Collateral Access Agreement means an agreement reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Agents executed by (a) a bailee or other Person in possession of Collateral, or (b) a landlord of Real Estate leased by any Loan Party, in each case, including provisions pursuant to which such Person (i) acknowledges the Collateral Agent s Lien on the Collateral, (ii) releases or subordinates such Person s Liens, if any, in the Collateral held by such Person or located on such Real Estate, and (iii) as to any landlord, provides the Collateral Agent with access to the Collateral located in or on such Real Estate and a reasonable time to sell and dispose of the Collateral from such Real Estate. 
 Collateral Agent means TopLids LendCo, LLC in its capacity as collateral agent under any of the Loan Documents, acting in such capacity for its own benefit and the ratable benefit of the other Credit Parties, or any successor collateral agent. 
 Collateral License has the meaning provided for such term in the Security Agreement. 
 Commitment means, as to each Lender, its obligation to make Loans to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01(a) , in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 2.01 or in any Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. 
 Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq .), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. 
 Communication has the meaning specified in Section 10.10 . 
 Confirmation Agreement means , collectively, that certain (i) Confirmation, Ratification and Acknowledgement of Ancillary Loan Documents, dated as of the First Amendment Effective Date, among the Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent , and (ii) Confirmation, Ratification and Acknowledgement of Ancillary Loan Documents, dated as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, among the Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent . 
 Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
 Consent means actual consent given by a Lender from whom such consent is sought. 
 Consolidated means, when used to modify a financial term, test, statement, or report of a Person, the application or preparation of such term, test, statement or report (as applicable) based upon the consolidation, in accordance with GAAP, of the financial condition or operating results of such Person and its Subsidiaries. 
 Consolidated Adjusted Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 Consolidated EBITDA means, at any date of determination, an amount equal to Consolidated Net Income of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties from continuing operations on a consolidated basis for the most recently completed Measurement Period, plus (a) the following to the extent deducted in calculating such Consolidated Net Income (i) Consolidated Interest Charges, (ii) the provision for Federal, state, local and foreign income Taxes (net of any tax credits), (iii) depreciation and amortization expense, (iv) other expenses or losses reducing such Consolidated Net Income which do not represent a cash item in such period (including LIFO reserves) or any future period, and (v) expenses deducted in such period resulting from the issuance of Equity Interests permitted hereunder, provided, that such expenses are and will be non-cash items in the period when taken and in all later fiscal periods , and (vi) restructuring costs and expenses set forth in the projections delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders on or immediately prior to the Third Amendment Effective Date (in any event not to exceed the lesser of the actual amounts so incurred and the amounts set forth in such projections) , minus (b) all non-cash gains increasing Consolidated Net Income (in each case of or by the Borrower and the other Loan Parties for such Measurement Period), all as determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with 
 5 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

GAAP provided, that Consolidated EBITDA shall be calculated to exclude (1) the effects of purchase accounting and transaction bonuses, to the extent such bonuses offset the purchase price of the First Amendment Acquisition and (2) all gains or income arising from the Disposition of any capital asset, subsidiary, division, business or line of business. 
 Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 Consolidated Interest Charges means, for any Measurement Period, the sum of (a) all interest, premium payments, debt discount, fees, charges and related expenses in connection with borrowed money (including capitalized interest) or in connection with the deferred purchase price of assets, in each case to the extent treated as interest in accordance with GAAP, including, without limitation, all commissions, discounts and other fees and charges owed with respect to letters of credit and bankers acceptance financing and net costs under Swap Contracts, but excluding any non-cash or deferred interest financing costs, and (b) the portion of rent expense with respect to such period under Capital Lease Obligations or Synthetic Lease Obligations that is treated as interest in accordance with GAAP, in each case of or by the Borrower and the other Loan Parties for the most recently completed Measurement Period, all as determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 
 Consolidated Net Income means, as of any date of determination, the net income of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties from continuing operations for the most recently completed Measurement Period, all as determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, provided , however, that there shall be excluded (a) extraordinary gains (or extraordinary losses) for such Measurement Period, (b) the income (or loss) of any Subsidiary during such Measurement Period in which any other Person has a joint interest, except to the extent of the amount of cash dividends or other distributions actually paid in cash by such Subsidiary during such period, (c) the income (or loss) of any Person during such Measurement Period and accrued prior to the date it becomes a Loan Party or is merged into or consolidated with a Loan Party or such Person s assets are acquired by a Loan Party, and (d) the income of any Loan Party to the extent that the declaration or payment of dividends or similar distributions by that Loan Party of that income is not at the time permitted by operation of the terms of its Organization Documents or any agreement, instrument, judgment, decree, order, statute, rule or governmental regulation applicable to that Loan Party. 
 Contingency Transition Plan has the meaning specified in Transaction Committee Resolutions. 
 Contractual Obligation means, as to any Person, any provision of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. 
 Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 
 Covered Entity means any of the following (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b) (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b) or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 
 Covered Party has the meaning specified in Section 11.14(a) . 
 Credit Party or Credit Parties means (a) individually, (i) each Lender, (ii) each Agent, and (iii) the permitted successors and assigns of each of the foregoing, and (b) collectively, all of the foregoing. 
 Credit Party Expenses means, without limitation, (a) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Agents and their respective Affiliates, in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including without limitation (i) the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of (A) counsel for the Agents, (B) outside consultants for the Agents, (C) appraisers, and (D) without duplication of any amounts reimbursed pursuant to the foregoing subclauses (i) (A) (C), all such reasonable out-of- 
 6 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of the Secured Obligations, (ii) in connection with (A) the administration and management of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or the preparation, negotiation, execution and delivery of the Loan Documents or of any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated thereby shall be consummated), (B) the enforcement or protection of their rights in connection with this Agreement or the Loan Documents or efforts to preserve, protect, collect, or enforce the Collateral or in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws, or (C) without duplication of any amounts reimbursed pursuant to the foregoing subclause (ii)(B), any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of any Secured Obligations, and (b) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Credit Parties who are not the Agents or any Affiliate of any of them, after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, including, without limitation, in connection with any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of the Secured Obligations, or enforcement or protection of their rights or efforts to preserve, protect, collect, or enforce the Collateral or in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws, provided , that such Credit Parties shall be entitled to reimbursement for no more than one counsel representing all such Credit Parties (absent a conflict of interest in which case the Credit Parties may engage and be reimbursed for additional counsel). All Credit Party Expenses shall be payable on written demand therefor accompanied by reasonable documentation with respect to any reimbursement, indemnification or other amount requested. 
 CRO has the meaning set forth in Section 6.24(a). 
 CRO Engagement Letter has the meaning set forth in Section 6.24 (b). 
 Cumulative Four-Week Period has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 Customary Dispositions has the meaning specified in Section 7.05(c) . 
 DDA means each checking, savings or other demand deposit account maintained by any of the Loan Parties. All funds in each DDA shall be presumed to be Collateral and proceeds of Collateral and the Agents and the Lenders shall have no duty to inquire as to the source of the amounts on deposit in any DDA, 
 DDA Notification has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally. 
 Default means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default. 
 Default Rate means an interest rate equal to the interest rate otherwise applicable to such Loan plus five percent (5.0 per annum. 
 Default Right has the meaning specified in Section 11.14(b) . 
 Designated Jurisdiction means any country or territory to the extent that such country or territory itself is the subject of any comprehensive Sanction. 
 Disposition or Dispose means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition (including any sale and leaseback transaction and any sale, transfer, license or other disposition of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions and whether effect pursuant to a Division or otherwise) of any property (including, without limitation, any sale of any Equity Interests in another Person) by any Person (or the granting of any option or other right to do any of the foregoing), including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith. 
 7 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

Disqualified Stock means any Equity Interest that, by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible, or for which it is exchangeable, in each case at the option of the holder thereof), or upon the happening of any event, matures or is mandatorily redeemable, pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, or redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part, on or prior to the date that is one hundred twenty (120) days after the Maturity Date provided , however , that (i) only the portion of such Equity Interests which so matures or is mandatorily redeemable, is so convertible or exchangeable or is so redeemable at the option of the holder thereof prior to such date shall be deemed to be Disqualified Stock and (ii) with respect to any Equity Interests issued to any employee or to any plan for the benefit of employees of the Borrower or any other Loan Party or by any such plan to such employees, such Equity Interest shall not constitute Disqualified Stock solely because it may be required to be repurchased by the Borrower or any other Loan Party in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations or as a result of such employee s termination, resignation, death or disability and (iii) if any class of Equity Interest of such Person that by its terms authorizes such Person to satisfy its obligations thereunder by delivery of an Equity Interest that is not Disqualified Stock, such Equity Interests shall not be deemed to be Disqualified Stock. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, any Equity Interest that would constitute Disqualified Stock solely because the holders thereof have the right to require a Loan Party to repurchase such Equity Interest upon the occurrence of a change of control or an asset sale shall not constitute Disqualified Stock. The amount of Disqualified Stock deemed to be outstanding at any time for purposes of this Agreement will be the maximum amount that the Borrower and the other Loan Parties may become obligated to pay upon maturity of, or pursuant to any mandatory redemption provisions of, such Disqualified Stock or portion thereof, plus accrued dividends. 
 Dividing Person has the meaning assigned to it in the definition of Division. 
 Division means the division of the assets, liabilities and or obligations of a Person (the Dividing Person among two or more Persons (whether pursuant to a plan of division or similar arrangement), which may or may not include the Dividing Person and pursuant to which the Dividing Person may or may not survive. 
 Dollars and mean lawful money of the United States. 
 Domestic Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of any political subdivision of the United States. 
 E-Commerce Agreement means that certain E-Commerce Agreement, dated as of December 20, 2020, among Borrower, Barnes & Noble College Booksellers, LLC BNCB , and MBS Textbook Exchange, LLC, and Fanatics, as in effect on the Third Amendment Effective Date and as it may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance herewith. 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a Subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 Electronic Copy has the meaning specified in Section 10.10 . 
 Eligible Assignee means any Person and, other than with respect to an Affiliate of a Person which is a Lender on the Closing Date, unless an Event of Default shall have occurred and is continuing, approved by the Borrower (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) provided , that 
 8 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

notwithstanding the foregoing, Eligible Assignee shall not include (x) a Loan Party or any of the Loan Parties Affiliates or Subsidiaries or (y) a natural person. 
 Environmental Laws means any and all Federal, state, local, and foreign statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders, decrees, permits, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses, agreements or governmental restrictions relating to pollution and the protection of the environment or the release of any hazardous materials into the environment, including those related to hazardous substances or hazardous wastes, air emissions and discharges to waste or public systems. 
 Environmental Liability means any liability, obligation, damage, loss, claim, action, suit, judgment, order, fine, penalty, fee, expense, or cost, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Subsidiaries directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal or presence of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 
 Equity Interests means, with respect to any Person, all of the shares of capital stock of (or membership or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of shares of capital stock of (or membership or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person or warrants, rights or options for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of such shares (or such membership or other interests), and all of the other ownership or profit interests in such Person (including partnership, member or trust interests therein), whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such shares, warrants, options, rights or other interests are outstanding on any date of determination. 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. 
 ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control with a Loan Party within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code for purposes of provisions relating to Section 412 of the Code). 
 ERISA Event means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan (b) a withdrawal by a Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer (as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA) or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA (c) a complete or partial withdrawal by a Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan or notification to a Loan Party that a Multiemployer Plan is in reorganization (d) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate, the treatment of a Plan amendment as a termination under Sections 4041 or 4041A of ERISA, or the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan (e) an event or condition which constitutes grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan (f) the determination that any Pension Plan is considered an at-risk plan or a plan in endangered or critical status within the meaning of Sections 430, 431 and 432 of the Code or Sections 303, 304 and 305 of ERISA or (g) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon a Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate. 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 
 Event of Default has the meaning specified in Section 8.01 . An Event of Default shall be deemed to be continuing unless and until that Event of Default has been duly waived or otherwise cured as provided in Section 10.01 hereof. 
 9 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

Excluded Accounts shall mean (a) payroll accounts, (b) health savings accounts, worker s compensation accounts and other employee benefits accounts, (c) payroll withholding tax accounts and other tax (including sales tax) remittance accounts and (d) any other account that is used solely as an escrow account or as a fiduciary or trust account and not otherwise prohibited under this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 Excluded Assets has the meaning provided for such term in the Security Agreement. 
 Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to any Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its Lending Office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 10.13 or (ii) such Lender changes its Lending Office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 3.01(a)(ii), (a)(iii) or (c) , amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its Lending Office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 3.01(e) and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed pursuant to FATCA. 
 Executive Order has the meaning set forth in Section 10.18 . 
 Facility Guaranty means any Guarantee made by the Guarantors in favor of the Credit Parties, including as set forth in Article XI hereto or in any guaranty agreement in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 Fanatics means Fanatics Retail Group Fulfillment, LLC, and its permitted successors and assigns under the E-Commerce Agreement. 
 FASB ASC means the Accounting Standards Codification of the Financial Accounting Standards Board. 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471 (b) (1) of the Code, any intergovernmental agreements entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or official practices adopted pursuant to any such intergovernmental agreements. 
 Federal Funds Rate means, for any day, the rate per annum calculated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York based on such day s federal funds transactions by depository institutions (as determined in such manner as the Federal Reserve Bank of New York shall set forth on its public website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as the federal funds effective rate provided that if the Federal Funds Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Financial Consultant has the meaning set forth in Section 6.24 . 
 First Amendment means that certain First Amendment to Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of March 8, 2023, among the Loan Parties party thereto, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto. 
 First Amendment Acquisition has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 10 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

First Amendment Effective Date has the meaning specified in the First Amendment. 
 First Lien Agent means Bank of America, N.A., in its capacity as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent , as applicable, under the First Lien Loan Documents, and its permitted successors and assigns. 
 First Lien Credit Agreement means the Credit Agreement, dated as of August 3, 2015, by and among the Borrower, the other borrowers party thereto, the other loan parties party thereto, the lenders party thereto and the First Lien Agent, as amended, restated, amended and restated, modified, supplemented or waived prior to the Closing Date, and as may be further amended, restated, amended and restated, modified, supplemented or waived in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement. 
 First Lien Loan Documents means Loan Documents as defined in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 First Lien Second Amendment Effective Date means Second Amendment Effective Date as defined in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 Fiscal Month means any fiscal month of any Fiscal Year determined in accordance with the fiscal accounting calendar of the Loan Parties. 
 Fiscal Quarter means any fiscal quarter of any Fiscal Year determined in accordance with the fiscal accounting calendar of the Loan Parties. 
 Fiscal Year means any period of twelve (12) consecutive months ending on the Saturday that is closest to the last day of April of any calendar year. 
 FLC means Fanatics Lids College, Inc., together with its permitted successors and assigns under the Merchandising Agreement. 
 Foreign Assets Control Regulations has the meaning set forth in Section 10.18 . 
 Foreign Lender means (a) if the Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender that is not a U.S. Person, and (b) if the Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a Lender that is resident or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which such Borrower is resident for tax purposes. For purposes of this definition, the United States, each State thereof and the District of Columbia shall be deemed to constitute a single jurisdiction. 
 Foreign Subsidiary means any Subsidiary organized under the laws of a political subdivision outside of the United States. 
 FRB means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States. 
 FSHCO means any Domestic Subsidiary substantially all of the assets of which constitute Equity Interests or Indebtedness of CFCs. 
 Fully Satisfied means, with respect to any Secured Obligations or Obligations, as applicable, the full cash payment thereof, including all principal, interest and fees with respect thereto and any interest, fees and other charges accruing during a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law (whether or not such amounts are allowed or allowable in whole or in part in such proceeding), but shall not include any roll up of any Secured Obligations or Obligations in any debtor in possession financing during any such proceeding. For the avoidance of doubt, any requirement that a Secured Obligation or Obligation be Fully Satisfied or paid in full or similar provisions shall be deemed to refer only to Secured Obligations or Obligations that may be satisfied by cash payment (including cash collateral and similar arrangements) thereof. 
 11 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or such other principles as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession in the United States, that are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination, consistently applied. 
 Governmental Authority means the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 
 Guarantee means, as to any Person, any (a) any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such Person guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation payable or performable by another Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of such Person, direct or indirect, (i) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation, (ii) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance of such Indebtedness or other obligation, (iii) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity or level of income or cash flow of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation, or (iv) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part), or (b) any Lien on any assets of such Person securing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person, whether or not such Indebtedness or other obligation is assumed by such Person (or any right, contingent or otherwise, of any holder of such Indebtedness to obtain any such Lien), but excluding in all cases endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business. The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith. The term Guarantee as a verb has a corresponding meaning. 
 Guaranteed Obligations has the meaning specified in Section 11.01 . 
 Guarantor means each wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Borrower (other than any CFC, any Subsidiary of a CFC, any FSHCO or any Immaterial Subsidiary) and each other Subsidiary of the Borrower that is required to execute and deliver a Facility Guaranty pursuant to Section 6.12 6.12 provided , that (a) any Guarantors shall only cease to be a Guarantor as a result of such Guarantor ceasing to be a wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Borrower only if (i) at the time such Guarantor ceases to be a wholly-owned Subsidiary, the primary purpose of such transaction was for a bona fide business purpose (and, for the avoidance of doubt, any transaction the primary purpose of which is to evade the guarantee or collateral requirements pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be deemed not to be a bona fide business purpose for all purposes hereunder), (ii) the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying that any such transaction has been consummated in compliance with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and that such release is not prohibited hereby and (iii) such Guarantor that ceases to be a wholly-owned Subsidiary shall not own any Material IP and (b) no Loan Party as of the First Amendment Effective Date shall at any time constitute an Immaterial Subsidiary. 
 Hazardous Materials means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or 
 12 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law. 
 Immaterial Subsidiary means each Foreign Subsidiary and each other Subsidiary of the Borrower that has, in accordance with Section 6.02(a) hereof, been designated by the Borrower in its certificate to the Administrative Agent as an Immaterial Subsidiary for purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, provided , that (a) for purposes of this Agreement, at no time shall (i) the total assets of all Immaterial Subsidiaries, as of the end of the most recent Fiscal Quarter for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or Section 6.01(b) 6.01(b) hereof, equal or exceed five percent (5.0 of the Consolidated total assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, or (ii) any Immaterial Subsidiary own any assets included in the Borrowing Base or any Material IP, or (iii) the gross revenues of all Immaterial Subsidiaries for any Measurement Period equal or exceed five percent (5.0 of the Consolidated gross revenues of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such Measurement Period, in each case as determined in accordance with GAAP, and (b) no Subsidiary that has been designated or otherwise constitutes an Immaterial Subsidiary may be re-designated a Subsidiary or be treated under the Loan Documents as a Loan Party without the written approval of the Administrative Agent which approval will not be unreasonably withheld. As of the Second From and after the Third Amendment Effective Date, the no Subsidiaries specified on Schedule 1.03 hereto are the only Subsidiaries designated by the Borrower as shall be deemed Immaterial Subsidiaries for purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Indebtedness means, as to any Person at a particular time, without duplication, all of the following, whether or not included as indebtedness or liabilities in accordance with GAAP 
 (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money and all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements or other similar instruments 
 (b) all direct or contingent obligations of such Person arising under letters of credit (including standby and commercial), bankers acceptances, bank guaranties, surety bonds and similar instruments 
 (c) net obligations of such Person under any Swap Contract 
 (d) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade accounts payable and corporate and purchasing card obligations in the ordinary course of business and, in each case, paid in accordance with the payment terms thereof and otherwise not past due for more than 90 days) 
 (e) indebtedness (excluding prepaid interest thereon) secured by a Lien on property owned by such Person (including indebtedness arising under conditional sales or other title retention agreements), whether or not such indebtedness shall have been assumed by such Person or is limited in recourse 
 (f) all Attributable Indebtedness of such Person 
 (g) (i) all Disqualified Stock and (ii) subject to the penultimate sentence of the definition of Disqualified Stock, all other obligations of such Person to purchase, redeem, retire, defease or otherwise make any cash payment, in each case under this clause (ii), on or prior to the date that is one hundred twenty (120) days after the Maturity Date, in respect of any Equity Interest in such Person or any other Person, valued, in the case of a redeemable preferred interest, at the greater of its voluntary or involuntary liquidation preference plus accrued and unpaid dividends and 
 (h) all Guarantees of such Person in respect of any of the foregoing. 
 For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint venture that is itself a corporation or limited liability company) in which such Person is a general partner or a joint venturer, unless such Indebtedness is 
 13 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

expressly made non-recourse to such Person. The amount of any net obligation under any Swap Contract on any date shall be deemed to be the Swap Termination Value thereof as of such date. 
 Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in (a), Other Taxes. 
 Indemnitee has the meaning specified in Section 10.04(b) . 
 Information has the meaning specified in Section 10.07 . 
 Independent Board Members has the meaning specified in Section 6.25(a)(i). 
 Intellectual Property means all present and future trade secrets, know-how and other proprietary information trademarks, trademark applications, internet domain names, service marks, trade dress, trade names, business names, designs, logos, slogans (and all translations, adaptations, derivations and combinations of the foregoing) indicia and other source and or business identifiers, and all registrations or applications for registrations which have heretofore been or may hereafter be issued thereon throughout the world copyrights and copyright applications (including copyrights for computer programs) and all tangible and intangible property embodying the copyrights, unpatented inventions (whether or not patentable) patents and patent applications industrial design applications and registered industrial designs license agreements related to any of the foregoing books, records, writings, computer tapes or disks, flow diagrams, specification sheets, computer software, source codes, object codes, executable code, data, databases and other physical manifestations, embodiments or incorporations of any of the foregoing all other intellectual property and all common law and other rights throughout the world in and to all of the foregoing. 
 Intercreditor Agreement means that certain Subordination and Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of June 7, 2022, by and among the First Lien Agent, the Administrative Agent and the Loan Parties (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (including pursuant to the Mutual Consent and the Specified Event Letter Agreement Consents )) which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall constitute a Loan Document. 
 Interest Payment Date means the first day of each calendar quarter and the Maturity Date. 
 Internal Control Event means (a) with respect to the Borrower, a determination by management or the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Borrower or by the Borrower s Public Accountants that (i) a material weakness in internal controls over financial reporting, as described in PCAOB Auditing Standard No. 5, exists in the Borrower s internal control over financial reporting, or (ii) a member of the senior management of the Borrower has committed a material act of fraud, and (b) with respect to any Subsidiary of the Borrower, a determination by management or the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Borrower or by the Borrower s Public Accountants that (i) a material weakness in internal controls over financial reporting, as described in PCAOB Auditing Standard No. 5, exists in such Subsidiary s internal control over financial reporting, or (ii) a member of the senior management of such Subsidiary has committed an act of fraud, in either case under this clause (b) that could reasonably be expected to result in an Material Adverse Effect. 
 Inventory has the meaning given to that term in the UCC, and shall also include, without limitation, all (a) goods which (i) are leased by a Person as lessor, (ii) are held by a Person for sale or lease or to be furnished under a contract of service, (iii) are furnished by a Person under a contract of service, or (iv) consist of raw materials, work in process, or materials used or consumed in a business (b) goods of said description in transit (c) goods of said description which are returned, repossessed or rejected and (d) packaging, advertising, and shipping materials related to any of the foregoing. 
 Investment means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect acquisition or investment by such Person, whether by means of (a) the purchase or other acquisition of Equity Interests of another Person, (b) a loan, advance or capital contribution to, Guarantee or assumption of debt of, or purchase or other acquisition of any other debt or equity participation or interest in, another Person, including any 
 14 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

partnership or joint venture interest in such other Person and any arrangement pursuant to which the investor Guarantees Indebtedness of such other Person, or (c) any Acquisition provided , however , that any amount payable by a vendor to any Loan Party with respect to the return of inventory or supplies by such Loan Party to such vendor in the ordinary course of business shall not constitute an Investment hereunder so long as (i) such amount has not been outstanding for more than 150 days and (ii) such inventory is not then included in the Borrowing Base. For purposes of covenant compliance, the amount of any Investment shall be the amount actually invested, without adjustment for subsequent increases or decreases in the value of such Investment. 
 Investment Bank means, collectively, Houlihan Lokey and its Affiliates (or any substitute or replacement investment banker acceptable to the Administrative Agent). 
 IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
 Joinder Agreement means an agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto and otherwise in form satisfactory to the Administrative Agent pursuant to which, among other things, a Person becomes a party to, and bound by the terms of, this Agreement and or the other Loan Documents in the same capacity and to the same extent as a Guarantor. 
 Laws means each international, foreign, federal, state and local statute, treaty, rule, guideline, regulation, ordinance, code and administrative or judicial precedent or authority, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and each applicable administrative order, directed duty, request, license, authorization and permit of, and agreement with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law, including, without limitation, all Environmental Laws. 
 Lease means any agreement, whether written or oral, no matter how styled or structured, pursuant to which a Loan Party is entitled to the use or occupancy of any real property for any period of time. 
 Lender has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto and includes any Lender indicated on Schedule 2.01 and any other Person who hereafter becomes a Lender pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption. 
 
 Lending Office means, as to any Lender, the office or offices of such Lender described as such in such Lender s Administrative Questionnaire, or such other office or offices as a Lender may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, which office may include any Affiliate of such Lender or any domestic or foreign branch of such Lender or such Affiliate. Unless the context otherwise requires each reference to a Lender shall include its applicable Lending Office. 
 
 Licensed Merchandise means (a) with respect to merchandise subject to the Merchandising Agreement, Licensed Merchandise as defined therein and (b) with respect to merchandise subject to the E-Commerce Agreement, Licensed Merchandise as defined therein. 
 Licensed Merchandise Account has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 Lien means (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, or preference, priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement in the nature of a security interest of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale, Capital Lease Obligation, Synthetic Lease Obligation, or other title retention agreement, any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to real property, and any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing) and (b) in the case of securities, any purchase option, call or similar right of a third party with respect to such securities. 
 Liquidation means the exercise by the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent of those rights and remedies accorded to such Agents under the Loan Documents and applicable Law as a creditor of the Loan Parties with respect to the realization on the Collateral, including (after the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default) the conduct by the Loan Parties acting with the consent of the 
 15 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

Collateral Agent, of any public, private or going-out-of-business , store closing or other similar sale or any other disposition of the Collateral for the purpose of liquidating the Collateral. Derivations of the word Liquidation (such as Liquidate are used with like meaning in this Agreement. 
 Liquidity means, at any time, Availability plus cash and cash equivalents of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries at such time. 
 Loan means an extension of credit by a Lender to the Borrower under Article II . 
 Loan Documents means this Agreement, each Note, the Security Documents, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Facility Guaranty, the Confirmation Agreement, and any other instrument or agreement now or hereafter executed and delivered in connection herewith, each as amended and in effect from time to time. 
 Loan Party means the Borrower and each Guarantor. 
 Material Adverse Effect means (a) a material adverse change in, or a material adverse effect upon, the operations, business, properties, liabilities (actual or contingent), or financial condition of any Loan Party or the Borrower and the other Loan Parties taken as a whole (b) impairment of the ability of any Loan Party to perform its material obligations under any material Loan Document to which it is a party or (c) a material impairment of the rights and remedies of the Agent or the Lenders under any material Loan Document or a material adverse effect upon the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability against any Loan Party of any Loan Document to which it is a party. In determining whether any individual event would result in a Material Adverse Effect, notwithstanding that such event in and of itself does not have such effect, a Material Adverse Effect may be deemed to have occurred if the cumulative effect of such event and all other then existing events would result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Material Indebtedness means Indebtedness (other than the Obligations) of the Loan Parties in an aggregate principal amount exceeding 15,000,000. For purposes of determining the amount of Material Indebtedness at any time, the amount of the obligations in respect of any Swap Contract at such time shall be calculated at the Swap Termination Value thereof. 
 Material IP means any intellectual property owned by the Borrower or any Subsidiary to the extent such intellectual property is material to the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (taken as a whole). 
 Material Storage Location means any warehouse or other leased storage or distribution facility in which 10,000,000 or more of Inventory is or may be located from time to time 
 Material Store Acquisition means the acquisition of more than 50 bookstore contracts or leases in a single transaction or series of related transactions, either through assumption or replacement of existing contracts or leases between third parties and the applicable college, university or other educational institution. 
 Maturity Date means December April 7, 2024 2025 provided that if such day is not a Business Day, the Maturity Date shall be the Business Day immediately preceding such day. 
 Maximum Rate has the meaning provided therefor in Section 10.09 . 
 Measurement Period means, at any date of determination, the most recently completed twelve (12) consecutive Fiscal Months of the Borrower for which financial statements have or should have been delivered in accordance with Section 6.01 . 6.01 provided, however, that for purposes of determining compliance with Section 7.15(a) (until a full Fiscal Year has elapsed since the Fiscal Year ended April 2023), the Measurement Period shall mean the period of consecutive Fiscal Months of the Borrower elapsed since the Fiscal Year ended April 2023 and for which financial statements have or should have been delivered in accordance with Section 6.01. 
 16 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

Merchandising Agreement means that certain Store Merchandising Agreement, dated as of December 20, 2020, among Borrower, Barnes & Noble College Booksellers, LLC BNCB , and MBS Textbook Exchange, LLC, and FLC, as in effect on the Third Amendment Effective Date and as it may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance herewith therewith . 
 Merchandising Agreement Side Letter has the meaning specified in the Third Amendment. means that certain Amended and Restated Proceeds Lien Release Letter Agreement, dated as of July 6, 2023, by and among Borrower, BNCB and MBS Textbook Exchange, LLC, FLC, and First Lien Agent, and as it may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance therewith. 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto. 
 Multiemployer Plan means any employee benefit plan of the type described in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which a Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions, or during the preceding three plan years, has made or been obligated to make contributions. 
 Multiple Employer Plan means a Plan which has two or more contributing sponsors (including the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate) at least two of whom are not under common control, as such a plan is described in Section 4064 of ERISA. 
 Mutual Consent means , collectively, that certain (a) the Mutual Consent and Agreement, dated as of the First Amendment Effective Date, by and among the First Lien Agent, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and acknowledged and agreed to by the Borrower and the other Loan Parties , (b) the Specified Event Letter Agreement and (c) Mutual Consent and Agreement, dated as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, by and among the First Lien Agent, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders , and acknowledged and agreed to by the Borrower and the other Loan Parties. 
 Net Proceeds means (a) with respect to any Disposition, the excess, if any, of (i) the sum of cash and cash equivalents received in connection with such transaction (including any cash or cash equivalents received by way of deferred payment pursuant to, or by monetization of, a note receivable or otherwise, but only as and when so received) over (ii) the sum of (A) the principal amount of any Indebtedness that is secured by the applicable asset by a Lien permitted hereunder which is senior to the Collateral Agent s Lien on such asset and that is required to be repaid (or to establish an escrow for the future repayment thereof) in connection with such transaction (other than Indebtedness under the Loan Documents or Indebtedness under the First Lien Credit Agreement), (B) the reasonable and customary out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such Loan Party in connection with such transaction (including, without limitation, appraisals, and brokerage, legal, title and recording or transfer tax expenses and commissions) paid by any Loan Party to third parties (other than Affiliates)), (C) commercially reasonable amounts provided as a funded reserve against any liabilities under any indemnification obligations or purchase price adjustments associated with such Dispositions, and (D) all federal, state, provincial, foreign and local taxes required to be accrued as a liability under GAAP, and (b) with respect to the sale or issuance of any Equity Interest by any Loan Party, or the incurrence or issuance of any Indebtedness by any Loan Party, the excess of (i) the sum of the cash and cash equivalents received in connection with such transaction over (ii) the sum of (x) the underwriting discounts and commissions or arrangement or commitment fees payable, and other reasonable and customary out-of-pocket expenses, incurred by such Loan Party in connection therewith and (y) all distributions and other payments required to be made to minority interest holders in such Person as a result of such sale. 
 Non-Consenting Lender has the meaning provided therefor in Section 10.01 . 
 Note means (a) a promissory note made by the Borrower in favor of a Lender evidencing Loans made by such Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit A , as may be amended, supplemented or modified from time to time. 
 17 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

Obligations means all advances to, and debts (including principal, interest, fees, costs, and expenses), liabilities, obligations, covenants, indemnities, and duties of, any Loan Party arising under any Loan Document or otherwise with respect to any Loan (including payments in respect of reimbursement of disbursements and interest thereon), whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest, fees, costs and expenses that accrue after the commencement by or against any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest, fees, costs and expenses are allowed claims in such proceeding. 
 OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury. 
 Organization Documents means, (a) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction) (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization and operating agreement and (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or organization and any agreement, instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any certificate or articles of formation or organization of such entity. 
 Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 
 Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 3.06 ). 
 Outstanding Amount means on any date, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Loans after giving effect to any prepayments or repayments of Loans occurring on such date. 
 Participant has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(d) . 
 Participant Register has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(d) . 
 Patriot Act shall have the meaning provided in Section 4.01(f) . 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. 
 PCAOB means the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. 
 Pension Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA), other than a Multiemployer Plan, that is subject to Title IV of ERISA and is sponsored or maintained by a Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate or to which a Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate contributes or has an obligation to contribute, or in the case of a Multiple Employer Plan, has made contributions at any time during the immediately preceding three plan years. 
 Perfection Certificate means that certain Perfection Certificate, dated as of the Closing Date, made by the Borrower to the Collateral Agent. 
 18 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

Permitted Acquisition means, subject to the proviso at the end of this definition, an Acquisition in which all of the following conditions are satisfied 
 (a) no Default then exists or would arise from the consummation of such Acquisition 
 (b) (i) if such Acquisition will be funded in whole or in part by proceeds of Loans, such Acquisition is not hostile and (ii) any assets acquired shall be utilized in, and if the Acquisition involves a merger, consolidation or stock acquisition, the Person which is the subject of such Acquisition shall be engaged in, a business substantially the same as one or more line or lines of Business 
 (c) the Borrower shall have furnished the Administrative Agent with at least seven (7) days prior written notice (or such shorter period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion) of each such intended Acquisition, including confirmation that all conditions to such intended Acquisition under this definition have been satisfied or will be satisfied in accordance with the terms hereof 
 (d) if as of the notice date determined in accordance with the foregoing clause (c) with respect to such proposed Acquisition (in a single or series of related transactions) (i) Availability is less than or equal to fifty percent (50.0 of the Aggregate Loan Cap as of such date and (ii) the aggregate consideration (whether in cash, tangible property, notes or other property) is equal to or in excess of 30,000,000, the Borrower promptly (and in any event, no less than seven (7) Business Days prior to the consummation of such Acquisition or such shorter period as may otherwise be agreed by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) shall furnish to the Administrative Agent such documentation, if any, that the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, which may include a current draft of the documents, agreements and instruments contemplated to be executed in connection therewith (and final copies thereof as and when executed), and a summary of any due diligence undertaken by the Loan Parties in connection with such Acquisition in the form prepared by the Loan Parties for their internal purposes and 
 (e) either, 
 (i) Projected Excess Availability and Pro Forma Excess Availability as of the date of consummation of such Acquisition will be equal to or greater than twelve and one half percent (12.5 of the Aggregate Loan Cap and the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, on a pro-forma basis for the Measurement Period immediately prior to such Acquisition, will be equal to or greater than 1.0 to 1.0 or 
 (ii) Projected Excess Availability and Pro Forma Excess Availability as of the date of consummation of such Acquisition will be equal to or greater than twenty percent (20.0 of the Aggregate Loan Cap 
 provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, from and after the First Amendment Effective Date, no Acquisition shall constitute a Permitted Acquisition. 
 Permitted Disposition has the meaning specified in Section 7.05 . 
 Permitted Encumbrances has the meaning specified in Section 7.01 . 
 Permitted Indebtedness has the meaning specified in Section 7.03 . 
 Permitted Investments has the meaning specified in Section 7.02 . 
 Permitted Refinancing means, with respect to any Indebtedness, any refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension of such Indebtedness, so long as (i) the amount of such Indebtedness is not increased 
 19 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

at the time of such refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension except by an amount equal to a reasonable premium or other reasonable amount paid, and fees and expenses reasonably incurred, in connection with such refinancing and by an amount equal to any existing commitments unutilized thereunder, and the direct or contingent obligor with respect thereto is not changed as a result of or in connection with such refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension, (ii) such extension, renewal or replacement shall not result in an earlier maturity date or decreased weighted average life of such Indebtedness, and (iii) the terms relating to principal amount, amortization, maturity, collateral (if any) and subordination (if any), and other material terms taken as a whole, of any such refinancing, refunding, renewing or extending Indebtedness, and of any agreement entered into and of any instrument issued in connection therewith, are not materially less favorable, taken as a whole, to the Credit Parties than the terms of any agreement or instrument governing the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended or are otherwise market terms. 
 Permitted Self-Insurance Program means a self-insurance program of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties (a)(i) that is permitted under applicable Laws, (ii) of an amount and type customarily carried by Persons engaged in the same or similar business and operating in the same or similar locations, (iii) with respect to which the Borrower has provided the Administrative Agent notice of activation of such program at least 30 days prior to such program becoming effective, and (iv) that otherwise satisfies the requirements set forth in Section 6.07 provided , however , that no self-insurance program may directly insure all or any portion of the Collateral unless (x) such self-insurance program satisfies the foregoing requirements and (y) the First Lien Agent consents in writing to the form and substance of such self-insurance program and (b) with respect to worker s compensation that is permitted under applicable Laws and of an amount and type customarily carried by Persons engaged in the same or similar business and operating in the same or similar locations. 
 Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, limited partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 
 PIK Interest has the meaning specified in Section 2.08(c) . 
 Plan means any employee benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) established by the Borrower or, with respect to any such plan that is subject to Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of ERISA, any ERISA Affiliate. 
 Platform has the meaning specified in Section 6.02 . 
 Prior Week has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 Pro Forma Excess Availability means, for any date of calculation, the pro forma average Availability for each Fiscal Month for the Six Month Period most recently ended prior to such date of calculation determined as if the applicable transaction or payment had been consummated as the beginning of such Six Month Period. 
 Projected Excess Availability means, for any date of calculation, the projected average Availability for each Fiscal Month during the Six Month Period immediately following such date of calculation. 
 PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 Public Lender has the meaning specified in Section 6.02 . 
 Qualifying Disposition means any Disposition pursuant to Section 7.05(l) 7.05(l) generating Net Proceeds in excess of 1,000,000, the Net Proceeds of which are not required to be applied to the prepayment of the obligations under the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 20 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

Qualifying Refinancing Transaction means a debt or equity financing transaction entered into for the purposes of refinancing the Obligations and generating Net Proceeds in an amount sufficient to repay all outstanding FILO Loans under and as defined in the First Lien Credit Agreement, subject to the limitations set forth in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
 QFC has the meaning specified in Section 11.14(b) . 
 QFC Credit Support has the meaning specified in Section 11.14 . 
 Real Estate means (i) all land, together with the buildings, structures, parking areas, and other improvements thereon, now or hereafter owned by any Loan Party, including all easements, rights-of-way, and similar rights of a Loan Party or in favor of a Loan Party relating thereto and all leases, tenancies, and occupancies thereof and (ii) all Leases. 
 Real Property means real property as such term is used in the UCC. 
 Recipient means the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any Lender, or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party hereunder. 
 Register has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(c) . 
 Registered Public Accounting Firm has the meaning specified by the Securities Laws, if and to the extent such Registered Public Accounting Firm is nationally recognized, and shall be independent of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as prescribed by the Securities Laws. 
 Regulation U means Regulation U of the FRB, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 Related Parties means, with respect to any Person, such Person s Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors and representatives of such Person and of such Person s Affiliates. 
 Relevant Governmental Body means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. 
 Reportable Event means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than events for which the 30 day notice period has been waived. 
 Reports has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 Required Lenders means, as of any date of determination, Lenders holding more than 50.0 of the outstanding Loans. 
 Rescindable Amount has the meaning as defined in Section 2.12(b)(ii) . 
 Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 Responsible Officer means the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, treasurer or assistant treasurer or vice president or director of finance of a Loan Party or any of the other individuals designated in writing to the Administrative Agent by an existing Responsible Officer of a Loan Party as an authorized signatory of any certificate or other document to be delivered hereunder, provided , that solely for purposes of the delivery of incumbency certificates pursuant to Section 4.01 , Responsible Officer shall also include the secretary or any assistant secretary of a Loan Party. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party shall be 
 21 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and or other action on the part of such Loan Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party. 
 Restricted Payment means any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any capital stock or other Equity Interest of any Person, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, defeasance, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such capital stock or other Equity Interest, or on account of any return of capital to such Person s stockholders, partners or members (or the equivalent of any thereof), or any option, warrant or other right to acquire any such dividend or other distribution or payment. Without limiting the foregoing, Restricted Payments with respect to any Person shall also include all payments made by such Person with any proceeds of a dissolution or liquidation of such Person. 
 S&P means Standard & Poor s Financial Services LLC, a subsidiary of S&P Global Inc. and any successor thereto. 
 Sanction(s) means any sanction administered or enforced by the United States Government (including without limitation, OFAC), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majesty s Treasury HMT or other relevant sanctions authority 
 Sarbanes-Oxley means the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Scheduled Unavailability Date has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(c) . 
 SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions. 
 Second Amendment means that certain Second Amendment to Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of May 24, 2023, among the Borrower, the other Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto. 
 Second Amendment Effective Date means the Second Amendment Effective Date as defined in the Second Amendment. 
 Second Amendment Effective Date has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 Secured Obligations means all Obligations and all Guaranteed Obligations. 
 Securities Account Control Agreement means with respect to a securities account established by a Loan Party, an agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, establishing Control (as defined in the Security Agreement) of such account by the Collateral Agent. 
 Securities Laws means the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Sarbanes-Oxley, and the applicable accounting and auditing principles, rules, standards and practices promulgated, approved or incorporated by the SEC or the PCAOB. 
 Security Agreement means the Second Lien Security Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, among the Loan Parties and the Collateral Agent. 
 Security Documents means the Security Agreement, the Blocked Account Agreements, the Securities Account Control Agreements, the DDA Notifications, the deposit account control agreement with respect to the Licensed Merchandise Account and each other security agreement or other instrument or document executed and delivered to the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document granting a Lien to secure any of the Secured Obligations (including, without limitation, any 
 22 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

Lien that may be granted from time to time upon all or any portion of the Excluded Assets in accordance with Section 6.12(e) ). 
 Shareholders Equity means, as of any date of determination, consolidated shareholders equity of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of that date determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 Six Month Period means any period of six (6) consecutive Fiscal Months taken as one accounting period. 
 Solvent and Solvency means, with respect to any Person on a particular date, that on such date (a) at fair valuation, the value of all of the properties and assets of such Person are greater than the sum of the debts, including contingent liabilities, of such Person, (b) the present fair saleable value of the properties and assets of such Person is not less than the amount that would be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts as they become absolute and matured, (c) such Person is able to realize upon its properties and assets and pay its debts and other liabilities, contingent obligations and other commitments as they mature in the normal course of business, (d) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts beyond such Person s ability to pay as such debts mature, and (e) such Person is not engaged in a business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in a business or transaction, for which such Person s properties and assets would constitute unreasonably small capital after giving due consideration to the prevailing practices in the industry in which such Person is engaged. The amount of all guarantees at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in light of all the facts and circumstances existing at the time, can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability. 
 Specified Default means any event or condition that constitutes, or with the passage of time would constitute, an Event of Default under any of clauses (a), (f), (g), (k) or (l) of Section 8.01 . 
 Specified Event means a liquidity event, which may include a sale of Equity Interests or a Disposition of assets related to one or more of the Loan Parties business units and any associated Intellectual Property used exclusively therewith, in each case, that is made for all cash consideration and specified to the Administrative Agent in writing as of the First Amendment Effective Date or, with the written consent of the Administrative Agent, prior to the consummation thereof provided, however, in each case such liquidity event (including, without limitation, the applicable Loan Parties application of the proceeds thereof) is in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement. 
 Specified Event Closing Date means each date that a Specified Event is consummated. 
 Specified Liquidity Transaction has the meaning set forth in Section 6.23(c)(i). 
 Specified Event Letter Agreement shall mean that certain Letter Agreement, dated as of May 24, 2023 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) by and among the First Lien Agent, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and acknowledged and agreed to by the Loan Parties. 
 Specified Refinancing Transaction has the meaning specified in Section 6.23(b) . 
 Store means any retail store (which may include any real property, fixtures, equipment, inventory and other property related thereto) operated, or to be operated, by any Loan Party. 
 Successor Rate has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(b). 
 Subsidiary of a Person means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other business entity of which a majority of the shares Equity Interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body (other than securities or interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) are at the time beneficially owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more 
 23 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

intermediaries, or both, by such Person. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of a Loan Party. 
 Supported QFC has the meaning specified in Section 11.14 . 
 Swap Contract means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a Master Agreement ), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement. 
 Swap Obligations means with respect to the Borrower or any Guarantor any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of Section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 Swap Termination Value means, in respect of any one or more Swap Contracts, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Swap Contracts, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Contracts have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Swap Contracts, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap Contracts (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender). 
 Synthetic Lease Obligation means the monetary obligation of a Person under (a) a so-called synthetic, off-balance sheet or tax retention lease, or (b) an agreement for the use or possession of property (including sale and leaseback transactions), in each case, creating obligations that do not appear on the balance sheet of such Person but which, upon the application of any Debtor Relief Laws to such Person, would be characterized as the indebtedness of such Person (without regard to accounting treatment). 
 Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholdings), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 Termination Date means the earliest to occur of (i) the Maturity Date or (ii) the date on which the maturity of the Obligations is accelerated (or deemed accelerated) in accordance with Article VIII . 
 Third Amendment has the meaning specified in the First Lien certain Third Amendment to Term Loan Credit Agreement , dated as of July 28, 2023, among the Borrower, the other Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto . 
 Third Amendment Effective Date has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement means the Third Amendment Effective Date as defined in the Third Amendment . 
 Trading With the Enemy Act has the meaning set forth in Section 10.18 . 
 Transaction Committee Resolutions has the meaning specified in Section 6.25(a). 
 24 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

Twelve Month Period means any period of twelve (12) consecutive Fiscal Months taken as one accounting period. 
 UCC or Uniform Commercial Code means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of New York provided , however , that if a term is defined in Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code differently than in another Article thereof, the term shall have the meaning set forth in Article 9 provided further that, if by reason of mandatory provisions of law, perfection, or the effect of perfection or non-perfection, of a security interest in any Collateral or the availability of any remedy hereunder is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in a jurisdiction other than the State of New York, Uniform Commercial Code means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in such other jurisdiction for purposes of the provisions hereof relating to such perfection or effect of perfection or non-perfection or availability of such remedy, as the case may be. 
 UFCA has the meaning specified in Section 10.21(d) . 
 UFTA has the meaning specified in Section 10.21(d) . 
 UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person subject to IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 Unfunded Pension Liability means the excess of a Pension Plan s benefit liabilities under Section 4001(a)(16) of ERISA, over the current value of that Pension Plan s assets, determined in accordance with the assumptions used for funding the Pension Plan pursuant to Section 412 of the Code for the applicable plan year. 
 United States and U.S. mean the United States of America. 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any Business Day, except any Business Day on which any of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, the New York Stock Exchange or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is not open for business because such day is a legal holiday under the federal laws of the United States or the laws of the State of New York, as applicable 
 U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States Person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(e)(ii)(B)(III) . 
 VitalSource Supply Contract means that certain Amended & Restated Digital Content and Platform Services Agreement, dated as of August 19, 2019, and as in effect as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, by and between VitalSource Technologies LLC and the Borrower. 
 Variance Testing Period has the meaning specified in the First Lien Credit Agreement. 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right 
 25 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 Other Interpretive Provisions . With reference to this Agreement and each other Loan Document, unless otherwise specified herein or in such other Loan Document 
 (a) The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall . Unless the context requires otherwise, (i) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document (including any Organization Document) shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein or in any other Loan Document), (ii) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns, (iii) the words herein , hereof and hereunder , and words of similar import when used in any Loan Document, shall be construed to refer to such Loan Document in its entirety and not to any particular provision thereof, (iv) all references in a Loan Document to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, the Loan Document in which such references appear, (v) any reference to any law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending replacing or interpreting such law and any reference to any law or regulation shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such law or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, (vi) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights and (vii) except to the extent otherwise set forth in this Agreement, the word promptly when used with respect to any action or delivery by any Loan Party shall mean as soon as reasonably possible, but no later than five (5) Business Days. 
 (b) In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including the words to and until each mean to but excluding and the word through means to and including . 
 (c) Section headings herein and in the other Loan Documents are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (d) Any reference herein to a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, consolidation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, shall be deemed to apply to a division of or by a limited liability company, or an allocation of assets to a series of a limited liability company (or the unwinding of such a division or allocation), as if it were a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, consolidation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, as applicable, to, of or with a separate Person. Any division of a limited liability company shall constitute a separate Person hereunder (and each division of any limited liability company that is a Subsidiary, joint venture or any other like term shall also constitute such a Person or entity). 
 Accounting Terms. 
 (a) Generally . All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP applied on a consistent basis, as in effect from time to time, applied in a manner consistent with that used in preparing the Audited Financial Statements for the fiscal year ended May 1, 2021, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of determining compliance with any covenant (including the computation of any financial covenant) contained herein, Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall be deemed to be carried at 100 of the outstanding principal amount thereof, and the effects of FASB ASC 825 and FASB ASC 470-20 on financial liabilities shall be disregarded. 
 26 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

(b) Changes in GAAP . If at any time any change in GAAP would affect the computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan Document, and either the Borrower or the Required Lenders shall so request, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP (subject to the approval of the Required Lenders) provided , that until so amended, (i) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein and (ii) the Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP. Without limiting the foregoing, leases shall continue to be classified and accounted for on a basis consistent with that reflected in the Audited Financial Statements for the fiscal year ended May 1, 2021 for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding any change in GAAP relating thereto, unless the parties hereto shall enter into a mutually acceptable amendment addressing such changes, as provided for above. 
 (c) Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities . All references herein to consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or to the determination of any amount for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis or any similar reference shall, in each case, be deemed to include each variable interest entity that the Borrower is required to consolidate pursuant to FASB ASC 810 as if such variable interest entity were a Subsidiary as defined herein. 
 Rounding . Any financial ratios required to be maintained by the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearest number). 
 Times of Day Interest Rates . Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to Eastern time (daylight or standard, as applicable). The Administrative Agent does not warrant, nor accept responsibility, nor shall the Administrative Agent have any liability with respect to the administration, submission or any other matter related to any reference rate referred to herein or with respect to any rate (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the selection of such rate and any related spread or other adjustment) that is an alternative or replacement for or successor to any such rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing) or the effect of any of the foregoing, or of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions or other activities that affect any reference rate referred to herein, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing) or any related spread or other adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any reference rate referred to herein or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing), in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or other action or omission related to or affecting the selection, determination, or calculation of any rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 
 Intentionally Omitted . . 
 Ratio Adjustments for Acquisitions and Dispositions . 
 (a) Ratio Acquisition Adjustments . Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, for purposes of calculating the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio or the Consolidated Adjusted Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for any period (or a portion of a period) that includes the date of the consummation of any Permitted Acquisition, references to Borrower and the other Loan Parties shall include each acquired Person (if such Person becomes a Loan Party during such period of measurement), or lines of business, as applicable, and the Consolidated EBITDA and each other component of Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio and Consolidated Adjusted Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, as 
 27 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

applicable, of such acquired Person (if such Person becomes a Loan Party during such period of measurement) or line of business (such Consolidated EBITDA and other components to be formulated on the basis of the definitions set forth herein), as if the Acquisition had been consummated on the first day of any such period of measurement. 
 (b) Ratio Disposition Adjustments . Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, for purposes of calculating the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio or the Consolidated Adjusted Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for any period (or a portion of a period) that includes the date of any Disposition of a Loan Party or line of business, as applicable, Consolidated EBITDA and each other component of Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio and Consolidated Adjusted Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, as applicable, shall be determined on a historical pro forma basis to exclude the results of operations of such Loan Party or line of business, as applicable so disposed. 
 THE COMMITMENTS AND LOANS 
 Loans . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender severally agrees to make term loans (each such loan, a Loan to the Borrower on the Closing Date, in an aggregate outstanding amount not to exceed the amount of such Lender s Commitment. The borrowing on the Closing Date shall consist of Loans made simultaneously by the Lenders in accordance with their respective Commitments. Amounts borrowed under this Section 2.01 and repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. 
 Intentionally Omitted. 
 Intentionally Omitted. 
 Intentionally Omitted. 
 Prepayments . . 
 (a) Voluntary Prepayments of Loans . The Borrower may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent and delivery to the Administrative Agent of a prepayment notice in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, at any time or from time to time voluntarily prepay Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty provided , that (i) such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11 00 a.m. on the date of prepayment and (ii) any prepayment shall be in a principal amount of 500,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof, or, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding. Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Lender of its receipt of each such notice, and of the amount of such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such prepayment. The Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. Any voluntary prepayment of any Loan shall be accompanied by all accrued interest on the amount prepaid. Each such prepayment shall be applied to the Loans pro rata . 
 (b) Mandatory Prepayments in connection with Qualifying Disposition . If any Loan Party consummates a Qualifying Disposition or upon the occurrence of any Specified Event, the Borrower shall prepay an aggregate principal amount of Loans equal to 100 of the Net Proceeds received from such Qualifying Disposition or Specified Event, promptly upon receipt thereof by such Person, subject to the terms and conditions of the Intercreditor Agreement. Each such mandatory prepayment shall be applied to the Loans pro rata . 
 (c) Mandatory Prepayment in connection with Qualifying Refinancing Transaction . If any Loan Party consummates a Qualifying Refinancing Transaction, the Borrower shall, concurrently with the consummation of such Qualifying Refinancing Transaction, prepay an aggregate principal amount of the Loans equal to (i) 100 of the Net Proceeds from such Qualifying Refinancing Transaction minus (ii) the aggregate outstanding amount of FILO Loans under and as defined in the First Lien Credit 
 28 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

Agreement at such time. Each such mandatory prepayment shall be applied to the Loans pro rata. Reserved . 
 Termination of Commitments . The aggregate Commitments shall be automatically and permanently reduced to zero on the Closing Date after the borrowing of the Loans. 
 Repayment of Loans at Maturity . The Borrower shall repay to the Lenders the then outstanding principal amount of the Loans on the Maturity Date. 
 Interest . . 
 (a) Subject to the provisions of Section 2.08(b) below, the Loans shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof at a rate per annum equal to 11.25 . 
 (b) 
 If any amount payable by the Loan Parties under any Loan Document is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, such amount shall thereafter bear interest at the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. 
 Upon the request of the Required Lenders, while any Event of Default exists (other than as set forth in clause (b)(i)), the Borrower shall pay interest on the principal amount of all outstanding Obligations hereunder at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. 
 (i) Accrued and unpaid interest on past due amounts (including interest on past due interest) shall be due and payable upon demand. 
 (c) Subject to Section 2.08(d) below and except as provided in Section 2.08(b)(iii), interest on the Loans shall be due and payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date and at such other times as may be specified herein. Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law. 
 (d) At the option of the Borrower, with respect to any payment of interest payable on an Interest Payment Date (i) on or prior to December 31, 2022 or (ii) between the Third Amendment Effective Date and September 2, 2024 , one hundred percent (100 of each such payment may be paid in kind (the PIK Interest ). Such PIK Interest shall be automatically capitalized on the applicable Interest Payment Date by adding the amount thereof to the outstanding principal amount of the Loans. For the avoidance of doubt, following such increase in the principal amount of the outstanding Loans upon a payment of PIK Interest on such Interest Payment Date, the Loans shall bear interest on such increased principal amount from and after the date of such Interest Payment Date, and all references herein or in any other Loan Document to the principal amount of the Loans shall include all interest accrued and capitalized as a result of any payment of the PIK Interest. 
 Fees . . 
 (e) Anniversary Fee . Solely to the extent that any Loans remain outstanding at such time, the Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent in cash, for distribution to the Lenders on a pro rata basis, a fee of 1.50 of the then outstanding principal amount of the Loans, on the first each anniversary of the Closing Date. Notwithstanding anything else in this Section 2.09(a) to the contrary, any such fee due between the Third Amendment Effective Date and September 2, 2024 shall be payable on the earlier of September 2, 2024 and the Termination Date. 
 Administrative Agent Fee . The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, an annual administrative agent fee equal to 50,000, which fee shall be earned by, and 
 29 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

payable to the Administrative Agent, quarterly in advance on the Closing Date and, thereafter, quarterly in advance on each three-month anniversary of the Closing Date for so long as any Obligation hereunder (other than contingent indemnification obligations as to which no claim has been asserted) shall not be Fully Satisfied. 
 (f) Third Amendment Fee. The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent, ratably for the account of each Lender that has executed and delivered a counterpart of the Third Amendment, a non-refundable amendment fee equal to 50,000, which fee shall be earned by the Administrative Agent as of the Third Amendment Effective Date and payable to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the earlier of September 2, 2024 and the Termination Date. 
 Computation of Interest and Fees . All computations of fees and interest shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed (which results in more fees or interest, as applicable, being paid than if computed on the basis of a 365-day year). Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which the Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid, provided , that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to Section 2.12(a) , bear interest for one day. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 
 Evidence of Debt . The Loans made by each Lender shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records maintained by such Lender in the ordinary course of business. The Administrative Agent shall maintain the Register in accordance with Section 10.06(c) . The accounts or records maintained by each Lender shall be conclusive absent manifest error of the amount of the Loans made by the Lenders to the Borrower and the interest and payments thereon. Any failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrower hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the Obligations. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the Register, the Register shall control in the absence of manifest error. Upon the request of any Lender made through the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall execute and deliver to such Lender (through the Administrative Agent) a Note, which shall evidence such Lender s Loans in addition to such accounts or records. Each Lender may attach schedules to its Note and endorse thereon the date, Type (if applicable), amount and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto. Any failure to so attach or endorse, or any error in doing so, shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrower hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the Obligations. Upon receipt of an affidavit of a Lender as to the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of such Lender s Note with appropriate indemnification provisions in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower and upon cancellation of such Note, the Borrower will issue, in lieu thereof, a replacement Note in favor of such Lender, in the same principal amount thereof and otherwise of like tenor. 
 Payments Generally Administrative Agent s Clawback . 
 (g) General . All payments to be made by the Borrower shall be made without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrower hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the Administrative Agent s Office in Dollars and in immediately available funds not later than 2 00 p.m. on the date specified herein. The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Applicable Percentage (or other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lender s Lending Office. All payments received by the Administrative Agent after 2 00 p.m. shall, at the option of the Administrative Agent, be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue. If any payment to be made by the Borrower shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be. 
 (h) Presumption by Administrative Agent . 
 (i) reserved . 
 30 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

Payments by Borrower Presumptions by Administrative Agent . Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders the amount due. With respect to any payment that the Administrative Agent makes for the account of the Lenders hereunder as to which the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that any of the following applies (such payment referred to as the Rescindable Amount (1) the Borrower has not in fact made such payment (2) the Administrative Agent has made a payment in excess of the amount so paid by the Borrower (whether or not then owed) or (3) the Administrative Agent has for any reason otherwise erroneously made such payment, then each of the Lenders severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount so distributed to such Lender, in immediately available funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. Each Credit Party irrevocably waives any and all defenses, including any discharge for value (under which a creditor might otherwise claim a right to retain funds mistakenly paid by a third party in respect of a debt owed by another) or similar defense to its obligation to return any Rescindable Amount. 
 A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or the Borrower with respect to any amount owing under this clause (b) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 (j) Failure to Satisfy Conditions Precedent . If any Lender makes available to the Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Article II , and such funds are not made available to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent because the conditions to the borrowing on the Closing Date set forth in Section 4.01 are not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms hereof, the Administrative Agent promptly shall return such funds (in like funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest. 
 (k) Obligations of Lenders Several . The obligations of the Lenders hereunder to make Loans and to make payments pursuant to Section 10.04(c) and Section 9.14 are several and not joint. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan or to make any payment under Section 10.04(c) or Section 9.14 on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Loan or to make its payment under Section 10.04(c) or Section 9.14 . 
 (l) Funding Source . Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner. 
 (m) Insufficient Funds. If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first, toward payment of interest and fees then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and fees then due to such parties, and (ii) second, toward payment of principal then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal then due to such parties. 
 Pro Rata Treatment Sharing of Payments by Lenders . 
 Except as expressly permitted (or required) under this Agreement, (i) each payment by the Borrower of interest and fees in respect of the Loans shall be applied to the amounts of such obligations owing to the Lenders pro rata according to the respective amounts then due and owing to the Lenders and (ii) each payment by the Borrower on account of principal of the Loans shall be allocated among the Lenders pro rata based on the principal amount of the Loans held by the Lenders. 
 31 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of (a) Obligations due and payable to such Lender hereunder and under the other Loan Documents at such time in excess of its ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such Obligations due and payable to such Lender at such time to (ii) the aggregate amount of the Obligations due and payable to all Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents at such time) of payments on account of the Obligations due and payable to all Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents at such time obtained by all the Lenders at such time or (b) Obligations owing (but not due and payable) to such Lender hereunder and under the other Loan Documents at such time in excess of its ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such Obligations owing (but not due and payable) to such Lender at such time to (ii) the aggregate amount of the Obligations owing (but not due and payable) to all Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Parties at such time) of payment on account of the Obligations owing (but not due and payable) to all Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents at such time obtained by all of the Lenders at such time then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall (a) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Loans of the other Lenders, or make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of Obligations then due and payable to the Lenders or owing (but not due and payable) to the Lenders, as the case may be, provided that 
 (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest and 
 (ii) the provisions of this Section 2.13 shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment made by or on behalf of the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement, or (y) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans to any assignee or participant, other than to the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof (as to which the provisions of this Section 2.13 shall apply). 
 Each Loan Party consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable Law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against such Loan Party rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of such Loan Party in the amount of such participation. 
 TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY APPOINTMENT OF BORROWER 
 Taxes . . 
 (n) Payments Free of Taxes Obligation to Withhold Payments on Account of Taxes . 
 (i) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable Laws. If any applicable Laws (as determined in the good faith discretion of the Administrative Agent) require the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by the Administrative Agent or a Loan Party, then the Administrative Agent or such Loan Party shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding, upon the basis of the information and documentation to be delivered pursuant to subsection (e) below. 
 (ii) If any Loan Party or the Administrative Agent shall be required by the Code to withhold or deduct any Taxes, including both United States Federal backup withholding and withholding taxes, from any payment, then (A) such Loan Party or the Administrative Agent shall withhold or make such deductions as are determined by such Loan Party or the 
 32 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

Administrative Agent to be required based upon the information and documentation it has received pursuant to subsection (e) below, (B) such Loan Party or the Administrative Agent shall timely pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with the Code, and (C) to the extent that the withholding or deduction is made on account of Indemnified Taxes, the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after any required withholding or the making of all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.01 the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholding or deduction been made. 
 (iii) If any Loan Party or the Administrative Agent shall be required by any applicable Laws other than the Code to withhold or deduct any Taxes from any payment, then (A) such Loan Party or the Administrative Agent, as required by such Laws, shall withhold or make such deductions as are determined by it to be required based upon the information and documentation it has received pursuant to subsection (e) below, (B) such Loan Party or the Administrative Agent, to the extent required by such Laws, shall timely pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with such Laws, and (C) to the extent that the withholding or deduction is made on account of Indemnified Taxes, the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after any required withholding or the making of all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.01 the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholding or deduction been made. 
 (o) Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrower . Without limiting the provisions of Section 3.01(a) , the Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. 
 (p) Tax Indemnifications . 
 (i) Each Loan Party shall, and does hereby, jointly and severally indemnify each Recipient, and shall make payment in respect thereof within 10 days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 3.01 payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient, and any penalties, interest and reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Loan Party shall, and does hereby, jointly and severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, and shall make payment in respect thereof within 10 days after demand therefor, for any amount which a Lender for any reason fails to pay indefeasibly to the Administrative Agent as required pursuant to Section 3.01(c)(ii) below. 
 (ii) Each Lender shall, and does hereby, severally indemnify, and shall make payment in respect thereof within 10 days after demand therefor, (x) the Administrative Agent against any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such (but only to the extent that the Borrower has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), (y) the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, as applicable, against any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 10.06(d) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (z) the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, as applicable, against any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender 
 33 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender, as the case may be, under this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this clause (ii) . 
 (q) Evidence of Payments . As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by the Borrower to a Governmental Authority as provided in this Section 3.01 , the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of any return required by Laws to report such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (r) Status of Lenders Tax Documentation . 
 (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 3.01(e)(ii)(A) , (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 
 (ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the Borrower is a U.S. Person, 
 (A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax 
 (B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable 
 (I) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty 
 (II) executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI 
 34 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

(III) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit D-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) or 
 (IV) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable), a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit D-2 or Exhibit D-3 , IRS Form W-9, and or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable provided , that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit D-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner 
 (C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made and 
 (D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. For purposes of determining withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA, from and after the Closing Date, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall treat (and the Lenders hereby authorize the Administrative Agent to treat) this Agreement as not qualifying as a grandfathered obligation within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.1471-2(b)(2)(i). 
 (s) Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered pursuant to this Section 3.01 expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 (t) Treatment of Certain Refunds . Unless required by applicable Laws, at no time shall the Administrative Agent have any obligation to file for or otherwise pursue on behalf of a Lender, or have any obligation to pay to any Lender, any refund of Taxes withheld or deducted from funds paid for the account of such Lender. If any Recipient determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, 
 35 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by the Borrower or with respect to which the Borrower has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.01 , it shall pay to such Borrower an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by the Borrower under this Section 3.01 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) incurred by such Recipient, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund), provided, that the Borrower, upon the request of the Recipient, agree to repay the amount paid over to the Borrower (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Recipient in the event the Recipient is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this subsection, in no event will the applicable Recipient be required to pay any amount to the Borrower pursuant to this subsection the payment of which would place the Recipient in a less favorable net after-Tax position than such Recipient would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This subsection shall not be construed to require any Recipient to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating to its taxes that it deems confidential) to the Borrower or any other Person. 
 (u) Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section 3.01 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations. 
 Reserved . . 
 Reserved . . 
 Increased Costs . . 
 (a) Increased Costs Generally . If any Change in Law shall 
 (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender 
 (ii) subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto or 
 (iii) impose on any Lender any other condition, cost or expense affecting this Agreement 
 and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then, upon request of such Lender, the Borrower will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 
 (b) Capital Requirements . If any Lender determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or any Lending Office of such Lender or such Lender s holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s capital or on the capital of such Lender s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Loans made by such Lender to a level below that which such Lender or such Lender s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s policies and the policies of such Lender s holding company with respect to capital adequacy or liquidity), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Lender s holding company for any such reduction suffered. 
 36 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

(c) Certificates for Reimbursement . A certificate of a Lender setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in subsection (a) or (b) of this Section 3.04 and delivered to the Borrower shall be presumptively correct absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. 
 (d) Delay in Requests . Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s right to demand such compensation, provided , that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than 180 days prior to the date that such Lender notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 180 days period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). 
 Reserved . . 
 Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders . 
 (a) Designation of a Different Lending Office . Each Lender may make any Loan or credit extension to the Borrower through any Lending Office, provided , that the exercise of this option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Loan or credit extension in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04 , or the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01 , or if any Lender gives a notice pursuant to Section 3.02 , then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different Lending Office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.01 or Section 3.04 , as the case may be, in the future, or eliminate the need for the notice pursuant to Section 3.02 , as applicable, and (ii) in each case, would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 
 (b) Replacement of Lenders . If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04 , or if the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01 , and, in each case, such Lender has declined or is unable to designate a different lending office in accordance with Section 3.06(a) , the Borrower may replace such Lender in accordance with Section 10.13 . 
 Survival . All of the Borrower s obligations under this Article III shall survive termination of the Commitments and repayment of all other Secured Obligations hereunder and resignation of the Administrative Agent. 
 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO BORROWING 
 Conditions of Borrowing . The obligation of each Lender to make its Loan hereunder on the Closing Date is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent 
 (a) The Administrative Agent s receipt of the following, each of which shall be originals or telecopies (followed promptly by originals) unless otherwise specified, each properly executed by a Responsible Officer of the signing Loan Party, each dated the Closing Date (or, in the case of certificates of governmental officials, a recent date before the Closing Date) and each in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent 
 37 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

executed counterparts of this Agreement sufficient in number for distribution to the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the Borrower 
 (i) a Note executed by the Borrower in favor of each Lender requesting a Note 
 (ii) such certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates and or other certificates of Responsible Officers of each Loan Party as the Administrative Agent may require evidencing (A) the authority of each Loan Party to enter into this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party or is to be a party and (B) the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer thereof authorized to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party or is to be a party 
 (iii) copies of each Loan Party s Organization Documents and such other documents and certifications as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require to evidence that each Loan Party is duly organized or formed, and that each Loan Party is validly existing, in good standing and qualified to engage in business in each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect 
 (iv) a favorable opinion of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP, counsel to the Loan Parties, addressed to the Administrative Agent and each Lender and as to such matters concerning the Loan Parties and the Loan Documents as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request (including, without limitation, with respect to enforceability, due authorization, perfection of the Liens in favor the Collateral Agent and no conflicts with the First Lien Loan Documents) 
 a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying (a) that (1) the representations and warranties of the Loan Parties contained in Article V or any other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection herewith or therewith, (A) which are qualified by materiality are true and correct, and (B) which are not qualified by materiality are true and correct in all material respects, in each case, on and as of the Closing Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct, or true and correct in all material respects, as the case may be, as of such earlier date and (2) no Default exists or would result from the borrowing of the Loans or from the application of the proceeds thereof, (b) that there has been no event or circumstance since May 1, 2021, that has had or could be reasonably expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, and (c) either that (1) no consents, licenses or approvals are required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by such Loan Party and the validity against such Loan Party of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, or (2) that all such consents, licenses and approvals have been obtained and are in full force and effect 
 (v) a certificate from the chief financial officer of the Borrower, satisfactory in form and substance to the Administrative Agent, attesting to the Solvency of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis as of the Closing Date after giving effect to the transactions contemplated hereby 
 the Perfection Certificate 
 the Security Documents, each duly executed by the applicable Loan Parties 
 all other Loan Documents, each duly executed by the applicable Loan Parties and 
 all documents and instruments, including Uniform Commercial Code financing statements, required by law or reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent to be filed, registered 
 38 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

or recorded to create or perfect the first priority Liens intended to be created under the Loan Documents and all such documents and instruments shall have been so filed, registered or recorded, in each case, to the reasonable satisfaction of the Collateral Agent. 
 (b) The Administrative Agent and each Lender shall have received all documentation and other information required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including without limitation the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the Patriot Act ). 
 (c) The Administrative Agent and each Lender shall have received all fees and other amounts due and payable to them by the Borrower on or prior to the Closing Date, including, to the extent invoiced, reimbursement or payment of all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses (including the legal fees and expenses of King & Spalding LLP, Kirkland & Ellis LLP and Allen Stovall Neuman & Ashton LLP, counsel to the Agents and the Lenders, as applicable) provided that, in the case of costs and expenses, an invoice for all such fees and expenses shall be received by the Borrower at least one (1) Business Day prior to the Closing Date for payment to be required as a condition to the Closing Date. 
 Without limiting the generality of the provisions of Section 9.04 , for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 4.01 , each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have Consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be Consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto. 
 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 To induce the Credit Parties to enter into this Agreement and to make the Loans hereunder, each Loan Party represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the other Credit Parties that 
 Existence, Qualification and Power . Each Loan Party (a) is a corporation, limited liability company, partnership or limited partnership, duly organized or formed, validly existing and, where applicable, in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, (b) has all requisite power and authority and all requisite governmental licenses, permits, authorizations, consents and approvals to (i) own, lease or operate its assets and carry on its business as now conducted and (ii) execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and (c) is duly qualified and is licensed and, where applicable, in good standing under the Laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification or license except in each case referred to in clause (b)(i) or (c), to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Schedule 5.01 annexed hereto sets forth, as of the First Lien Second Amendment Effective Date, each Loan Party s name as it appears in official filings in its state of incorporation or organization, its state of incorporation or organization, organization type, organization number, if any, issued by its state of incorporation or organization, and its federal employer identification number. 
 Authorization No Contravention . The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of each Loan Document to which such Person is or is to be a party, has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action, and does not and will not (a) contravene the terms of any of such Person s Organization Documents (b) conflict with or result in any breach, termination, or contravention of, or constitute a default under, or require any payment to be made under (i) any Material Indebtedness to which such Person is a party or affecting such Person or the properties of such Person, or (ii) any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which such Person or its property is subject (c) result in or require the creation of any Lien upon any asset of any Loan Party (other than Permitted Encumbrances) or (d) violate any Law. 
 Governmental Authorization Other Consents . No approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other 
 39 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

Person is necessary or required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by, or enforcement against, any Loan Party of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except for (a) the perfection or maintenance of the Liens created under the Security Documents (including the second priority nature thereof to the extent specified in the Security Agreement) or (b) such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect. 
 Binding Effect . This Agreement has been, and each other Loan Document, when delivered, will have been, duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party that is party thereto. This Agreement constitutes, and each other Loan Document when so delivered will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against each Loan Party that is party thereto in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law provided , that the application of Write-Down and Conversion Powers by any EEA Resolution Authority (or the public announcement of the impending application of such powers) with respect to any liabilities of a Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be deemed a breach of this representation. 
 Financial Statements No Material Adverse Effect . 
 (a) The Audited Financial Statements (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein (ii) fairly present the financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and their results of operations for the period covered thereby in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein and (iii) show all Material Indebtedness and other liabilities, direct or contingent, of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof, including liabilities for taxes, material commitments and Indebtedness. 
 (b) The unaudited Consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries most recently delivered in accordance with Section 6.01(b) , and the related Consolidated statements of income or operations, Shareholders Equity and cash flows for the fiscal quarter ended on that date (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein, and (ii) fairly present the financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and their results of operations for the period covered thereby, subject, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii), to the absence of footnotes and to normal year-end audit adjustments. 
 (c) Since the date of the Audited Financial Statements dated May 1, 2021, there has been no event or circumstance, either individually or in the aggregate, that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (d) The Consolidated balance sheet and statements of income and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(d) were prepared in good faith on the basis of the assumptions stated therein, which assumptions were fair in light of the conditions existing at the time of delivery of such forecasts, and represented, at the time of delivery, the Loan Parties reasonable estimate of its future financial performance (it being understood that such forecasted financial information is subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the control of the Loan Parties, that no assurance is given that any particular forecasts will be realized, that results may differ and that such differences may be material). 
 Litigation . There are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties after due and diligent investigation, threatened or contemplated, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, by or against any Loan Party or against any of its properties or revenues that (a) purport to affect or pertain to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any of the transactions contemplated hereby, or (b) except as specifically disclosed in Schedule 5.06 , either individually or in the aggregate, if determined adversely, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 40 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

No Default . No Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 Ownership of Property Liens . Each of the Loan Parties has good record and marketable title in fee simple to or valid leasehold interests in or other rights to use or operate, all real property necessary or used in the ordinary conduct of its business, except for such defects in title as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each of the Loan Parties has good and marketable title to, valid leasehold interests in, or valid licenses to use all personal property and assets used in the ordinary conduct of its business, except for such defects in title as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Intentionally Omitted. 
 Insurance . The properties (including, without limitation, all Collateral) of the Loan Parties are insured with financially sound and reputable insurance companies which are not Affiliates of the Loan Parties (other than any Permitted Self-Insurance Program), in such amounts, with such deductibles and covering such risks as are customarily carried by companies engaged in similar businesses and owning similar properties in localities where the Loan Parties operate. Schedule 5.10 sets forth a description of all insurance maintained by or on behalf of the Loan Parties as of the Closing Date. As of the Closing Date, each insurance policy listed on Schedule 5.10 , and, thereafter, each insurance policy reflected on an Accord Certificate or other evidence of insurance most recently delivered to the Administrative Agent in accordance herewith is in full force and effect and all premiums in respect thereof that are due and payable have been paid. 
 Taxes . The Loan Parties have filed all Federal, state and other material tax returns and reports required to be filed, and have paid all Federal, state and other material taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges levied or imposed upon them or their properties, income or assets otherwise due and payable, except those which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings being diligently conducted, for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP, as to which Taxes no material Lien has been filed and which contest effectively suspends the collection of the contested obligation and the enforcement of any Lien securing such obligation. There is no proposed tax assessment against any Loan Party that would, if made, be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Loan Party is a party to any tax sharing agreement other than (i) the tax sharing agreement between Borrower and certain of its Subsidiaries and (ii) that certain Tax Matters Agreement between the Borrower and BNED. 
 ERISA Compliance . . 
 (e) Each Plan is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other Federal or state Laws. Each Plan that is intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination letter from the IRS or an application for such a letter is currently being processed by the IRS with respect thereto and, to the best knowledge of the Borrower, nothing has occurred which would prevent, or cause the loss of, such qualification. The Loan Parties and each ERISA Affiliate have made all required contributions to each Plan subject to Section 412 of the Code, and no application for a funding waiver or an extension of any amortization period pursuant to Section 412 of the Code is pending or in effect with respect to any Plan, except to the extent any failure to make such contribution would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (f) There are no pending or, to the best knowledge of the Borrower, threatened claims, actions or lawsuits, or action by any Governmental Authority, with respect to any Plan that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There has been no prohibited transaction or violation of the fiduciary responsibility rules with respect to any Plan that has resulted or would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (g) (i) Except as set forth in Schedule 5.12 , (i) no ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur (ii) no Pension Plan has any Unfunded Pension Liability (iii) neither any Loan Party nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred, or reasonably expects to incur, any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to any Pension Plan (other than premiums due and not delinquent under 
 41 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

Section 4007 of ERISA) (iv) neither any Loan Party nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred, or reasonably expects to incur, any liability (and no event has occurred which, with the giving of notice under Section 4219 of ERISA, would result in such liability) under Sections 4201 or 4243 of ERISA with respect to a Multiemployer Plan and (v) neither any Loan Party nor any ERISA Affiliate has engaged in a transaction that could be subject to Sections 4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA, except in each case to the extent the occurrence of any event described in the foregoing clauses (i) through (iv) could not reasonably be expect to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Subsidiaries Equity Interests . As of the Closing Date, the Loan Parties have no Subsidiaries other than those specifically disclosed in Part (a) of Schedule 5.13 , which Schedule sets forth the legal name, jurisdiction of incorporation or formation and authorized Equity Interests of each such Subsidiary. As of the Closing Date, (a) all of the outstanding Equity Interests in such Subsidiaries have been validly issued, are fully paid and non-assessable and are owned by a Loan Party (or a Subsidiary of a Loan Party) in the amounts specified on Part (a) of Schedule 5.13 free and clear of all Liens, (b) except as set forth in Schedule 5.13 , there are no outstanding rights to purchase any Equity Interests in any Subsidiary and (c) the Loan Parties have no equity investments in any other corporation or entity other than those specifically disclosed in Part(b) of Schedule 5.13 . 
 Margin Regulations Investment Company Act . 
 (h) No Loan Party is engaged or will be engaged, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U issued by the FRB), or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock. No Loan proceeds shall be used directly or indirectly for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin stock, for the purpose of reducing or retiring any Indebtedness that was originally incurred to purchase or carry any margin stock or for any other purpose that might cause any of the Loans to be considered a purpose credit within the meaning of Regulations T, U, or X issued by the FRB. Following the application of the proceeds of the Loans, not more than 25 of the value of the assets (either of the Borrower only or of the Borrower and their Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis) subject to the provisions of Section 7.01 or Section 7.05 or subject to any restriction contained in any agreement or instrument between the Borrower and any Lender or any Affiliate of any Lender relating to Indebtedness and within the scope of Section 8.01(e) will be margin stock. 
 (i) None of the Loan Parties is or is required to be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
 Disclosure . The reports, financial statements, certificates and other written information furnished and prepared by or on behalf of any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder or under any other Loan Document (in each case, as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished), taken as a whole, do not contain any material misstatement of fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading provided , that with respect to projected financial information, the Loan Parties represent only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time (it being understood that such projections are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the control of the Loan Parties, that no assurance is given that any particular forecasts will be realized, that actual results may differ and that such differences may be material). As of the Closing Date, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification, if applicable, is true and correct in all respects. 
 Compliance with Laws . Each of the Loan Parties is in compliance in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its properties, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted or (b) the failure to comply therewith, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 42 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

Intellectual Property Licenses, Etc. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (a) the Loan Parties own, or possess the right to use, all the Intellectual Property that is reasonably necessary for the operation of their respective businesses, and (b) to the knowledge of any Responsible Officer, no Loan Party has infringed upon any Intellectual Property rights held by any other Person. 
 Labor Matters . There are no strikes, lockouts, slowdowns or other material labor disputes against any Loan Party pending or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The hours worked by and payments made to employees of the Loan Parties comply with the Fair Labor Standards Act and any other applicable federal, state, local or foreign Law dealing with such matters except to the extent that any such violation could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Loan Party has incurred any liability or obligation under the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Act or similar state Law, except as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. All payments due from any Loan Party, or for which any claim may be made against any Loan Party, on account of wages and employee health and welfare insurance and other benefits, have been paid or properly accrued in accordance with GAAP as a liability on the books of such Loan Party, except as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as set forth on Schedule 5.18 no Loan Party is a party to or bound by any collective bargaining agreement. There are no representation proceedings pending or, to any Loan Party s knowledge, threatened to be filed with the National Labor Relations Board, and no labor organization or group of employees of any Loan Party has made a pending demand for recognition in each case which could individually or in the aggregate be reasonably expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. There are no complaints, unfair labor practice charges, grievances, arbitrations, unfair employment practices charges or any other claims or complaints against any Loan Party pending or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened to be filed with any Governmental Authority or arbitrator based on, arising out of, in connection with, or otherwise relating to the employment or termination of employment of any employee of any Loan Party which could, individually or in the aggregate, be reasonably expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents will not give rise to any right of termination or right of renegotiation on the part of any union under any collective bargaining agreement to which any Loan Party is bound except as could not reasonably be expected to have individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Security Documents . The Security Documents create in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Credit Parties referred to therein, a legal, valid, continuing and enforceable security interest in the Collateral, the enforceability of which is subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. The financing statements and other filings are in appropriate form and have been or will be filed in the offices specified in the Perfection Certificate. Upon such filings and or the obtaining of control , the Collateral Agent will have a perfected Lien on, and security interest in, to and under all right, title and interest of the grantors thereunder in all Collateral that may be perfected by filing, recording or registering a financing statement or analogous document (including without limitation the proceeds of such Collateral subject to the limitations relating to such proceeds in the UCC) or by obtaining control, under the UCC (in effect on the date this representation is made) in each case prior and superior in right to any other Person, except in the case of Liens granted to the First Lien Agent (subject to the Intercreditor Agreement) and Liens permitted under clauses (c), (d), (f), (h), (m) or (p) (with respect to Excluded Assets) of Section 7.01 hereof. 
 Solvency . After giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and before and after giving effect to the borrowing of the Loans, the Loan Parties, on a consolidated basis, are, and will be, Solvent. No transfer of property has been or will be made by any Loan Party and no obligation has been or will be incurred by any Loan Party in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents with the intent to hinder, delay, or defraud either present or future creditors of any Loan Party. 
 Reserved . . 
 Reserved . . 
 43 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

Customer and Trade Relations . There exists no actual or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened, termination or cancellation of, or any modification or change in the business relationship of any Loan Party with any supplier which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Storage Locations . Subject to Section 6.12(b), there are no warehouse or other storage or distribution facilities leased by the Loan Parties (excluding Stores) in which, in the aggregate, more than 10,000,000 of Inventory is or may be located from time to time and with respect to which the Loan Parties have not caused to be delivered to the Collateral Agent a Collateral Access Agreement. 
 OFAC . No Loan Party, nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of any Loan Party its Subsidiaries, any director, officer, employee, agent, affiliate or representative thereof, is an individual or entity that is, or is majority owned or controlled by any individual or entity that is (i) currently the target of any Sanctions , (ii) included on OFAC s List of Specially Designated Nationals, HMT s Consolidated List of Financial Sanctions Targets and the Investment Ban List, or any similar list enforced by any other relevant sanctions authority or (iii) located, organized or resident in a Designated Jurisdiction. The Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries have conducted their business in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Sanctions instituted and maintained policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such Sanctions. 
 Anti-Corruption Laws . None of the Loan Parties or their Subsidiaries have breached the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010, or any other applicable anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions the effect of which breach is or could reasonably be expected to be material to the Loan Parties, taken as a whole, and the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries have instituted and maintained policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws. 
 Affected Financial Institutions . No Loan Party is an Affected Financial Institution. 
 Covered Entity . No Loan Party is a Covered Entity. 
 AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 So long as any Obligation hereunder (other than contingent indemnification obligations as to which no claim has been asserted) shall not be Fully Satisfied, the Loan Parties shall 
 Financial Statements . Deliver to the Administrative Agent and each Lender, in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent 
 (j) as soon as available, but in any event within 90 days after the end of each Fiscal Year of the Borrower (plus, if requested by the Borrower in writing on or prior to such date, up to an additional five (5) Business Days thereafter), a Consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such Fiscal Year, and the related Consolidated statements of income or operations, Shareholders Equity and cash flows for such Fiscal Year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, such Consolidated statements to be audited and accompanied by a report and unqualified opinion of a Registered Public Accounting Firm of nationally recognized standing reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, which report and opinion shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and shall not be subject to any going concern or like qualification or exception or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit (other than with respect to, or resulting from, an upcoming maturity date of the Loans within one year from the time such opinion is delivered) 
 (k) as soon as available, but in any event within 45 days after the end of each of the first three Fiscal Quarters of each Fiscal Year of the Borrower (plus, if requested by Borrower in writing on or prior to such date, up to an additional five (5) Business Days thereafter), a balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such Fiscal Quarter, and the related Consolidated statements of income or operations, Shareholders Equity and cash flows for such Fiscal Quarter and for 
 44 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

the portion of the Borrower s Fiscal Year then ended, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for (A) the corresponding Fiscal Quarter of the previous Fiscal Year and (B) the corresponding portion of the previous Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail, such Consolidated statements to be certified by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower as fairly presenting the financial condition, results of operations, Shareholders Equity and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such Fiscal Quarter in accordance with GAAP, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes 
 (l) as soon as available, but in any event within 30 days after the end of each Fiscal Month of each Fiscal Year excluding the end of any Fiscal Month which is also the end of a Fiscal Quarter) plus, if requested by the Borrower in writing on or prior to such date, up to an additional two (2) Business Days thereafter), a Consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such Fiscal Month, and the related Consolidated statements of income or operations, Shareholders Equity and cash flows for such Fiscal Month, and for the portion of the Borrower s Fiscal Year then ended, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for (A) the corresponding Fiscal Month of the previous Fiscal Year and (B) the corresponding portion of the previous Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail, such Consolidated statements to be certified by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower as fairly presenting the financial condition, results of operations, Shareholders Equity and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such Fiscal Month in accordance with GAAP, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes and 
 (m) as soon as available, but in any event not more than 60 days after the end of each Fiscal Year of the Borrower (plus, if requested by Borrower in writing on or prior to such date, up to an additional five (5) Business Days thereafter), forecasts prepared by management of the Borrower, in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, of Consolidated balance sheets and statements of income or operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, as well as projected Availability, on a monthly basis for the immediately following Fiscal Year (including the Fiscal Year in which the Maturity Date occurs), and as soon as available, any significant revisions to such forecast with respect to such Fiscal Year. 
 The Administrative Agent and the Lenders acknowledge and agree that notwithstanding the allotted time periods for monthly delivery of financial statements set forth in Section 6.01(c) , the time periods for delivering such financial statements for the months of April and May of each Fiscal Year shall be extended by 30 days for April and 15 days for May (each an Extension Period provided , that no prepayment of Indebtedness, Acquisition, Restricted Payment, Investment or other transaction or payment permitted hereunder based upon a calculation of Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio or Consolidated Adjusted Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio shall be permitted during any Extension Period if the applicable financial statements for such periods have not been delivered. 
 Certificates Other Information . Deliver to the Administrative Agent and each Lender, in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent 
 (n) reserved 
 (o) a copy of each notice (including notice of any Cash Dominion Trigger Event (as defined in the First Lien Credit Agreement), certificate (including each Borrowing Base Certificate and Compliance Certificate (each as defined in the First Lien Credit Agreement)), Approved Budget Update, Approved Budget Variance Report, appraisal of Collateral, commercial finance examination, Report or any other information delivered or received by the First Lien Agent or the lenders under the First Lien Credit Agreement, including without limitation, to the extent requested by the First Lien Agent, a reasonably detailed description of all disbursements to be made by the Loan Parties from the proceeds of the proposed Credit Extension under and as defined in the First Lien Credit Agreement, in each case at the time delivered or required to be delivered to, or received by, the First Lien Agent or such lenders, pursuant to the First Lien Loan Documents 
 (p) no more than ten one 10 1 Business Days Day after receipt thereof, copies of any detailed audit reports, final management letters or recommendations submitted to the board of directors (or the audit committee of the board of directors) of any Loan Party by its Registered Public Accounting 
 45 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

Firm in connection with the accounts or books of the Loan Parties or any Subsidiary, or any audit of any of them, including, without limitation, specifying any Internal Control Event and, promptly, after request by the Administrative Agent therefor, updates on the status of any remediation of any such Internal Control Event 
 (q) promptly upon the filing thereof, copies of each annual report, proxy or financial statement or other report or communication sent to the stockholders of the Loan Parties, and copies of all annual, regular, periodic and special reports and registration statements which any Loan Party may file or be required to file with the SEC under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or with any national securities exchange, and in any case not otherwise required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant hereto 
 (r) upon the renewal of any insurance policy of the Loan Parties, evidence of insurance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, summarizing the insurance coverage (specifying type, amount and carrier) in effect for each Loan Party, and as soon as available, but in any event within 30 days after such renewal, a certificate of such insurance coverage 
 (s) promptly, and in any event within five one (1) Business Days Day after receipt thereof by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof, copies of each notice or other correspondence received from any Governmental Authority (including, without limitation, the SEC (or comparable agency in any applicable non-U.S. jurisdiction)) concerning any proceeding with, or investigation or possible investigation or other inquiry by such Governmental Authority regarding financial or other operational results of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof or any other matter which, if adversely determined, could reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect 
 (a) promptly, and in any event within one (1) Business Day after receipt thereof by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof, copies of each (i) notice of termination or cancellation of any (x) bookstore services contract or (y) publisher textbook supply contract (including the VitalSource Supply Contract) and (ii) demand for accelerated payments, credit support or other credit enhancements made by any publisher or other supplier of textbook inventory 
 (b) (g) promptly following any request therefor, provide information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation and 
 (c) (h) promptly, such additional information regarding the business affairs, financial condition or operations of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, or compliance with the terms of the Loan Documents, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may from time to time reasonably request. 
 Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) , Section 6.01(b) , Section 6.01(c) or Section 6.02(d) (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Borrower posts such documents, or provides a link thereto on the Borrower s website on the Internet at the website address listed on Schedule 10.02 or (ii) on which such documents are posted on the Borrower s behalf at www.sec.gov www.sec.gov or otherwise on an Internet or intranet website, if any, in each case to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent) provided , that the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender (by telecopier or electronic mail) of the posting of any such documents and provide to the Administrative Agent by electronic mail electronic versions of such documents. The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery or to maintain copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Loan Parties with any such request for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for requesting delivery to it or maintaining its copies of such documents. 
 The Loan Parties hereby acknowledge that (a) the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make available to the Lenders materials and or information provided by or on behalf of the Loan Parties hereunder (collectively, Borrower Materials by posting the Borrower Materials on 
 46 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

IntraLinks or another similar electronic system (the Platform and (b) certain of the Lenders (each, a Public Lender may have personnel who do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to the Loan Parties or their Affiliates or the respective securities or any of the foregoing, and who may be engaged in investment and other market-related activities with respect to such Persons securities. The Loan Parties hereby agree that (w) all Borrower Materials that are to be made available to the Public Lenders shall either have been identified as being previously or contemporaneously filed with the SEC or be clearly and conspicuously marked PUBLIC which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word PUBLIC shall appear prominently on the first page thereof (x) by identifying Borrower Materials as being filed with the SEC or marking Borrower Materials PUBLIC, the Loan Parties shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials as not containing any material non-public information (although it may be sensitive and proprietary) with respect to the Loan Parties or their securities for purposes of United States Federal and state securities laws provided , however , that to the extent such Borrower Materials constitute Information, they shall be treated as set forth in Section 10.07 (y) all Borrower Materials identified as being filed with the SEC or marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated Public Side Information and (z) the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to treat the Borrower Materials that are not either identified as being filed with the SEC or marked PUBLIC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated Public Side Information. 
 Notices . Promptly (but in any event within two (2) Business Days), unless expressly indicated otherwise, notify (including notice by e-mail) the Administrative Agent and each Lender 
 (d) of the occurrence of any Default 
 reserved to the extent not reflected in the applicable periods set forth in the Approved Budget, of the acceleration of any payment terms by any publisher textbook supplier (including payment terms under the VitalSource Supply Contract) 
 (e) of any matter that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, including (to the extent each of the following has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect) (i) breach or non-performance of, or any default with respect to Material Indebtedness of any Loan Party (ii) any material dispute, litigation, investigation, proceeding or suspension between any Loan Party and any Governmental Authority or (iii) the commencement of, or any material development in, any material litigation or proceeding affecting any Loan Party 
 (f) of the occurrence of any ERISA Event 
 any Disposition of Collateral that could reasonably be expected to give rise to a mandatory prepayment under Section 2.05(b) 
 (g) any material change in accounting policies or financial reporting practices by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof 
 (h) of the Public Accountants determination (in connection with its preparation of its report under Section 6.01(a)) or the Borrower s determination of the occurrence or existence of any Internal Control Event 
 of the formation or acquisition of any Subsidiary required to become a Loan Party hereunder 
 (i) of any change in the name, corporate form or state of organization of any Loan Party or any change in the name or names under which any Loan Party s Business is transacted 
 (j) immediately upon receipt of notice thereof, of the filing of any Lien against any Loan Party for unpaid Taxes against any material portion of the Collateral 
 47 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

(k) of the occurrence of any default under any Licensed Merchandise Agreement by any party thereto or any exercise of remedies thereunder and 
 (l) of any casualty or other insured damage to any Collateral in excess of 250,000 or the commencement of any action or proceeding for the taking of any interest in Collateral in excess of 250,000 under power of eminent domain or by condemnation or similar proceeding or if any material portion of the Collateral is damaged or destroyed. 
 Each notice pursuant to this Section 6.03 shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what action the Borrower has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto. Each notice pursuant to Section 6.03(a) shall describe with particularity any and all provisions of this Agreement and any other Loan Document that have been breached. 
 Payment of Obligations . Pay and discharge as the same shall become due and payable, all its obligations and liabilities, including (a) all tax liabilities, assessments and governmental charges or levies upon it or its properties or assets, and (b) all lawful claims (including, without limitation, claims of landlords, warehousemen, customs brokers, and carriers) which, if unpaid, would by law become a Lien upon its property (other than Permitted Encumbrances) except, in each case, where (i) the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (ii) such Loan Party has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP, (iii) such contest effectively suspends collection of the contested obligation and enforcement of any Lien securing such obligation, (iv) no Lien (other than Permitted Encumbrances) has been filed with respect thereto and (iv) the failure to make payment pending such contest could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Preservation of Existence, Etc. (a) Preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its legal existence and good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization or formation except in a transaction permitted by Section 7.04 or 7.05 (b) take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges, permits, licenses and franchises necessary or desirable in any material respect in the normal conduct of its business, except to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (c) take all reasonable action to maintain all existing registrations of its Intellectual Property, except to the extent the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or such Intellectual Property is no longer used or useful in the conduct of the business of the Loan Parties. 
 Maintenance of Properties . (a) Maintain (except for any maintenance required to be performed by the landlord, lessor or other property owner under any applicable Lease), preserve and protect all of its material properties and equipment necessary in the operation of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (b) make all necessary repairs thereto and renewals and replacements thereof (except for any repairs, renewals or replacements required to be made by the landlord, lessor or other property owner under any applicable Lease), except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Maintenance of Insurance . Maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies not Affiliates of the Loan Parties (other than any Permitted Self-Insurance Program), reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, insurance with respect to its properties and business against loss or damage of the kinds customarily insured against by Persons engaged in the same or similar business and operating in the same or similar locations or as is required by applicable Law, of such types and in such amounts (after giving effect to any self-insurance compatible with the following standards) as are customarily carried under similar circumstances by such other Persons and as are reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
 (a) Fire and extended coverage policies maintained with respect to any Collateral shall be endorsed or otherwise amended, to the extent endorsed or amended pursuant to the First Lien Credit Agreement for the benefit of the First Lien Agent, to include (i) a non-contributing mortgage clause (regarding improvements to real property) and lenders loss payable clause (regarding personal 
 48 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

property), in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, which endorsements or amendments shall provide that the insurer shall pay all proceeds otherwise payable to the Loan Parties under the policies directly to the Collateral Agent (or, to the extent required under the First Lien Credit Agreement or the Intercreditor Agreement, the First Lien Agent), (ii) a provision to the effect that none of the Loan Parties, Credit Parties or any other Person shall be a co-insurer and (iii) such other provisions as the Collateral Agent may reasonably require from time to time to protect the interests of the Credit Parties. Commercial general liability policies shall be endorsed to name the Collateral Agent as an additional insured. Business interruption policies shall name the Collateral Agent as a loss payee and shall be endorsed or amended to include (i) a provision that, from and after the Closing Date, the insurer shall pay all proceeds otherwise payable to the Loan Parties under the policies directly to the Collateral Agent (or, to the extent required under the First Lien Credit Agreement or the Intercreditor Agreement, the First Lien Agent), (ii) a provision to the effect that none of the Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any other party shall be a co-insurer and (iii) such other provisions as the Collateral Agent may reasonably require from time to time to protect the interests of the Credit Parties. Each such policy referred to in this Section 6.07(a) shall also provide that it shall not be canceled, modified or not renewed (i) by reason of nonpayment of premium except upon not less than ten (10) days prior written notice thereof by the insurer to the Collateral Agent (giving the Collateral Agent and the First Lien Agent, as applicable, the right to cure defaults in the payment of premiums) or (ii) for any other reason except upon not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice thereof by the insurer to the Collateral Agent. The Borrower shall deliver to the Collateral Agent, prior to the cancellation, modification or non-renewal of any such policy of insurance, a copy of a renewal or replacement policy (or other evidence of renewal of a policy previously delivered to the Collateral Agent, including an insurance binder) together with evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent of payment of the premium therefor. 
 (b) None of the Credit Parties, or their agents or employees shall be liable for any loss or damage insured by the insurance policies required to be maintained under this Section 6.07 . Each Loan Party shall look solely to its insurance companies or any other parties other than the Credit Parties for the recovery of such loss or damage and such insurance companies shall have no rights of subrogation against any Credit Party or its agents or employees. If, however, the insurance policies do not provide waiver of subrogation rights against such parties, as required above, then the Loan Parties hereby agree, to the extent permitted by law, to waive their right of recovery, if any, against the Credit Parties and their agents and employees. The designation of any form, type or amount of insurance coverage by any Credit Party under this Section 6.07 shall in no event be deemed a representation, warranty or advice by such Credit Party that such insurance is adequate for the purposes of the business of the Loan Parties or the protection of their properties. 
 (c) Maintain for themselves, a Directors and Officers insurance policy, and a Blanket Crime policy including employee dishonesty, forgery or alteration, theft, disappearance and destruction, robbery and safe burglary, property, and computer fraud coverage with responsible companies in such amounts as are customarily carried by business entities engaged in similar businesses similarly situated, and will upon request by the Administrative Agent furnish the Administrative Agent certificates evidencing renewal of each such policy. 
 (d) Intentionally omitted. 
 (e) Subject to the limitations on inspections contained elsewhere in this Agreement, permit any representatives that are designated by the Collateral Agent to inspect the insurance policies maintained by or on behalf of the Loan Parties and to inspect books and records related thereto and any properties covered thereby, all at the Loan Parties expense. 
 Compliance with Laws . Comply in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its business or property, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and with respect to which adequate reserves have been set aside and maintained by the Loan Parties in accordance with GAAP (b) such contest effectively suspends enforcement of the contested Laws and (c) the failure to comply therewith could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 49 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

Books and Records Accountants Corporate Separateness . 
 (f) (i) Maintain and cause each Subsidiary thereof to maintain, proper books of record and account, in which full, true and correct entries in conformity with GAAP consistently applied shall be made of all financial transactions and matters involving the assets and business of the Loan Parties or such Subsidiary, as the case may be and (ii) maintain such books of record and account in material conformity with all applicable requirements of any Governmental Authority having regulatory jurisdiction over the Loan Parties or such Subsidiary, as the case may be. 
 (g) At all times, retain a Registered Public Accounting Firm and permit such Registered Public Accounting Firm to discuss, with respect to each Loan Party and each Subsidiary thereof, such Person s financial performance, financial condition, operating results, controls, and such other matters, within the scope of the retention of such Registered Public Accounting Firm, as may be raised by the Administrative Agent, provided , that the Borrower shall be given reasonable opportunity to be present and at participate in any such discussions between the Administrative Agent and the Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 (h) Ensure that, except as otherwise permitted by this Agreement, no material assets of any Immaterial Subsidiary which holds any material assets or has any material liabilities are commingled with any material assets of any Loan Party. 
 Inspection Rights Consultants . . 
 (i) With respect to each Loan Party, permit and cause its Subsidiaries to permit, representatives and independent contractors of the Administrative Agent to, for purposes of an audit of the Collateral, visit and inspect any of its or any of its Subsidiaries properties, to examine its or any of its Subsidiaries corporate, financial and operating records, and make copies thereof or abstracts therefrom, and to discuss its or any of its Subsidiaries affairs, finances and accounts with its or its Subsidiaries directors, officers, and Registered Public Accounting Firm (at the Administrative Agent s reasonable discretion), all at the expense of the Loan Parties and at any time during normal business hours and without advance notice. 
 (b) Borrower Consultant . At all times from and after the First Amendment Effective Date, the Borrower shall continue to retain KPMG LLP and or its Affiliates as a third-party consultant (collectively, the Borrower Consultant ), at the sole cost and expense of the Loan Parties. The Loan Parties hereby (i) authorize the Administrative Agent (or its agents or advisors) to communicate directly with the Borrower Consultant regarding any and all matters related to the Loan Parties, including, without limitation, all financial reports and projections developed, reviewed or verified by the Borrower Consultant and all additional information, reports and statements requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, and (ii) authorize and direct the Borrower Consultant to provide the Administrative Agent with copies of reports and other information or materials prepared or reviewed by the Borrower Consultant as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may request including without limitation the materials described in the immediately preceding clause (i). 
 (j) Reserved . 
 Use of Proceeds 
 Use of Proceeds . Use the proceeds of the Loans (a) to finance the acquisition of working capital assets of the Borrower, including Permitted Acquisitions and the purchase of inventory and equipment, in each case in the ordinary course of business, and (b) for general corporate purposes of the Loan Parties, in each case to the extent permitted under applicable Law and the Loan Documents. Additional Loan Parties Additional Collateral Further Assurances . . 
 (a) (a) Each Loan Party shall cause each of its Domestic Subsidiaries (other than any FSHSCO , or Subsidiary of a CFC , or Immaterial Subsidiary (except as otherwise provided in paragraph (d) of this Section 6.12 formed or acquired after the date of this Agreement in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, to become a Guarantor (an Additional Loan Party within fifteen (15) 
 50 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

days thereafter by executing a Joinder Agreement and simultaneously therewith grant Liens to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Credit Parties in any property (subject to any limitations set forth in the Security Agreement) of such Additional Loan Party which would constitute Collateral if such Additional Loan Party were already a Loan Party party hereto, on such terms as may be required pursuant to the terms of the Security Documents provided , that no joinder of any Additional Loan Party shall become effective until such Additional Borrower provides all documentation and other information that the Administrative Agent or any Lender reasonably requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act. 
 Without limiting the foregoing, each Loan Party will, and will cause each Subsidiary that is a Loan Party to, execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered, to the Collateral Agent such documents, agreements and instruments, and will take or cause to be taken such further actions (including the filing and recording of financing statements and other documents and such other actions or deliveries of the type required by Section 4.01 , as applicable), which may be required by law or which the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may, from time to time, reasonably request to carry out the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and to ensure perfection and priority of the Liens created or intended to be created by the Security Documents, all at the expense of the Loan Parties, it being agreed that no Collateral Access Agreements shall be required to be furnished with respect to leased Real Estate used as retail stores. 
 (f) Subject to the limitations set forth or referred to in this Section 6.12 , if any material personal property of the type constituting Collateral hereunder or under the Security Documents is acquired by any Loan Party after the Closing Date (other than assets constituting Collateral under the Security Documents that become subject to the Lien in favor of the Agent upon acquisition thereof), the Borrower will notify the Administrative Agent thereof, and, if requested by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower will cause such assets to be subjected to a Lien securing the Obligations and will take, and cause the other Loan Parties, such actions as shall be necessary or reasonably requested by Administrative Agent to grant and perfect such Liens, including actions described in paragraph (b) of this Section, all at the expense of the Loan Parties provided , that the cost of perfecting such Lien is not unreasonable in relation to the benefits to the Lenders of the security afforded thereby in the Administrative Agent s reasonable business judgment after consultation with the Borrower). 
 (g) If, at any time and from time to time after the Closing Date, Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties because they are Immaterial Subsidiaries comprise in the aggregate more than 5.0 of Consolidated total assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the end of the most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Borrower or more than 5.0 of Consolidated gross revenue of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters as of the end of the most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Borrower, then the Borrower shall, not later than 45 days after the date by which financial statements for such quarter are required to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement (or such longer period not to exceed 60 days after such date as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion), cause one or more of such Subsidiaries that are Domestic Subsidiaries to become Loan Parties (notwithstanding that such Domestic Subsidiaries are, individually, Immaterial Subsidiaries) such that the foregoing condition ceases to be true. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Loan Parties shall not be required to include as Collateral any Excluded Assets unless the Loan Parties shall grant to the First Lien Agent, for the benefit of the Credit Parties (as defined in the First Lien Credit Agreement), a Lien in and to the Excluded Assets pursuant to an intercreditor agreement and or Security Documents acceptable to the Agents and the Required Lenders. 
 (h) In no event shall compliance with this Section 6.12 waive or be deemed a waiver or Consent to any transaction giving rise to the need to comply with this Section 6.12 if such transaction was not otherwise expressly permitted by this Agreement or constitute or be deemed to constitute, with respect to any Subsidiary, an approval of such Person as a Loan Party. 
 5.13 Intentionally Omitted. 
 51 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

Information Regarding the Collateral . Furnish to the Administrative Agent (a) at least seven (7) days prior written notice (unless such period is waived or shortened as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) of any change in (i) any Loan Party s name or in any trade name used to identify it in the conduct of its business or in the ownership of its properties (ii) any Loan Party s organizational structure or jurisdiction of incorporation or formation or (iii) any Loan Party s Federal Taxpayer Identification Number or organizational identification number assigned to it by its state of organization and (b) no later than five (5) days after any such change (unless such period is waived or extended as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) of any change in the location of any Loan Party s chief executive office, its principal place of business, and any office in which it maintains a material portion of its books or records relating to Collateral owned by it. 
 Intentionally Omitted. 
 Intentionally Omitted. 
 Intentionally Omitted. 
 Intentionally Omitted. 
 Compliance with ERISA . Cause, and cause each of its ERISA Affiliates to (a) maintain each Pension Plan in compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other federal or state law (b) cause each Pension Plan which is qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code to maintain such qualification and (c) make all required contributions to any Pension Plan subject to Section 412 of the Code. 
 Intentionally Omitted. 
 Anti-Corruption Laws Sanctions . Conduct its businesses in all material respects in compliance with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010, and other applicable anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions and with all applicable Sanctions, and maintain policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws and Sanctions. 
 Post-Closing Obligations . Complete each of the actions described in this Section 6.22 as soon as commercially reasonable and by no later than the date set forth below with respect to such action (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree in its sole discretion). All conditions precedent, covenants and representations and warranties contained in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be deemed modified to the extent necessary to effect the foregoing (and to permit the taking of the actions described in this Section 6.22 within the time periods required by this Section 6.22, rather than as elsewhere provided in the Loan Documents) provided that (x) to the extent any representation and warranty would not be true, or any provision of any covenant breached, because the foregoing actions were not taken on the Closing Date, the respective representation and warranty shall be required to be true and correct in all material respects, and the covenant complied with, at the time the respective action is taken (or was required to be taken) in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Section 6.22 and (y) all representations and warranties and covenants relating to the Security Documents shall be required to be true or, in the case of any covenant, complied with, immediately after the actions required to be taken by this Section 6.22 have been taken (or were required to be taken). 
 Reserved . 
 Within sixty (60) days following the Closing Date (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion), the Loan Parties shall amend each Collateral Access Agreement entered into in connection with or pursuant to the First Lien Credit Agreement, or otherwise execute and deliver new Collateral Access Agreements, in each case in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, such that the Collateral Agent shall become a party to each such Collateral Access Agreement. 
 Reserved . 
 52 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

Within sixty (60) days following the Closing Date (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion), the Loan Parties shall deliver to the Collateral Agent insurance certificates and endorsements naming the Collateral Agent as lender loss payee and or additional insured, as applicable, under each general liability, casualty and property insurance policy of each Loan Party. 
 In furtherance of the obligations under Section 6.12, the Loan Parties shall conduct a review of the Collateral and cooperate with the Agents in their review of the Collateral, including, without limitation, all of the Borrower s and each other Loan Party s accounts, equipment, real estate, intellectual property and other assets, and following such review, the Loan Parties agree to take any further actions requested by the Agents as may be required by Section 6.12. 
 Specified Event Refinancing . Specified Liquidity Transaction . 
 Specified Event . 
 At all times after the First Amendment Effective Date, the Loan Parties shall engage and retain Investment Bank on terms approved by the First Lien Agent to, among other things, assist with a Specified Event. 
 The Borrower shall diligently pursue a Specified Event pursuant to a process reasonably acceptable to the First Lien Agent, which shall include milestones reasonably acceptable to the First Lien Agent (satisfaction of which is not required by the terms of this Agreement and the failure of the Borrowers to satisfy such milestones shall not constitute an Event of Default (for the avoidance of doubt except with respect to Section 6.23(a)(iii) below)). 
 No later than May 31, 2023 at 5 00 p.m. (Eastern time), or such later date as the First Lien Agent may agree in its sole discretion (unless the Required Lenders (as defined in the First Lien Credit Agreement) otherwise direct the First Lien Agent in writing), the Borrower shall have consummated any Specified Event provided that such foregoing date shall not be extended by the Borrower or the First Lien Agent to any date after August 31, 2023 without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent. 
 The proceeds of each Specified Event shall be deposited into the Concentration Account (as defined in the First Lien Credit Agreement) and applied to the payment of the Obligations then outstanding in accordance with Section 2.05(b) of this Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions of the Intercreditor Agreement. 
 Refinancing Reserved . 
 (i) At all times after the First Amendment Effective Date, the Borrower shall continue to engage and retain Investment Bank and cause Investment Bank to, among other things, begin pursuing commitments from third party financial institutions or other lenders for one or more credit facilities or other financing transactions to the extent such credit facilities or other financing transactions constitute a Qualifying Refinancing Transaction, the net proceeds of which would be sufficient to cause all Secured Obligations to be Fully Satisfied (collectively, a Specified Refinancing Transaction ), and the Borrower shall provide Administrative Agent with evidence of its compliance with this Section 6.23(b)(i) (including, without limitation, by providing Administrative Agent with a copy of an executed engagement letter between the Borrower and the Investment Bank), it being understood that such evidence shall be subject to any applicable confidentiality provisions set forth in this Agreement. 
 (ii) In connection with pursuing a Specified Refinancing Transaction (A) by no later than May 15, 2023 or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree in its sole discretion (unless the Required Lenders otherwise direct the Administrative Agent in writing), the Borrower shall cause Investment Bank to contact prospective lenders as may be necessary in Investment Bank s professional judgment to lead to a successful closing of a Specified Refinancing Transaction, and the Borrower shall provide Administrative Agent with evidence of 
 53 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

its compliance with this Section 6.19(b)(ii) and (B) the Borrower shall (and shall cause Investment Bank to) comply with such other milestones as may be necessary in Investment Bank s professional judgment (which milestones shall be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) to lead to a successful closing of a Specified Refinancing Transaction. 
 (a) Specified Liquidity Transaction. 
 (i) Except to the extent otherwise agreed to by the Administrative Agent, at all times after the Third Amendment Effective Date, the Borrower shall continue to engage and retain Investment Bank, and cause Investment Bank to, among other things, pursue a liquidity event, which may include a sale of Equity Interests or a Disposition of assets related to one or more of the Loan Parties business units and any associated Intellectual Property used exclusively therewith, in each case, that is made for all cash consideration and the net proceeds of which would be sufficient to cause all Secured Obligations to be Fully Satisfied (collectively, a Specified Liquidity Transaction ), and the Borrower shall provide Administrative Agent with evidence of its compliance with this Section 6.23(c)(i). 
 (ii) In connection with pursuing a Specified Liquidity Transaction, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall cooperate in good faith with the requests of interested parties, including diligence requests, in each case to maximize the efficacy of and to consummate a Specified Liquidity Transaction. 
 (iii) (c) The At the request of the Administrative Agent, the Loan Parties shall , and shall cause the Investment Bank to , provide the Administrative Agent with a listing of all parties contacted by the Loan Parties and the Investment Bank regarding any Specified Event Liquidity Transaction and copies of all Specified Event-related Liquidity Transaction-related materials (all of which the Administrative Agent may distribute to the Lenders (subject to any applicable confidentiality provisions set forth in this Agreement)). The Except to the extent otherwise agreed to by the Administrative Agent, the Loan Parties shall , and shall cause the Investment Bank to , (A) provide weekly updates regarding any Specified Event Liquidity Transaction to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (which shall be led by the Investment Bank and shall include providing a written summary update (which shall be subject to any applicable confidentiality provisions set forth in this Agreement) of the current involvement of all parties contacted by the Loan Parties and the Investment Bank regarding any Specified Event Liquidity Transaction and a written summary (which shall be subject to any applicable confidentiality provisions set forth in this Agreement) of the material terms of all actionable letters of intent, indications of interest, and purchase agreements received to date (together with copies of same)) and (B) be available to discuss any Specified Event Liquidity Transaction with the Administrative Agent and the Lenders upon request made upon reasonable advance notice. The Borrower shall promptly (and in any event within two (2) Business Days) respond to all other material or information requests regarding any Specified Event Liquidity Transaction reasonably made by the Administrative Agent or the Lenders to the Borrower. 
 Teleconferences . At the Administrative Agent s request, not less than monthly the Loan Parties shall be available to conduct a telephonic meeting with the CRO and the Loan Parties other advisors in which the respective representatives of the Borrower, each other Loan Party, the Administrative Agent, and their respective advisors and counsel shall be entitled to participate, whereupon the Borrower shall present, among other things, an update on the Loan Parties cash flow, changes in management and or organizational structure, business operations, and financial performance and updates regarding the Contingency Transition Plan and their efforts to obtain a Specified Refinancing Liquidity Transaction, including prospective lenders parties contacted, diligence information provided, proposals or commitments received and the status of negotiation and documentation of such replacement financing transaction , and the Borrower shall promptly provide copies of any such proposals, commitments or other documents to the Administrative Agent. 
 CRO Financial Consultant . 
 54 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

The Loan Parties agree that, at all times from and after (x) in the event the Specified Event shall not have occurred on or prior to May 31, 2023 (or such later date agreed to in writing by the First Lien Agent in its sole discretion), June 1, 2023 and (y) otherwise, June 12, 2023 (or such later date agreed to in writing by the First Lien Agent in its sole discretion) , the Third Amendment Effective Date, the Loan Parties shall, at their sole cost and expense and after consulting with the First Lien Agent, retain a third party financial consultant (a Financial Consultant to provide financial and business assistance to the Loan Parties during such period, which Financial Consultant shall be Steve L. Coulombe (or such other Person acceptable to the First Lien Agent in its sole discretion and shall have a scope of engagement of that is reasonably satisfactory to the First Lien Agent. If the Loan Parties cooperate with the Financial Consultant (including, without limitation, in connection with the preparation and or review of Borrowing Base Certificates (as defined in the First Lien Credit Agreement), Approved Budgets and Approved Budget Variance Reports) in a manner consistent with the role of the Borrower Consultant as required by Section 6.10(b) of the Credit Agreement, such retention of a Financial Consultant may be made in lieu of compliance with Section 6.10(b) (subject to such Financial Consultant acting in the same capacity (and with the same obligations) as the Borrower Consultant). as chief restructuring officer of the Loan Parties (the CRO ), with such duties and responsibilities as are customary for a Person acting in the capacity of a chief restructuring officer. The CRO shall (at all times) diligently provide each of the Services (as defined in the CRO Engagement Letter). 
 The terms and scope of the engagement of the Financial Consultant shall be acceptable to the First Lien Agent and, without limiting the foregoing, the engagement shall (i) permit the Financial Consultant to report directly to the board of managers or directors, as applicable, of each Loan Party, (ii) grant the Administrative Agent and the Lenders complete and unfettered access to the Financial Consultant and authorize the Financial Consultant to communicate directly with the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and to furnish the Administrative Agent and the Lenders with such information as the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may request (together with copies of all written materials provided to the board of managers or directors of each Loan Party by such Financial Consultant), and (iii) require that the Financial Consultant review and submit on behalf of the Loan Parties all financial information and other reports required to be delivered by the Loan Parties to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. CRO shall be set forth in the engagement letter (the CRO Engagement Letter with respect thereto, and the Borrower shall not amend or modify the terms and scope of the engagement in any manner adverse to the Lenders without the prior written consent of the First Lien Agent. 
 Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Loan Party (i) hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent (or its agents or advisors) to communicate directly with the Financial Consultant CRO regarding any and all matters related to the Loan Parties, including, without limitation, all financial reports and projections developed, reviewed or verified by the Financial Consultant CRO and all additional information, reports and statements requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, and (ii) hereby authorizes and directs the Financial Consultant CRO to provide the Administrative Agent with copies of reports and other information or materials required to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement and prepared or reviewed by the Financial Consultant CRO as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may request provided, that none of the Loan Parties or Financial Consultant the CRO will be required to disclose any document, information or other matter (x) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or their respective agent or representatives) is prohibited by Law or any binding agreement entered into with third parties that are not Affiliates of the Loan Parties Borrower (and only so long as such confidentiality obligations were not incurred to avoid disclosure pursuant to this section) or (y) that is, upon the reasonable advice of the Loan Parties Borrower s counsel, subject to attorney-client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product. 
 Any waiver by the First Lien Agent of any provisions set forth in Section 6.20 of the First Lien Credit Agreement shall be deemed a waiver of such corresponding provisions in this Section 6.24 6.24 . 
 55 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

5.14 Independent Board Members and Alternative Transactions Committee. 
 (a) On or prior to August 11, 2023 (or such later date agreed to by the First Lien Agent in writing in its sole discretion), the Borrower (at its sole cost an expense) shall 
 (i) appoint and maintain (at all times) two independent members to the board of directors (or other equivalent management board) of the Borrower from prospective candidates disclosed in writing to the First Lien Agent and the lenders under the First Lien Credit Agreement prior to the Third Amendment Effective Date (or such other Persons reasonably acceptable to the First Lien Agent) (collectively, the Independent Board Members ), having the duties, rights and obligations as set forth in the form of resolutions of the board of directors of the Borrower previously provided to the Administrative Agent on or immediately prior to the Third Amendment Effective Date (the Transaction Committee Resolutions and, without limiting the foregoing, shall permit the Independent Board Members to attend and participate in all meetings of the board of directors (or other equivalent management board) of the Borrower and 
 (ii) appoint and maintain (at all times) a committee (the Alternative Transactions Committee of the board of directors (or other equivalent management board) of the Borrower which shall consist of three (3) board members, two of whom shall be the Independent Board Members and such Alternative Transactions Committee shall have the powers set forth in the Transaction Committee Resolutions. 
 (b) The Alternative Transactions Committee shall (at all times) (i) pursue and evaluate on or more Specified Liquidity Transactions, (ii) with the assistance of the CRO, develop, analyze and implement a contingency a Contingency Transition Plan and (iii) upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, consummate a Specified Liquidity Transaction and Contingency Transition Plan, in each case as described in the Transaction Committee Resolutions. 
 (c) The Borrower shall not amend, modify, rescind or revoke, or permit any amendment, modification, rescindment or revocation of, the Transaction Committee Resolutions in a manner adverse to the Lenders without the prior written consent of the First Lien Agent. 
 NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 So long as any Obligation (other than contingent indemnification obligations for which no claim has been asserted) hereunder shall not be Fully Satisfied, no Loan Party shall 
 Liens . Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property, assets or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired or sign or file or suffer to exist under the UCC or any similar Law or statute of any jurisdiction a financing statement that names any Loan Party as debtor or sign or suffer to exist any security agreement authorizing any Person thereunder to file such financing statement, other than the following (each of the following, a Permitted Encumbrance 
 (a) (i) Liens pursuant to any Loan Document and (ii) Liens pursuant to any First Lien Loan Document 
 (b) Liens existing on the date hereof and listed on Schedule 7.01 and any renewals or extensions thereof, provided , that (i) the property covered thereby is not changed, (ii) the amount secured or benefited thereby is not increased, (iii) the direct or any contingent obligor with respect thereto is not changed, and (iv) any renewal or extension of the obligations secured or benefited thereby is otherwise permitted by Section 7.03(b) 
 (c) Liens imposed by law for Taxes that are not yet due or are being contested in compliance with Section 6.04 
 56 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

(d) carriers , warehousemen s, mechanics , materialmen s, repairmen s and other like Liens imposed by applicable Law, arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations that are not overdue by more than thirty (30) days or are being contested in compliance with Section 6.04 
 (e) pledges and deposits made in the ordinary course of business in compliance with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security laws or regulations, other than any Lien imposed by ERISA 
 (f) Landlords and lessors Liens in respect of obligations not in default 
 (g) deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts and leases (other than Indebtedness), statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business 
 (h) Liens relating to Real Estate consisting of easements, covenants, conditions, restrictions, building code laws, zoning restrictions, rights-of-way and similar encumbrances on real property and interests of tenants, subtenants, licensees and other occupants, only as tenants, subtenants, licensees or other occupants, as applicable, under any lease, sublease, license agreement, or other occupancy agreement, in each case, imposed by law or arising in the ordinary course of business that do not secure any Indebtedness and do not materially detract from the value of the affected property or materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of business of a Loan Party and such other minor title defects or survey matters that are disclosed by current surveys that, in each case, do not materially interfere with the current use of the real property 
 (i) Liens in respect of judgments for the payment of money that would not constitute an Event of Default under Section 8.01(h) 
 (j) Liens on fixed or capital assets acquired by any Loan Party which are permitted under Section 7.03(e) so long as (i) such Liens and the Indebtedness secured thereby are incurred prior to or within one hundred twenty (120) days after such acquisition, (ii) the Indebtedness secured thereby does not exceed the cost or fair market value, whichever is lower, of the property being acquired on the date of acquisition and (iii) such Liens shall not extend to any other property or assets of the Loan Parties 
 (k) possessory Liens in favor of brokers and dealers arising in connection with the acquisition or disposition of Investments owned as of the date hereof and Permitted Investments, provided , that such liens (a) attach only to such Investments and (b) secure only obligations incurred in the ordinary course and arising in connection with the acquisition or disposition of such Investments and not any obligation in connection with margin financing 
 (l) subject in all respects to the terms and conditions of the Merchandising Agreement Side Letter, Liens in favor of FLC on the Licensed Merchandise and proceeds thereof in accordance with the Merchandising Agreement and, subject to the terms and conditions of the Merchandising Agreement Side Letter (including the requirement of release of liens on proceeds of Licensed Merchandise in accordance therewith), a first priority Lien in favor of FLC with respect to the Licensed Merchandise Account pursuant to a deposit account control agreement in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent 
 (m) banker s liens, liens in favor of securities intermediaries, rights of setoff or similar rights and remedies as to deposit accounts or securities accounts or other funds maintained with depository institutions or securities intermediaries 
 (n) Liens arising from precautionary UCC filings 
 (o) Liens on property (other than property of the type included in the Borrowing Base) in existence at the time such property is acquired pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition or on such property of a Loan Party in existence at the time such Loan Party is acquired pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition provided , that (x) such Liens are not incurred in connection with or in anticipation of such Permitted Acquisition and do not attach to any other assets of any Loan Party and (y) the Borrower shall 
 57 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

use commercially reasonable efforts to remove any such Liens described in this clause (o) which are involuntary 
 (p) intentionally omitted 
 (q) Liens in favor of customs and revenues authorities imposed by applicable Law arising in the ordinary course of business in connection with the importation of goods and securing obligations (i) that are not overdue by more than thirty (30) days, or (ii)(A) that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (B) the applicable Loan Party has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP and (C) such contest effectively suspends collection of the contested obligation and enforcement of any Lien securing such obligation 
 (r) Liens in connection with any sale-leasebacks permitted by clause (h) of Section 7.05 provided , that no such Lien shall extend to cover any property or asset of such Loan Party other than the lease entered into in connection with any such sale-leaseback 
 (s) Liens consisting of cash deposits in an amount not to exceed 10,000,000 securing the obligations of the Borrower under Bank Products permitted under Section 7.03(d) 
 (t) in connection with the sale or transfer of all of the Equity Interests of a Subsidiary in a transaction permitted by Section 7.05 , customary rights and restrictions contained in agreements relating to such sale or transfer pending the completion thereof and 
 (u) in the case of a Subsidiary that is not a wholly-owned Subsidiary, any put and call arrangements related to its Equity Interests set forth in its Organizational Documents or any related joint venture or similar agreement. 
 Investments . Make any Investments, except for the following (each a Permitted Investment 
 (v) Investments existing on the Closing Date and set forth on Schedule 7.02 or any continuation or roll-over of any such Investment, so long as the amount thereof is not increased 
 (w) reserved 
 (x) advances to officers, directors and employees of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties in an aggregate amount not to exceed 50,000 at any time outstanding, for travel, entertainment, relocation and analogous ordinary business purposes. 
 (y) (i) Investments by any Loan Party in their respective Subsidiaries outstanding on the date hereof, and (ii) additional Investments by any Loan Party in Loan Parties 
 (z) Investments consisting of extensions of credit in the nature of accounts receivable or notes receivable arising from the grant of trade credit in the ordinary course of business, and Investments received in satisfaction or partial satisfaction thereof from financially troubled account debtors to the extent reasonably necessary in order to prevent or limit loss 
 (aa) Guarantees constituting Permitted Indebtedness 
 (bb) Investments constituting Permitted Acquisitions reserved 
 (cc) Investments in Permitted Self-Insurance Programs not to exceed 25,000,000 in the aggregate 
 (dd) Investments received in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of, or settlement of delinquent accounts and disputes with, customers and suppliers, in each case in the ordinary course of business 
 58 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

(ee) Investments by any Loan Party in Swap Contracts permitted hereunder 
 (ff) reserved and 
 (gg) Solely to the extent made prior to the First Amendment Effective Date, Investments in Immaterial Subsidiaries (in addition to any Investments permitted pursuant to clause (h) above prior to the First Amendment Effective Date) in an aggregate amount invested at any time during the term of this Agreement not to exceed 60,000,000. 
 provided , however , that notwithstanding the foregoing, such Investments shall be pledged to the Collateral Agent as collateral for the Secured Obligations pursuant to such agreements as may be reasonably required by the Collateral Agent. 
 Indebtedness Disqualified Stock . Issue Disqualified Stock or create, incur, assume, guarantee, suffer to exist, issue or otherwise become or remain liable with respect to, any Indebtedness, except the following Permitted Indebtedness 
 (hh) (i) the Secured Obligations and (ii) the Secured Obligations (as defined in the First Lien Credit Agreement) permitted to be incurred under the First Lien Credit Agreement as in effect on the Closing Date (excluding any increase in the commitments thereunder pursuant to Section 2.15 of the First Lien Credit Agreement) and subject to the Intercreditor Agreement provided that, in no event shall the Aggregate FILO Facility Commitments (as defined in the First Lien Credit Agreement) exceed 40,000,000 at any time 
 (ii) Indebtedness outstanding on the date hereof and listed on Schedule 7.03 and any Permitted Refinancings thereof 
 (jj) Indebtedness of any Loan Party to any other Loan Party and guaranties by any Loan Party of any Indebtedness of any other Loan Party otherwise permitted hereunder 
 (kk) obligations (contingent or otherwise) of any Loan Party existing or arising under any Swap Contract, provided , that (i) such obligations are (or were) entered into by such Person in the ordinary course of business for the purpose of directly mitigating risks associated with liabilities, commitments, investments, assets, or property held or reasonably anticipated by such Person, or changes in the value of securities issued by such Person, and not for purposes of speculation or taking a market view and (ii) such Swap Contract does not contain any provision exonerating the non-defaulting party from its obligation to make payments on outstanding transactions to the defaulting party provided , that the aggregate notional amount of all such Swap Contracts shall not exceed 125,000,000 at any time outstanding 
 without duplication of Indebtedness described in clause (g) of this definition, purchase money Indebtedness of any Loan Party to finance the acquisition of any fixed or capital assets, including Capital Lease Obligations, and any Indebtedness assumed in connection with the acquisition of any such assets or secured by a Lien on any such assets prior to the acquisition thereof, and any Permitted Refinancing thereof, provided , however , that the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness permitted by this clause (e) shall not exceed 60,000,000 at any time outstanding and provided, further, that, if requested by the First Lien Agent with respect to any Material Storage Location, the Loan Parties shall cause the holders of such Indebtedness to enter into a Collateral Access Agreement on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent 
 (ll) contingent liabilities under surety bonds or similar instruments incurred in the ordinary course of business 
 (mm) Indebtedness with respect to the deferred purchase price for any Permitted Acquisition, provided , that such Indebtedness does not require the payment in cash of principal (other than in respect of working capital adjustments) prior to the Maturity Date, has a maturity which extends beyond the Maturity Date, and is subordinated to the Secured Obligations on terms reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent 
 59 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

Indebtedness of any Loan Party that exists at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary of a Loan Party pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition (other than Indebtedness incurred in contemplation of such Person s becoming a Subsidiary of a Loan Party) and any Permitted Refinancing thereof as long as, in the case of any sale-leaseback transaction permitted hereunder with respect to any Material Storage Location, the Collateral Agent shall have received from such purchaser or transferee a Collateral Access Agreement on terms and conditions reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent 
 (nn) intentionally omitted 
 (oo) intentionally omitted 
 (pp) intentionally omitted 
 (qq) Indebtedness owed to any Person providing worker s compensation, health, disability or other employee benefits or property, casualty insurance or liability insurance, pursuant to reimbursement or indemnification obligations to such Person, in each case, incurred in the ordinary course of business and 
 (rr) Indebtedness owed in respect of any overdrafts and related liabilities arising from Cash Management Services or any other treasury, depositary and cash management services or in connection with any ACH transfer of funds. 
 Fundamental Changes . Merge, dissolve, liquidate, consolidate with or into another Person (including, in each case, pursuant to a Division), or agree to do any of the foregoing, except that, so long as no Default shall have occurred and be continuing prior to or immediately after giving effect to any action described below or would result therefrom 
 (ss) any Loan Party other than the Borrower may merge with or into another Loan Party, provided that in the case of any such transaction involving the Borrower, the Borrower shall be the surviving entity and . 
 (b) in connection with a Permitted Acquisition, any Loan Party may merge with or into or consolidate with any other Person or permit any other Person to merge with or into or consolidate with it provided , that such Loan Party is the surviving Person. 
 Dispositions . Make any Disposition, except the following (each a Permitted Disposition 
 (a) Dispositions of Equipment in the ordinary course of business that is substantially worn, damaged, obsolete or, in the judgment of a Loan Party, no longer useful or necessary in its business and is not replaced with similar property having at least equivalent value 
 (b) Dispositions of Inventory in the ordinary course of business 
 (c) Store closings (including the termination or non-renewal of any applicable Lease or contract), bulk sales or other dispositions of the Inventory of a Loan Party conducted in orderly fashion in accordance with the applicable Store contract or otherwise and otherwise typical for the college bookseller industry Customary Dispositions ), provided , that any other Store closures and related Inventory dispositions that are not Customary Dispositions shall be permitted hereunder so long as such closures and dispositions shall not exceed (i) in any Fiscal Year of the Borrower, ten percent (10.0 of the number of the Loan Parties Store contracts as of the beginning of such Fiscal Year (net of new Store openings) and (ii) in the aggregate from and after the Closing Date, twenty-five percent (25.0 of the number of such Loan Parties Store contracts in existence as of the Closing Date (net of new Store openings) 
 (d) Dispositions of Inventory constituting Licensed Merchandise in accordance with the Merchandising Agreement and the E-Commerce Agreement 
 60 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

(e) non-exclusive licenses of Intellectual Property of a Loan Party in the ordinary course of business 
 (f) sales, transfers and dispositions by any Loan Party to another Loan Party 
 (g) reserved 
 (h) reserved 
 (g) sales, transfers and dispositions of any Immaterial Subsidiary to another Person provided, however, that the total assets and gross revenue of all Immaterial Subsidiaries disposed of from and after the Closing Date shall not exceed five percent (5 of (i) the Consolidated total assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and (ii) the Consolidated gross revenue of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, respectively 
 (h) as long as no Default then exists or would arise therefrom and each of the Agents shall have consented thereto in writing, sales of Real Estate of any Loan Party (or sales of any Person or Persons created to hold such Real Estate or the equity interests in such Person or Persons), including sale-leaseback transactions involving any such Real Estate pursuant to leases on market terms and in an aggregate amount disposed of at any time during the term of this Agreement not to exceed 10,000,000, and as long as, in the case of any sale-leaseback transaction permitted hereunder with respect to any Material Storage Location, the Collateral Agent shall have received from such purchaser or transferee a Collateral Access Agreement on terms and conditions reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent 
 (i) any Disposition of Real Estate to a Governmental Authority as a result of the condemnation of such Real Estate 
 (j) as long as each of the Agents shall have consented thereto in writing, Dispositions of Excluded Assets in accordance with any intercreditor agreement or Security Documents applicable thereto, in an aggregate amount disposed of at any time during the term of this Agreement not to exceed 10,000,000 and not constituting Material IP 
 (k) termination or non-renewal of a Lease and granting a lease, sublease, license or other occupancy interest with respect to any owned Real Estate or any real property subject to a Lease, in each case, so long as such action could not reasonably be expected to result in Material Adverse Effect and 
 (l) as long as no Default exists or would arise therefrom and without duplication of Dispositions permitted pursuant to clauses (a) through (k) above, any other Disposition constituting a Specified Event, provided the Net Proceeds thereof are applied in accordance with the terms of Section 2.05(b) . 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, no Material IP shall be permitted to be transferred (including by way of an exclusive license, investment, Disposition, designation as an Immaterial Subsidiary or otherwise), or come to be owned by, any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party. 
 Restricted Payments . Make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, except that, so long as no Default shall have occurred and be continuing prior to or immediately after giving effect to any action described below or would result therefrom, including no Event of Default arising as a result of a breach of Section 7.15 of the First Lien Credit Agreement (calculating the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio on a pro forma basis) 
 (m) each Loan Party may make Restricted Payments to any Loan Party 
 (n) the Loan Parties may declare and make dividend payments or other distributions payable solely in the common stock or other Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Stock) of such Person and 
 61 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

(o) intentionally omitted and 
 (p) intentionally omitted . 
 Payments of Indebtedness Prepayments of Indebtedness . Prepay . Pay , redeem, purchase, defease or otherwise satisfy, in each case , prior to the scheduled maturity thereof in any manner any Indebtedness for borrowed money (other than Indebtedness under the Loan Documents and the First Lien Loan Documents), except that, so long as no Default shall have occurred and be continuing prior to or immediately after giving effect to any action described below or would result therefrom, including no Event of Default arising as a result of a breach of Section 7.15 of the First Lien Credit Agreement (calculating the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio on a pro forma basis) 
 (q) regularly scheduled or mandatory repayments, repurchases, redemptions or defeasances of Permitted Indebtedness 
 (r) intentionally omitted and 
 (s) Permitted Refinancings of certain Permitted Indebtedness in accordance with Section 7.03 7.03 . 
 Change in Nature of Business . Engage in any line of business substantially different from the Business. 
 Transactions with Affiliates . Enter into, renew, extend or be a party to any transaction of any kind with any Affiliate of any Loan Party, whether or not in the ordinary course of business, other than on fair and reasonable terms substantially as favorable to the Loan Parties as would be obtainable by the Loan Parties at the time in a comparable arm s length transaction with a Person other than an Affiliate, provided , that the foregoing restriction shall not apply to any transaction between or among the Loan Parties not prohibited hereunder. 
 Burdensome Agreements . Enter into, permit any Subsidiary to enter into, or permit to exist any Contractual Obligation (other than this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any First Lien Loan Document) that (a) limits the ability (i) of any Subsidiary to make Restricted Payments or other distributions to any Loan Party or to otherwise transfer property to or invest in a Loan Party, (ii) of any Subsidiary to Guarantee the Secured Obligations, (iii) of any Subsidiary to make or repay loans to a Loan Party, or (iv) of the Loan Parties or any Subsidiary to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist Liens on property of such Person in favor of the Collateral Agent provided , however , that this clause (iv) shall not prohibit any negative pledge incurred or provided in favor of any holder of Indebtedness permitted under and in accordance with clauses (e) (solely to the extent any such negative pledge relates to the property financed by or the subject of such Indebtedness), (g), (h) (solely to the extent any such negative pledge relates to the Subsidiary acquired pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition) or (k) (solely to the extent any such negative pledge relates to the property financed by or the subject of such Indebtedness) of Section 7.03 or (b) requires the grant of a Lien to secure an obligation of such Person if a Lien is granted to secure another obligation of such Person provided , that (x) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions and conditions imposed by applicable Law, (y) the foregoing shall not apply to customary restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to the sale of a Subsidiary permitted hereunder pending such sale, provided , that such restrictions and conditions apply only to the Subsidiary that is to be sold and (z) clause (a)(iv) of this Section shall not apply to customary provisions in leases restricting the assignment thereof or the granting of a leasehold mortgage thereon. 
 Use of Proceeds Use of Proceeds . Use the proceeds of the Loans, whether directly or indirectly, and whether immediately, incidentally or ultimately, to purchase or carry margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U of the FRB) or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock or to refund Indebtedness originally incurred for such purpose. 
 Amendment of Organizational Documents, Material Indebtedness or Certain Contracts . . 
 62 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

(t) Amend, modify or waive (a) its Organization Documents in a manner materially adverse to the Credit Parties, (b) the definition of Licensed Merchandise under any Licensed Merchandise Agreement, or (c) any other provisions of any Licensed Merchandise Agreement or any Loan Party s rights under any Material Indebtedness, in each case to the extent that such amendment, modification or waiver (i) would violate, or compliance with which could reasonably be expected to result in the violation of, any Loan Document, (ii) otherwise could reasonably be expected to be materially adverse to the interests of the Credit Parties, taken as a whole, or (iii) could be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (u) Enter into, amend, modify or otherwise supplement any advisory, consulting, investment banking or other similar third party engagements (including with respect to the CRO and Investment Bank) with any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, except to the extent such amendments, modifications or engagements are approved by the CRO and are on terms and conditions reasonably acceptable to the First Lien Agent. 
 Corporate Name Fiscal Year . 
 (v) Change the Fiscal Year of any Loan Party, or the material accounting policies or reporting practices of the Loan Parties, except as required by GAAP. 
 (w) Effect or permit any change referred to in Section 6.14 unless (i) the Collateral Agent s written acknowledgement that all filings have been made under the UCC or otherwise that are required in order for the Collateral Agent to continue at all times following such change to have a valid, legal and perfected second priority security interest in all the Collateral for its own benefit and the benefit of the other Credit Parties, and (ii) after giving effect to any change to the location of the Collateral, all Collateral shall be located within the United States. 
 Anti-Layering . The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any Guarantor to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist (x) Indebtedness (including Indebtedness acquired or assumed as part of an acquisition) that is contractually subordinated or junior in right of payment to any Indebtedness of the Borrower or such Guarantor, as the case may be, unless such Indebtedness is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Loans or the applicable Guarantor s guarantee of the Loans to the extent and in the same manner as such Indebtedness is subordinated in right of payment to other Indebtedness of the Borrower or such Guarantor, as the case may be, or (y) any Indebtedness that is secured and which is, by its express terms, subordinated as to rights to receive, or subject to turnover of, payments or proceeds of collateral to any other Indebtedness of the Borrower or such Guarantor secured in whole or in part by the same collateral (including any first-loss or last-out tranche under the First Lien Loan Documents or the documentation governing any other first lien facilities), unless both (1) such Indebtedness ranks pari passu or junior in right of payment to the Loans and (2) the liens securing such Indebtedness rank pari passu or junior to the liens securing the Loans. 
 Intentionally Omitted. Financial Covenants . 
 (d) Commencing on September 30, 2023, permit Consolidated EBITDA for the Measurement Period ending on each date set forth below to be less than the corresponding amount set forth below 
 Measurement Period Ending Minimum Consolidated EBITDA Fiscal Month ended September, 2023 10,315,330 
 63 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

Fiscal Month ended October, 2023 15,256,540 Fiscal Month ended November, 2023 9,077,550 Fiscal Month ended December, 2023 18,372,410 Fiscal Month ended January, 2024 20,535,180 Fiscal Month ended February, 2024 41,067,840 Fiscal Month ended March, 2024 38,098,580 Fiscal Month ended April, 2024 42,774,020 Fiscal Month ended May, 2024 44,696,020 Fiscal Month ended June, 2024 46,828,780 Fiscal Month ended July, 2024 49,630,320 Fiscal Month ended August, 2024 50,813,210 
 64 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

Fiscal Month ended September, 2024 56,690,000 Fiscal Month ended October, 2024 57,324,000 Fiscal Month ended November, 2024 56,515,000 Fiscal Month ended December, 2024 55,168,000 
 
 (e) Any waiver or modification by the First Lien Agent of any provisions set forth in Section 7.15 of the First Lien Credit Agreement shall be deemed a waiver or modification, as applicable, of such corresponding provisions in this Section 7.15. 
 Variance Covenant . 
 (f) On each of July 29, 2023 and August 5, 2023 , permit Actual Disbursement Amounts for each rolling Cumulative Four-Week Period then ended to exceed the Budgeted Disbursement Amounts for such Cumulative Four-Week Period reflected in the applicable Approved Budget (s) by an amount greater than ten percent (10.0 of such Budgeted Disbursement Amounts for such period. 
 (g) 7.16 Variance Covenant . From and after the commencement of the Variance Testing Period on a weekly basis (x) commencing June 10 Commencing August 12 , 2023, with respect to each of Prior Week occurring thereafter (until a Cumulative Four-Week Period has elapsed after June 3, 2023) , permit (i) Actual Disbursement Amounts for any Prior Week to exceed the Budgeted Disbursement Amounts , as reflected in the applicable Approved Budget, for such Prior Week by an amount greater than fifteen percent (15.0 of such Budgeted Disbursement Amounts for such Prior Week and (y) commencing as of first ten percent (10.0 (or, until a full Cumulative Four-Week Period after June 3 August 12 , 2023 , permit Actual Disbursement Amounts for each rolling shall have occurred, such greater percentage as may be agreed to in writing by the First Lien Agent in its sole discretion), (ii) Actual Cash Receipts for any Prior Week to be less than an amount equal to ninety percent (90.0 (or, until a full Cumulative Four-Week Period to exceed after August 12, 2023 shall have occurred, such lower percentage as may be agreed to in writing by the First Lien Agent in its sole discretion) of the Budgeted Disbursement Amounts Cash Receipts for such Cumulative Four-Week Period Prior Week, as reflected in the applicable Approved Budget (s) by an amount greater than ten percent (10.0 of such Budgeted Disbursement Amounts for such period. Each Loan Party agrees to provide the Administrative Agent with such information and detail concerning weekly third-party vendor payable disbursements as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, including reasonable opportunity to communicate with and discuss with the Borrower s management and its advisors to understand necessary disbursements. Any waiver by the First Lien Agent of any provisions set forth in Section 7.16 of the First Lien Credit Agreement shall be 
 65 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

deemed a waiver of such corresponding provisions in this Section 7.16. and (iii) Actual Inventory Receipts for any Prior Week to be less than an amount equal to ninety percent (90.0 (or, until a full Cumulative Four-Week Period after August 12, 2023 shall have occurred, such lower percentage as may be agreed to in writing by the First Lien Agent in its sole discretion) of the Budgeted Inventory Receipts for such Prior Week, as reflected in the applicable Approved Budget, in each case solely with respect to BNCB. 
 (h) Commencing as of the first full Cumulative Four-Week Period after August 12, 2023, with respect to each Cumulative Four-Week Period occurring thereafter, permit (i) Actual Disbursement Amounts for any Cumulative Four-Week Period to exceed the Budgeted Disbursement Amounts for such Cumulative Four-Week Period, as reflected in the applicable Approved Budget, by an amount greater than ten percent (10.0 ), (ii) Actual Cash Receipts for any Cumulative Four-Week Period to be less than an amount equal to ninety percent (90.0 of the Budgeted Cash Receipts for such Cumulative Four-Week Period, as reflected in the applicable Approved Budget, (iii) Actual Inventory Receipts for any Cumulative Four-Week Period to be less than an amount equal to ninety percent (90.0 of the Budgeted Inventory Receipts for such Cumulative Four-Week Period, as reflected in the applicable Approved Budget, and (iv) Actual Net Cash Flow for any Cumulative Four-Week Period (1) if projected to be a positive amount, to be less than an amount equal to ninety percent (90.0 of the Budgeted Net Cash Flow for such Cumulative Four-Week Period and (2) if projected to be a negative amount, to be greater than ten percent (10.0 of the Budgeted Net Cash Flow for such Cumulative Four-Week Period, each, as reflected in the applicable Approved Budget, in each case of the foregoing clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) solely with respect to BNBC. 
 (i) Any waiver or modification by the First Lien Agent of any provisions set forth in Section 7.16 of the First Lien Credit Agreement shall be deemed a waiver or modification, as applicable, of such corresponding provisions in this Section 7.16. 
 Sanctions . Directly or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, indirectly use the proceeds of the Loans, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary, joint venture partner or other individual or entity, to fund any activities of or business with any individual or entity, or in any Designated Jurisdiction, that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of Sanctions, or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any individual or entity (including any individual or entity participating in the transaction, whether as Lender, Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent, or otherwise) of Sanctions. 
 Anti-Corruption Laws . Directly or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, indirectly use the proceeds of the Loans for any purpose which would breach the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010, and other similar anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions. 
 EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 
 Events of Default . Any of the events referred to in the below clauses of this Section 8.01 shall constitute an Event of Default 
 (a) Non-Payment . The Borrower fails to pay when and as required to be paid herein, (i) any amount of principal of the Loans, or (ii) within three (3) Business Days after the same becomes due, any interest on any Loan or any fee due hereunder, or any other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document or 
 (b) Specific Covenants . (i) Any Loan Party fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in any of Section 6.01 6.01 , Section 6.02 6.02 , Section 6.03 6.03 , Section 6.05 6.05 , Section 6.07 6.07 , Section 6.10 6.10 , Section 6.11 6.11 , Section 6.12 6.12 , Section 6.23 6.23 (and except for any such failure under Section 6.23(a)(iii) 6.23(a)(ii) and Section 6.23(a)(iii) (which shall constitute an immediate Event of Default) such failure under Section 6.23 6.23 continues for three (3) Business Days), Section 6.24 6.24, Section 6.25, or Article VII or 
 66 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

(c) Other Defaults . Any Loan Party fails to perform or observe any other covenant or agreement (not specified in subsection (a) or (b) above) contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed and such failure continues for thirty (30) days or 
 (d) Representations and Warranties . Any representation, warranty, certification or statement of fact made by or on behalf of the Borrower or any other Loan Party herein, in any other Loan Document, or in any document delivered in connection herewith or therewith shall be incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed made or 
 (e) Cross-Default . (i) Any Loan Party (A) fails to make any payment when due (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise) in respect of any Material Indebtedness (including undrawn committed or available amounts and including amounts owing to all creditors under any combined or syndicated credit arrangement) or Guarantee (other than Indebtedness hereunder and Indebtedness under Swap Contracts), or (B) fails to observe or perform any other agreement or condition relating to any such Material Indebtedness or Guarantee or contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing, securing or relating thereto, or any other event occurs, the effect of which default or other event is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Material Indebtedness or the beneficiary or beneficiaries of any Guarantee thereof (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries) to cause, with the giving of notice if required, such Material Indebtedness to be demanded or to become due or to be repurchased, prepaid, defeased or redeemed (automatically or otherwise), or an offer to repurchase, prepay, defease or redeem such Material Indebtedness to be made, prior to its stated maturity, or such Guarantee to become payable or cash collateral in respect thereof to be demanded or (ii) there occurs under any Swap Contract an Early Termination Date (as defined in such Swap Contract) resulting from (A) any event of default under such Swap Contract as to which a Loan Party is the Defaulting Party (as defined in such Swap Contract) or (B) any Termination Event (as so defined) under such Swap Contract as to which a Loan Party is an Affected Party (as so defined) and, in either event, the Swap Termination Value owed by the Loan Party as a result thereof is greater than 20,000,000 15,000,000 or 
 (f) Insolvency Proceedings, Etc. Any Loan Party institutes or consents to the institution of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors or applies for or consents to the appointment of any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer for it or for all or any material part of its property or a proceeding shall be commenced or a petition filed, without the application or consent of such Person, seeking or requesting the appointment of any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer is appointed and the appointment continues undischarged, undismissed or unstayed for 60 calendar days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered or any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law relating to any such Person or to all or any material part of its property is instituted without the consent of such Person and continues undismissed or unstayed for 60 calendar days, or an order for relief is entered in any such proceeding, or any Loan Party shall take any action to institute or effect any of the foregoing, or any Loan Party becomes subject to a Bail-In Action or 
 (g) Inability to Pay Debts Attachment . (i) Any Loan Party becomes unable or admits in writing its inability or fails generally to pay its debts as they become due in the ordinary course of business, or (ii) any writ or warrant of attachment or execution or similar process is issued or levied against all or any material part of the property of any such Person and is not released, vacated or fully bonded within 30 days after its issue or levy or 
 (h) Judgments . There is entered against any Loan Party one or more judgments or orders for the payment of money in an aggregate amount (as to all such judgments and orders) exceeding 15,000,000 (to the extent not covered by independent third-party insurance as to which the insurer is rated at least A by A.M. Best Company, has been notified of the potential claim and does not dispute coverage) and (A) enforcement proceedings are commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or order, or (B) there is a period of 10 consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment or order, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, is not in effect or 
 67 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

(i) ERISA . (i) An ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan which has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in liability of any Loan Party under Title IV of ERISA to the Pension Plan, Multiemployer Plan or the PBGC in an aggregate amount which could reasonably likely result in a Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) a Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate fails to pay when due, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, any installment payment with respect to its withdrawal liability under Section 4201 of ERISA under a Multiemployer Plan in an aggregate amount which could reasonably likely result in a Material Adverse Effect or 
 (j) Invalidity of Loan Documents . (i) Any material provision of any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or satisfaction in full of all the Obligations, ceases to be in full force and effect or any Loan Party or any other Person contests in any manner the validity or enforceability of any material provision of any Loan Document or any Loan Party denies in writing that it has any or further liability or obligation under any provision of any Loan Document, or purports to revoke, terminate or rescind any provision of any Loan Document or seeks to avoid, limit or otherwise adversely affect any Lien purported to be created under any Security Document or (ii) any Lien purported to be created under any Security Document shall cease to be, or shall be asserted by any Loan Party or any other Person not to be, a valid and perfected Lien on any Collateral, with the priority required by the applicable Security Document, it being understood that the application of Write-Down and Conversion Powers by any EEA Resolution Authority (or the public announcement of the impending application of such powers) with respect to any liabilities of a Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be deemed an Event of Default under this clause or 
 (k) Change of Control . There occurs any Change of Control or 
 (l) Cessation of Business . The Loan Parties, taken as a whole, shall take any action to suspend all or substantially all operations of their Business or liquidate all or a material portion of their assets or Store locations, or employ an agent or other third party to conduct a program of closings, liquidations or Going-Out-Of-Business sales of any material portion of its business . or 
 (m) Acceleration of Trade Terms. The stated payment terms under the VitalSource Supply Contract are accelerated (i.e., shortened) from the payment terms in effect as of the Third Amendment Effective Date. 
 Remedies Upon Event of Default . If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Administrative Agent may, or, at the request of the Required Lenders shall, take any or all of the following actions 
 (n) reserved 
 (o) declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Loan Parties 
 (p) reserved and 
 (q) whether or not the maturity of any of the Secured Obligations shall have been accelerated pursuant hereto, subject to the terms and conditions of the Intercreditor Agreement, proceed to protect, enforce and exercise all rights and remedies of the Credit Parties under this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or applicable Law, including, but not limited to, by suit in equity, action at law or other appropriate proceeding, whether for the specific performance of any covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any instrument pursuant to which the Secured Obligations are evidenced, and, if such amount shall have become due, by declaration or otherwise, proceed to enforce the payment thereof or any other legal or equitable right of the Credit Parties 
 68 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

provided , however , that upon the occurrence of any Event of Default under Section 8.01(f) or Section 8.1(g) , the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and payable, without further act of the Administrative Agent or any Lender. 
 No remedy herein is intended to be exclusive of any other remedy and each and every remedy shall be cumulative and shall be in addition to every other remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or by statute or any other provision of Law. 
 Application of Funds . After the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 8.02 (or after the Loans have automatically become immediately due and payable as set forth in the proviso to Section 8.02 ), any amounts received on account of the Secured Obligations shall be applied by the Administrative Agent in the following order 
 First , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, Credit Party Expenses and other amounts (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent and amounts payable under Article III payable to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, each in its capacity as such 
 Second , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting indemnities, Credit Party Expenses, and other amounts (other than principal, interest and fees) payable to the Lenders (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the respective Lenders and amounts payable under Article III ), ratably among them in proportion to the amounts described in this clause Second payable to them 
 Third , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans and other Obligations, and fees (in each case, as payable to the Lenders), ratably among the Lenders in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Third payable to them 
 Fourth , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans, ratably among the Lenders in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Fourth held by them 
 Fifth , to payment of all other Obligations, ratably among the Credit Parties in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Fifth held by them and 
 Last , the balance, if any, after all of the Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full, to the Loan Parties or as otherwise required by Law. 
 ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 Appointment and Authority . . 
 (r) Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints TopLids LendCo, LLC to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and no Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof shall have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions. 
 (s) Each of the Lenders (in its capacities as a Lender) hereby irrevocably appoints TopLids LendCo, LLC as Collateral Agent and authorizes the Collateral Agent to act as the agent of such Lender for purposes of acquiring, holding and enforcing any and all Liens on Collateral granted by any of the Loan Parties to secure any of the Secured Obligations, together with such powers and discretion as are 
 69 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

reasonably incidental thereto. In this connection, the Collateral Agent, as collateral agent and any co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact appointed by the Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 9.05 for purposes of holding or enforcing any Lien on the Collateral (or any portion thereof) granted under the Security Documents, or for exercising any rights and remedies thereunder at the direction of the Collateral Agent), shall be entitled to the benefits of all provisions of this Article IX and Article X (including Section 10.04(c)) , as though such co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact were the collateral agent under the Loan Documents, as if set forth in full herein with respect thereto. 
 (t) reserved . 
 (u) It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties. 
 Rights as a Lender . The Persons serving as the Agents hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in their capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though they were not the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with the Loan Parties or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders. 
 Exculpatory Provisions . The Agents shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, and their duties hereunder shall be administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Agents 
 (v) shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing 
 (w) shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents), provided , that no Agent shall be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose such Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable Law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law and 
 shall not have any duty or responsibility to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, to any Lender, any credit or other information concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of any of the Loan Parties or any of their Affiliates, that is communicated to, obtained or in the possession of, the Administrative Agent or any of their Related Parties in any capacity, except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished to the Lenders by the Administrative Agent herein. 
 No Agent shall be liable for any action taken or not taken by it (i) with the Consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as such Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Section 10.01 and Section 8.02 or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a final and non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. 
 The Agents shall not be deemed to have knowledge of any Default unless and until notice describing such Default is given to such Agent by the Loan Parties or a Lender. In the event that the 
 70 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

Agents obtain such actual knowledge or receive such a notice, the Agents shall give prompt notice thereof to each of the other Credit Parties. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Agents shall take such action with respect to such Event of Default as shall be reasonably directed by the Required Lenders. Unless and until the Agents shall have received such direction, the Agents may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action, or refrain from taking such action, with respect to any such Event of Default as they, or either of them, shall deem advisable in the best interest of the Credit Parties. In no event shall the Agents be required to comply with any such directions to the extent that any Agent believes that its compliance with such directions would be unlawful. 
 The Agents shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or the creation, perfection or priority of any Lien purported to be created by the Security Documents, (v) the value or the sufficiency of any Collateral, or (vi) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Agents. 
 Reliance by Agents . Each Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including, but not limited to, any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. Each Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received written notice to the contrary from such Lender prior to the making of such Loan. Each Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for any Loan Party), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 
 Delegation of Duties . Each Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by such Agent. Each Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Agents and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as such Agent. No Agent shall be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and non-appealable judgment that such Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct or breach in bad faith in the selection of such sub-agents. 
 Resignation of Agents . Either Agent may at any time give written notice of its resignation to the Lenders and the Borrower. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States, and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, shall be reasonably acceptable to the Borrower. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Agent gives notice of its resignation (or such earlier day as shall be agreed to by the Required Lenders) (the Resignation Effective Date ), then the retiring Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) on behalf of the Lenders (and so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, with the written consent of the Borrower, not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) appoint a successor Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, meeting the qualifications set forth above provided , that whether or not a successor has been appointed, such resignation shall become effective in accordance with such notice on the Resignation Effective Date. If no such successor shall have been so 
 71 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the Removal Effective Date ), then such removal shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice on the Removal Effective Date. With effect from the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date (as applicable) (1) the retiring Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (except that in the case of any Collateral held by the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Lenders under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring Collateral Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Collateral Agent is appointed) and (2) except for any indemnity payments or other amounts then owed to the retiring or removed Agent, all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender directly, until such time as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above in this Section 9.06 . Upon the acceptance of a successor s appointment as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or removed) Agent (other than as provided in Section 3.01(h) and other than any rights to indemnity payments or other amounts owed to the retiring or removed Agent as of the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date, as applicable), and the retiring (or removed) Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section 9.06 ). The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the retiring (or removed) Agent s resignation hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article IX and Section 10.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring (or removed) Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring Agent was acting as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent hereunder. 
 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders . Each Lender expressly acknowledges that neither the Administrative Agent nor the Collateral Agent has made any representation or warranty to it, and that no act by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent hereafter taken, including any consent to, and acceptance of any assignment or review of the affairs of any Loan Party of any Affiliate thereof, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent to any Lender as to any matter, including whether the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent have disclosed material information in their (or their Related Parties possession. Each Lender represents to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis of, appraisal of, and investigation into, the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, and all applicable bank or other regulatory Laws relating to the transactions contemplated hereby, and made its own decision to enter into this Agreement and to extend credit to the Borrower hereunder. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder, and to make such investigations as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties. Each Lender represents and warrants that (i) the Loan Documents set forth the terms of a commercial lending facility and (ii) it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans in the ordinary course and is entering into this Agreement as a Lender for the purpose of making, acquiring or holding commercial loans and providing other facilities set forth herein as may be applicable to such Lender, and not for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring or holding any other type of financial instrument, and each Lender agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of the foregoing. Each Lender represents and warrants that it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to make, acquire and or hold commercial loans and to provide other facilities set forth herein, as may be applicable to such Lender, and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to make, acquire and or hold such commercial loans or to provide such other facilities, is experienced in making, acquiring or holding such commercial loans or providing such other facilities. 
 72 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

Intentionally Omitted . . 
 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim . In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Loan Parties) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise 
 (x) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the other Credit Parties (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, such Credit Parties and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and such Credit Parties under Section 10.04 allowed in such judicial proceeding and 
 (y) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same 
 and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, if the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Section 10.04 . 
 Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Secured Obligations or the rights of any Lender or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender in any such proceeding. 
 Collateral and Guaranty Matters . Without limiting the provisions of Section 9.09 , the Credit Parties irrevocably authorize the Agents, 
 (z) to release any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Collateral Agent under any Loan Document (i) upon all Secured Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations for which no claim has been asserted) becoming Fully Satisfied, (ii) that is sold or to be sold as part of or in connection with any sale permitted hereunder or under any other Loan Document, (iii) with respect to any Lien upon any Excluded Asset, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Intercreditor Agreement, any other intercreditor agreement and Security Documents applicable thereto, (iv) with respect to any Liens on property constituting less than all or substantially all of the Collateral, if approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Required Lenders or (v) in connection with any release effected pursuant to Section 9.10(c) or Section 11.12 to the extent such Lien was granted by the Loan Party being released 
 (aa) to subordinate any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Collateral Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any Lien on such property that is permitted by clause (j) of Section 7.01 and 
 (bb) subject to the limitations set forth in Section 11.12 , as applicable, to release or confirm the release of any Loan Party from its obligations hereunder, under the Facility Guaranty, and each other applicable Loan Document if such Person ceases to be a Subsidiary or becomes an Immaterial Subsidiary as a result of a transaction permitted hereunder. 
 Upon request by any Agent at any time, the applicable Lenders will confirm in writing such Agent s authority to release or subordinate its interest in particular types or items of property, or to release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Facility Guaranty and each other applicable Loan Document 
 73 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

pursuant to this Section 9.10 . In each case as specified in this Section 9.10 , the Agents will, at the Loan Parties expense, execute and deliver to the applicable Loan Party such documents as such Loan Party may reasonably request to evidence the release of such item of Collateral from the assignment and security interest granted under the Security Documents or to subordinate its interest in such item, or to release such Guarantor from its obligations under the Facility Guaranty and each other applicable Loan Document, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents and this Section 9.10. 
 No Agent shall be responsible for or have a duty to ascertain or inquire into any representation or warranty regarding the existence, value or collectability of the Collateral, the existence, priority or perfection of the Collateral Agent s Lien thereon, or any certificate prepared by any Loan Party in connection therewith, nor shall any Agent be responsible or liable to the Lenders for any failure to monitor or maintain any portion of the Collateral. 
 Notice of Transfer . The Agents may deem and treat a Lender party to this Agreement as the owner of such Lender s portion of the Secured Obligations for all purposes, unless and until, and except to the extent, an Assignment and Assumption shall have become effective as set forth in Section 10.06 . 
 Reports and Financial Statements . By signing this Agreement, each Lender 
 (cc) reserved 
 (dd) is deemed to have requested that the Administrative Agent furnish such Lender, promptly after they become available, copies of all financial statements required to be delivered by the Borrower hereunder 
 (ee) expressly agrees and acknowledges that the Administrative Agent makes no representation or warranty as to the accuracy of the financial statements, and shall not be liable for any information contained in any financial statement 
 (ff) reserved and 
 (gg) agrees to keep all financial statements confidential in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.07 hereof. 
 Agency for Perfection . Each Lender hereby appoints each other Lender as agent for the purpose of perfecting Liens for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders, in assets which, in accordance with Article 9 of the UCC or any other applicable Law of the United States can be perfected only by possession. Should any Lender (other than the Agents) obtain possession of any such Collateral, such Lender shall notify the Agents thereof, and, promptly upon the Collateral Agent s request therefor shall deliver such Collateral to the Collateral Agent or otherwise deal with such Collateral in accordance with the Collateral Agent s instructions. 
 Indemnification of Agents . The Lenders shall indemnify the Agents (and any sub-agent thereof), and each Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the Agents (or any sub-agent thereof) (each such Person being called an Agent Indemnitee (to the extent not reimbursed by the Loan Parties and without limiting the obligations of the Loan Parties hereunder), ratably according to their Applicable Percentages, against, and hold each Agent Indemnitee harmless (on an after tax basis) from, any and all losses, claims, causes of action, damages, liabilities, settlement payments, costs, and related expenses (including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Agent Indemnitee), incurred by any Agent Indemnitee or asserted against any Agent Indemnitee by any third party or by any Lender, the Borrower or any other Loan Party arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (ii) any Loan or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom, (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, (iv) any claims of, or amounts 
 74 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

paid by any Credit Party to, a Blocked Account Bank or securities intermediary or other Person which has entered into a control agreement with any Credit Party hereunder, or (v) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by any Lender, Borrower or any other Loan Party or any of the Loan Parties directors, shareholders or creditors, and regardless of whether any Agent Indemnitee is a party thereto, in all cases, whether or not caused by or arising, in whole or in part, out of the comparative, contributory or sole negligence of the Agent Indemnitee provided , that such indemnity shall not, as to any Agent Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of such Agent Indemnitee. The obligations of the Lenders under this Section 9.14 are subject to the provisions of Section 2.12(d) . 
 Relation among Lenders . The Lenders are not partners or co-venturers, and no Lender shall be liable for the acts or omissions of, or (except as otherwise set forth herein in case of the Agents) authorized to act for, any other Lender. 
 Intentionally Omitted . 
 Certain ERISA Matters . . 
 (hh) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true 
 (i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments or this Agreement, 
 ARTICLE VI 
 (ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, 
 ARTICLE VII 
 (iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 
 ARTICLE VIIII 
 (iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 
 ARTICLE IX 
 (a) In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further 
 75 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

(x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that the Administrative Agent is not a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). 
 MISCELLANEOUS 
 Amendments, Etc. No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and no Consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Required Lenders (or the Administrative Agent, with the Consent of the Required Lenders), and the Borrower or the applicable Loan Party, as the case may be, and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent, and each such waiver or Consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given provided , however , that no such amendment, waiver or consent shall 
 (b) waive any condition set forth in Section 4.01 without the written Consent of each Lender 
 (c) reserved 
 (d) postpone any date fixed by this Agreement or any other Loan Document for any payment or mandatory prepayment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts due to the Lenders (or any of them) hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents without the written Consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby 
 (e) reduce the principal of, or the rate of interest specified herein on, any Loan, or (subject to clause (iv) of the second proviso to this Section 10.01 any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document, without the written Consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby provided , however , that only the Consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary to amend the definition of Default Rate or to waive any obligation of the Borrower to pay interest in respect of Loans at the Default Rate 
 (f) change Section 2.05(a) Section 2.05(b) , Section 2.05(c) , Section 2.13 or Section 8.03 in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing or order of application of payments required thereby without the written Consent of each Lender 
 (g) change any provision of this Section 10.01 or the definition of Required Lenders , or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to amend, waive or otherwise modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the written Consent of each Lender that is included in such definition or subject to such provision 
 (h) release all or substantially all of the Guarantors from their respective obligations under the Facility Guaranty (except as otherwise permitted herein or in the other Loan Documents as in effect on the First Amendment Effective Date), without the written Consent of each Lender 
 (i) except for Permitted Dispositions and as otherwise expressly permitted in Section 9.10 as in effect on the First Amendment Effective Date, release all or substantially all of the Collateral from the Liens of the Security Documents without the written Consent of each Lender 
 (j) reserved 
 76 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

(k) reserved 
 (l) reserved or 
 (m) except as otherwise expressly permitted herein or in any other Loan Document as in effect on the First Amendment Effecitve Effective Date, subordinate, the Obligations hereunder to any other Indebtedness, and, except as otherwise expressly permitted herein or in any other Loan Document, subordinate the Liens granted hereunder or under the other Loan Documents to any other Lien without the written Consent of each Lender 
 and, provided , further , that (i) no amendment, waiver or Consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (ii) no amendment, waiver or Consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Collateral Agent in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Collateral Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Credit Party that is not a Lender or Agent under this Agreement shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or Consent hereunder. 
 If any Lender does not Consent (a Non-Consenting Lender to a proposed amendment, waiver, consent or release with respect to any Loan Document that requires the Consent of each Lender and that has been approved by the Required Lenders, the Borrower may replace such Non-Consenting Lender in accordance with Section 10.13 provided , that such amendment, waiver, consent or release can be effected as a result of the assignment contemplated by such Section (together with all other such assignments required by the Borrower to be made pursuant to this paragraph). 
 Notices Effectiveness Electronic Communications . 
 (n) Notices Generally . Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as provided in subsection (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopier, or electronic communication (subject to clause (b) below) as follows, and all notices and other communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows 
 (i) if to the Loan Parties or the Agents, to the address, telecopier number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified for such Person on Schedule 10.02 and 
 (ii) if to any other Lender, to the address, telecopier number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified in its Administrative Questionnaire (including, as appropriate, notices delivered solely to the Person designated by a Lender on its Administrative Questionnaire then in effect for the delivery of notices that may contain material non-public information relating to the Borrower). 
 Notices and other communications sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received notices and other communications sent by telecopier shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient). Notices and other communications delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in subsection (b) below shall be effective as provided in such subsection (b). 
 (o) Electronic Communications . Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail, FpML messaging, and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent, provided , that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender pursuant to Article II if such Lender has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article II 
 77 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

by electronic communication. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it, provided , that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgment from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgment), provided , that if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient, and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor provided , that for both clauses (i) and (ii), if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice, email or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient. 
 (p) The Platform . THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall the Agents or any of their Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties have any liability to any Loan Party, any Lender or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Loan Parties or the Administrative Agent s transmission of Borrower Materials or notices through the Platform, any other electronic platform or electronic messaging service, or through the Internet, except to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence, willful misconduct or breach in bad faith of such Agent Party provided , however , that in no event shall any Agent Party have any liability to any Loan Party, any Lender or any other Person for indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages). 
 (q) Change of Address, Etc . Each of the Loan Parties and the Agents may change its address, telecopier or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. Each other Lender may change its address, telecopier or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the Borrower and the Agents. In addition, each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent from time to time to ensure that the Administrative Agent has on record (i) an effective address, contact name, telephone number, telecopier number and electronic mail address to which notices and other communications may be sent and (ii) accurate wire instructions for such Lender. Furthermore, each Public Lender agrees to cause at least one individual at or on behalf of such Public Lender to at all times have selected the Private Side Information or similar designation on the content declaration screen of the Platform in order to enable such Public Lender or its delegate, in accordance with such Public Lender s compliance procedures and applicable Law, including United States Federal and state securities Laws, to make reference to Borrower Materials that are not made available through the Public Side Information portion of the Platform and that may contain material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States Federal or state securities laws. 
 (r) Reliance by Agents and Lenders . The Agents and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices purportedly given by or on behalf of the Loan Parties even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. The Loan Parties shall indemnify the Agents, each Lender and the 
 78 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

Related Parties of each of them from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of the Loan Parties, except to the extent resulting from the gross negligence, willful misconduct or breach in bad faith of such Person as determined by a final and nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with the Agents may be recorded by the Agents, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording. 
 No Waiver Cumulative Remedies . No failure by any Credit Party to exercise, and no delay by any such Person in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided herein and in the other Loan Documents are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the authority to enforce rights and remedies hereunder and under the other Loan Documents against the Loan Parties or any of them shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at law in connection with such enforcement shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent in accordance with, as applicable, Section 8.02 , the Security Agreement and the other Loan Documents for the benefit of all the Credit Parties provided , however , that the foregoing shall not prohibit (a) each of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent from exercising on its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (b) any Lender from exercising setoff rights in accordance with Section 10.08 (subject to the terms of Section 2.13 ), or (c) any Lender from filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing pleadings on its own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding relative to any Loan Party under any Debtor Relief Law and provided , further , that if at any time there is no Person acting as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, then (i) the Required Lenders shall have the rights otherwise ascribed to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as the case may be, pursuant to Section 8.02 , the Security Agreement or the other Loan Documents and (ii) in addition to the matters set forth in clauses (b), (c) and (d) of the preceding proviso and subject to Section 2.14 , any Lender may, with the consent of the Required Lenders, enforce any rights and remedies available to it and as authorized by the Required Lenders. 
 Expenses Indemnity Damage Waiver . 
 (s) Costs and Expenses . The Borrower shall pay all Credit Party Expenses. 
 Indemnification by the Loan Parties . The Loan Parties shall indemnify the Agents (and any sub-agent thereof), each other Credit Party, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless (on an after tax basis) from, any and all losses, claims, causes of action, damages, liabilities, settlement payments, costs, and related expenses (including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of one primary counsel to the Administrative Agent, one primary counsel to the other Indemnitees taken as a whole, and if necessary, one local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction, one specialty counsel for each relevant specialty and one or more additional counsel if one or more conflicts of interest, or perceived conflicts of interest, arise (which shall be limited to one counsel for each group of similar affected Indemnitees)) counsel) , incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any third party or by the Borrower or any other Loan Party arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or, in the case of the Agents (and any sub-agents thereof) and their Related Parties only, the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (ii) any Loan or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom, (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, (iv) any claims of, or amounts paid by any Credit 
 79 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

Party to, a Blocked Account Bank or securities intermediary or other Person which has entered into a control agreement with any Credit Party hereunder, or (v) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by the Borrower or any other Loan Party or any of the Loan Parties directors, shareholders or creditors, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto, IN ALL CASES, WHETHER OR NOT CAUSED BY OR ARISING, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, OUT OF THE COMPARATIVE, CONTRIBUTORY OR SOLE NEGLIGENCE OF THE INDEMNITEE provided , that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from either (A) the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or breach in bad faith by such Indemnitee of its obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or (B) a dispute solely among Indemnitees (other than any claims against any Indemnitee in its capacity as the Administrative Agent or any similar role under the Loan Documents) and not arising out of any act or omission of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates. Without limitation of Section 3.01(c), this Section 10.04(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims or damages arising from any non-Tax claim. 
 (t) Reimbursement by Lenders . Without limiting the Lenders obligations under Section 9.14 , hereof, to the extent that the Loan Parties for any reason fail to indefeasibly pay any amount required under subsection (a) or (b) of this Section 10.04 to be paid by it to any Agent (or any sub-agent thereof), or any Related Party of any of the foregoing, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lender s Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount, provided , that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Agents (or any such sub-agent) in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party acting for the Agents (or any such sub-agent) in connection with such capacity. The obligations of the Lenders under this subsection (c) are subject to the provisions of Section 2.12(d) . 
 (u) Waiver of Consequential Damages, Etc. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, the Loan Parties shall not assert, and hereby waive, any claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or the use of the proceeds thereof. No Indemnitee shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed to such unintended recipients by such Indemnitee through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby other than for direct or actual damages resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct or breach in bad faith of such Indemnitee as determined by a final and nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. 
 (v) Payments . All amounts due under this Section 10.04 shall be payable no later than three (3) Business Days after demand therefor. 
 (w) Survival . The agreements in this Section 10.04 shall survive the resignation of any Agent, the assignment of any Loan by any Lender, the replacement of any Lender, and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations. 
 Payments Set Aside . To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Loan Parties is made to any Credit Party, or any Credit Party exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by such Credit Party in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Agents upon demand its pro rata share of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the Agents, plus interest 
 80 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. The obligations of the Lenders under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 
 Successors and Assigns . . 
 (x) Successors and Assigns Generally . The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that no Loan Party may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the prior written Consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an Eligible Assignee in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.06(b) , (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of subsection Section 10.06(d) , or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of Section 10.06(e) (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in subsection (d) of this Section 10.06 and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Credit Parties) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 (y) Assignments by Lenders . Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of the Loans at the time owing to it provided , that any such assignment shall be subject to the following conditions 
 (i) Minimum Amounts . 
 (A) in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Loans at the time owing to it or in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender, no minimum amount need be assigned and 
 (B) in any case not described in subsection (b)(i)(A) of this Section, the principal outstanding balance of the Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment, determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if Trade Date is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date, shall not be less than 1,000,000 unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) provided , however , that the Borrower shall in all events be notified of an assignment (regardless of whether a Default or an Event of Default has occurred). 
 (ii) Proportionate Amounts . Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Loans assigned 
 (iii) Required Consents . No consent to an assignment by a Lender shall be required for any assignment except to the extent required by subsection (b)(i)(B) of this Section and, in addition, the consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required unless (1) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment or (2) such assignment is to a Lender of an Affiliate of a Lender provided , however , that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented if it has not responded within five (5) Business Days following any written request for such consent given pursuant to Section 10.02. . 
 81 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

(iv) Assignment and Assumption . The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of 3,500, provided , however , that the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment. The assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire. 
 (v) No Assignment to Certain Persons . No such assignment shall be made (A) to the Borrower or any of the Borrower s Affiliates or Subsidiaries or (B) to a natural Person (or a holding company investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of a natural Person). 
 Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to subsection (c) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the Eligible Assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Section 3.01 , Section 3.04 , Section 3.05 , and Section 10.04 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment. Upon request, the Borrower (at its expense) shall execute and deliver a Note to the assignee Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this subsection shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with Section 10.06(d) . 
 (z) Register . The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower (and such agency being solely for tax purposes), shall maintain at the Administrative Agent s Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it (or the equivalent thereof in electronic form) and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts (and stated interest) of the Loans owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, absent manifest error, and the Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower and any Lender at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
 (aa) Participations . Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Loan Parties or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural person, or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of a natural person or the Loan Parties or any of the Loan Parties Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and or the Loans owing to it) provided , that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Loan Parties, the Agents and the Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any Participant shall agree in writing to comply with all confidentiality obligations set forth in Section 10.07 as if such Participant was a Lender hereunder. For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender shall be responsible for the indemnity under Section 10.04(c) without regard to the existence of any participation. 
 Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement provided , that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in the first proviso to Section 10.01 that affects such Participant. 
 82 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

The Loan Parties agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 3.01 , Section 3.04 and Section 3.05 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to subsection (b) of this Section (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 3.01(e) shall be delivered to the Lender who sells the participation) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section provided , that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Section 3.06 and Section 10.13 as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 3.01 or Section 3.04 , with respect to any participation, than the Lender from whom it acquired the applicable participation would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrower s request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrower to effectuate the provisions of Section 3.06 with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 10.08 as though it were a Lender provided , that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.13 as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register provided , that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 (bb) Certain Pledges . Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including under its Note, if any) to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank, any central bank or any other funding source provided , that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
 (cc) Electronic Execution of Assignments . The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in any Assignment and Assumption shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, provided , that notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary the Administrative Agent is under no obligation to agree to accept electronic signatures in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by the Administrative Agent pursuant to procedures approved by it. 
 Treatment of Certain Information Confidentiality . Each of the Credit Parties agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates and to its Related Parties (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent required or requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over it (including any Federal Reserve Bank, any central bank or any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by applicable Laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, provided , that if lawful and practicable to do so under the circumstances, the Borrower is given (with reasonable promptness) prior written notice of the request for production of such Information, except for Information 
 83 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

provided to regulators in the ordinary course of bank regulatory oversight, (d) to any other party hereto, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to any Loan Party and its obligations, (g) on a confidential basis to (i) any rating agency in connection with rating the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or the credit facilities provided hereunder or (ii) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of CUSIP numbers or other market identifiers with respect to the credit facilities provided hereunder, (h) with the consent of the Borrower or (i) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (y) becomes available to any Credit Party or any of their respective Affiliates on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Loan Parties. In addition, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement and information about this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry and service providers to the Agents and the Lenders in connection with the administration of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and the Commitments. 
 For purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from the Loan Parties or any Subsidiary thereof relating to the Loan Parties or any Subsidiary thereof or their respective businesses, other than any such information that is available to any Credit Party on a non-confidential basis prior to disclosure by the Loan Parties or any Subsidiary thereof, provided , that in the case of information received from any Loan Party or any Subsidiary after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 
 Each of the Credit Parties acknowledges that (a) the Information may include material non-public information concerning the Loan Parties or a Subsidiary, as the case may be, (b) it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of material non-public information and (c) it will handle such material non-public information in accordance with applicable Law, including Federal and state securities Laws. 
 Right of Setoff . If an Event of Default under clause (a) of Section 8.01 shall have occurred and be continuing or if any Lender shall have been served with a trustee process or similar attachment relating to property of a Loan Party, each Lender and each of its Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, after obtaining the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency, but excluding deposits in Excluded Accounts) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Lender or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower or any other Loan Party (other than obligations under the Merchandising Agreement) against any and all of the Secured Obligations now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Lender, regardless of the adequacy of the Collateral, and irrespective of whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations of the Borrower or such Loan Party may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch or office of such Lender different from the branch or office obligated on such indebtedness. The rights of each Lender and its Affiliates under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender or its Affiliates may have. Each Lender agrees to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application, provided, that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. 
 Interest Rate Limitation . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by applicable Law (the Maximum Rate ). If the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, 
 84 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

refunded to the Borrower. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by the Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder. 
 Counterparts Integration Effectiveness Electronic Signatures . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01 , this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof that, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto. This Agreement, any Loan Document and any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice, certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to any Loan Document (each a Communication ), including Communications required to be in writing, may be in the form of an Electronic Record and may be executed using Electronic Signatures. Each of the Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent and each of the other Credit Parties agrees that any Electronic Signature on or associated with any Communication shall be valid and binding on such Person to the same extent as a manual, original signature, and that any Communication entered into by Electronic Signature, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person enforceable against such in accordance with the terms thereof to the same extent as if a manually executed original signature was delivered. Any Communication may be executed in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both paper and electronic counterparts, but all such counterparts are one and the same Communication. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format), or an electronically signed Communication converted into another format, for transmission, delivery and or retention. The Administrative Agent and each of the other Credit Parties may, at its option, create one or more copies of any Communication in the form of an imaged Electronic Record Electronic Copy ), which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of the such Person s business, and destroy the original paper document. All Communications in the form of an Electronic Record, including an Electronic Copy, shall be considered an original for all purposes, and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, no Agent is under any obligation to accept an Electronic Signature in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by such Person pursuant to procedures approved by it provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (a) to the extent any Agent has agreed to accept such Electronic Signature, the Agents and each of the Lenders shall be entitled to rely on any such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of any Loan Party and or Credit Party without further verification and (b) upon the request of any Agent or any Lender, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by such manually executed (wet ink signature) counterpart. For purposes hereof, Electronic Record and Electronic Signature shall have the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by 15 USC 7006, as it may be amended from time to time. 
 No Agent shall be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into the sufficiency, validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Agents reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed .pdf or any other electronic means). The Agents shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by acting upon, any Communication (which writing may be a fax, any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution or signed using an Electronic Signature) or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise authenticated (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set forth in the Loan Documents for being the maker thereof). 
 Each of the Loan Parties and each Credit Party hereby waives (i) any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement and or any other Loan Document 
 85 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement and or such other Loan Document, and (ii) waives any claim against each Agent, each Credit Party and each Related Party for any liabilities arising solely from any Agent s and or any Credit Party s reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures, including any liabilities arising as a result of the failure of the Loan Parties to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature. 
 
 Survival . All representations and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof. Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by the Credit Parties, regardless of any investigation made by any Credit Party or on their behalf and notwithstanding that any Credit Party may have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of the making of the Loans, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Loan or any other Secured Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding. Further, the provisions of Section 3.01 , Section 3.04 , Section 3.05 and Section 10.04 and Article IX shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the repayment of the Obligations, the expiration or termination of the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof. In connection with the termination of this Agreement and the release and termination of the security interests in the Collateral, the Agents may require such indemnities and collateral security as they shall reasonably deem necessary or appropriate to protect the Credit Parties against (x) loss on account of credits previously applied to the Obligations that may subsequently be reversed or revoked, and (y) any obligations that may thereafter arise with respect to or under Section 10.04 hereof. 
 Severability . If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 Replacement of Lenders . If the Borrower is entitled to replace a Lender pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.06 , or if any Lender is a Non-Consenting Lender, or if any other circumstance exists hereunder that expressly gives the Borrower the right to replace a Lender as a party hereto, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 10.06 ), all of its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Section 3.01 and Section 3.04 and obligations under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment), provided , that 
 (dd) the Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the assignment fee specified in Section 10.06(b) 
 (ee) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including any amounts under Section 3.05 from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts)) 
 (ff) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 3.04 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 3.01 , such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter 
 (gg) such assignment does not conflict with applicable Laws and 
 (hh) in the case of an assignment resulting from a Lender becoming a Non-Consenting Lender, the applicable assignee shall have consented to the applicable amendment, waiver or consent. 
 86 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 
 Governing Law Jurisdiction Etc. 
 (ii) GOVERNING LAW . THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (EXCEPT FOR THE CONFLICT OF LAWS RULES THEREOF, BUT INCLUDING GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402). 
 (jj) SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION . EACH LOAN PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY, TO THE NONEXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, OR FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT, AND EACH LOAN PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH LOAN PARTY AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT ANY CREDIT PARTY MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST ANY LOAN PARTY OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION. 
 (kk) WAIVER OF VENUE . EACH LOAN PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN SECTION 10.14(b) . EACH LOAN PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT. 
 (ll) SERVICE OF PROCESS . EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN SECTION 10.02 . NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. 
 (mm) ACTIONS COMMENCED BY LOAN PARTIES . EACH LOAN PARTY AGREES THAT ANY ACTION COMMENCED BY ANY LOAN PARTY ASSERTING ANY CLAIM OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL BE BROUGHT SOLELY IN A COURT OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY OR THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK AS THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT MAY ELECT IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION AND CONSENTS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUCH ACTION. 
 Waiver of Jury Trial . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON 
 87 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 10.15 . 
 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility . In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby, the Loan Parties each acknowledge and agree that (i) the credit facility provided for hereunder and any related arranging or other services in connection therewith (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document) are an arm s-length commercial transaction between the Loan Parties, on the one hand, and the Credit Parties, on the other hand, and each of the Loan Parties is capable of evaluating and understanding and understands and accepts the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents (including any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or thereof) (ii) in connection with the process leading to such transaction, except as otherwise agreed by the Borrower and any Credit Party in writing, each Credit Party is and has been acting solely as a principal and is not the financial advisor, agent or fiduciary, for the Loan Parties or any of their respective Affiliates, stockholders, creditors or employees or any other Person (iii) unless otherwise agreed by the Borrower and any Credit Party in writing, none of the Credit Parties has assumed or will assume an advisory responsibility in favor of the Loan Parties with respect to any of the transactions contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto, including with respect to any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document (irrespective of whether any of the Credit Parties has advised or is currently advising any Loan Party or any of its Affiliates on other matters) and none of the Credit Parties has any obligation to any Loan Party or any of its Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents (iv) no Credit Party has assumed or will assume an agency responsibility (except as may otherwise be agreed in writing by the Borrower and any Credit Party) or fiduciary responsibility in any Loan Party s or its Affiliates favor with respect to any of the transactions contemplated hereby (including with respect to any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document) or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether any Credit Party has advised or is currently advising you or your affiliates on other matters) (v) the Credit Parties and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates, and none of the Credit Parties has any obligation to disclose any of such interests by virtue of any advisory, agency or fiduciary relationship and (vi) the Credit Parties have not provided and will not provide any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to any of the transactions contemplated hereby (including any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document) and each of the Loan Parties has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate. Each of the Loan Parties hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that it may have against each of the Credit Parties with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency (except for any agency responsibilities otherwise agreed by the Borrower and any Credit Party in writing) or fiduciary duty. 
 USA PATRIOT Act Notice . Each Lender that is subject to the Patriot Act and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the Loan Parties that pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of each Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify each Loan Party in accordance with the Patriot Act. Each Loan Party shall, promptly following a request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, provide all documentation and other information that the Administrative Agent or such Lender reasonably requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Act. 
 Foreign Assets Control Regulations . Neither of the advance of the Loans nor the use of the proceeds of any thereof will violate the Trading With the Enemy Act (50 U.S.C. 1 et seq., as amended) (the Trading With the Enemy Act or any of the foreign assets control regulations of the United States 
 88 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

Treasury Department (31 CFR, Subtitle B, Chapter V, as amended) (the Foreign Assets Control Regulations or any enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto (which for the avoidance of doubt shall include, but shall not be limited to (a) Executive Order 13224 of September 21, 2001 Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions With Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism (66 Fed. Reg. 49079 (2001)) (the Executive Order and (b) the Patriot Act. Furthermore, none of the Borrower or its Affiliates (a) is or will become a blocked person as described in the Executive Order, the Trading With the Enemy Act or the Foreign Assets Control Regulations or (b) engages or will engage in any dealings or transactions, or be otherwise associated, with any such blocked person or in any manner violative of any such order. 
 Time of the Essence . Time is of the essence of the Loan Documents. 
 Press Releases . Subject to prior notification and consent by the Borrower (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld) to the form of advertising materials to be used from time to time, the Administrative Agent and any Lender shall be permitted to use a Loan Party s name, product photographs, logo or trademark in any advertising material relating to the financing transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Administrative Agent or such Lender shall provide a draft of any advertising material to the Borrower for review and comment reasonably prior to the initial publication thereof. The Administrative Agent reserves the right to provide to industry trade organizations information necessary and customary for inclusion in league table measurements. 
 Additional Waivers Keepwell . . 
 (a) The Secured Obligations are the joint and several obligation of each Loan Party. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, the Secured Obligations of each Loan Party shall not be affected by (i) the failure of any Credit Party to assert any claim or demand or to enforce or exercise any right or remedy against any other Loan Party under the provisions of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or otherwise, (ii) any rescission, waiver, amendment or modification of, or any release from any of the terms or provisions of, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or (iii) the failure to perfect any security interest in, or the release of, any of the Collateral or other security held by or on behalf of the Collateral Agent or any other Credit Party. 
 (b) The obligations of each Loan Party shall not be subject to any reduction, limitation, impairment or termination for any reason (other than the indefeasible payment in full in cash of the Secured Obligations after the termination of the Commitments), including any claim of waiver, release, surrender, alteration or compromise of any of the Secured Obligations, and shall not be subject to any defense or setoff, counterclaim, recoupment or termination whatsoever by reason of the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of any of the Secured Obligations or otherwise. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the obligations of each Loan Party hereunder shall not be discharged or impaired or otherwise affected by the failure of any Agent or any other Credit Party to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any remedy under this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, by any waiver or modification of any provision of any thereof, any default, failure or delay, willful or otherwise, in the performance of any of the Secured Obligations, or by any other act or omission that may or might in any manner or to any extent vary the risk of any Loan Party or that would otherwise operate as a discharge of any Loan Party as a matter of law or equity (other than the indefeasible payment in full in cash of all the Secured Obligations after the termination of the Commitments). 
 (c) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, each Loan Party waives any defense based on or arising out of any defense of any other Loan Party or the unenforceability of the Secured Obligations or any part thereof from any cause, or the cessation from any cause of the liability of any other Loan Party, other than the indefeasible payment in full in cash of all the Secured Obligations and the termination of the Commitments. The Collateral Agent and the other Credit Parties may, at their election, foreclose on any security held by one or more of them by one or more judicial or non-judicial sales, accept an assignment of any such security in lieu of foreclosure, compromise or adjust any part of the Secured Obligations, make any other accommodation with any other Loan Party, or exercise any other right or remedy available to them against any other Loan Party, without affecting or impairing in any way the liability of any Loan Party hereunder except to the extent that all the Secured Obligations have been 
 89 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

indefeasibly paid in full in cash and the Commitments have been terminated. Each Loan Party waives any defense arising out of any such election even though such election operates, pursuant to applicable Law, to impair or to extinguish any right of reimbursement or subrogation or other right or remedy of such Loan Party against any other Loan Party, as the case may be, or any security. 
 (d) Upon payment by any Loan Party of any Secured Obligations, all rights of such Loan Party against any other Loan Party arising as a result thereof by way of right of subrogation, contribution, reimbursement, indemnity or otherwise shall in all respects be subordinate and junior in right of payment to the prior indefeasible payment in full in cash of all the Secured Obligations and the termination of the Commitments. In addition, any indebtedness of any Loan Party now or hereafter held by any other Loan Party is hereby subordinated in right of payment to the prior indefeasible payment in full of the Secured Obligations and no Loan Party will demand, sue for or otherwise attempt to collect any such indebtedness. If any amount shall erroneously be paid to any Loan Party on account of (i) such subrogation, contribution, reimbursement, indemnity or similar right or (ii) any such indebtedness of any Loan Party, such amount shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Credit Parties and shall forthwith be paid to the Administrative Agent to be credited against the payment of the Secured Obligations, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 (e) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, or of any other waiver or other provision set forth in this Agreement, each Loan Party hereby absolutely, knowingly, unconditionally, and expressly waives any and all claim, defense or benefit arising directly or indirectly under any one or more of Sections 2787 to 2855 inclusive of the California Civil Code or any similar law of California. 
 (f) Each Loan Party that is a Qualified ECP Guarantor at the time the Guarantee or the grant of the security interest under the Loan Documents, in each case, by any Specified Loan Party, becomes effective with respect to any Swap Obligation, hereby jointly and severally, absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes to provide such funds or other support to each Specified Loan Party with respect to such Swap Obligation as may be needed by such Specified Loan Party from time to time to honor all of its obligations under its Guarantee and the other Loan Documents in respect of such Swap Obligation (but, in each case, only up to the maximum amount of such liability that can be hereby incurred without rendering such Qualified ECP Guarantor s obligations and undertakings under this Section 10.21(f) voidable under applicable law relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer, and not for any greater amount). The obligations and undertakings of each Qualified ECP Guarantor under this Section shall remain in full force and effect until the Obligations have been indefeasibly paid and performed in full. Each Qualified ECP Guarantor intends this Section to constitute, and this Section shall be deemed to constitute, a guarantee of the obligations of, and a keepwell, support, or other agreement for the benefit of, each Specified Loan Party for all purposes of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 Qualified ECP Guarantor shall mean, at any time, each Loan Party with total assets exceeding 10,000,000 or that qualifies at such time as an eligible contract participant under the Commodity Exchange Act and can cause another person to qualify as an eligible contract participant at such time under 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 Specified Loan Party means any Loan Party that is not an eligible contract participant under the Commodity Exchange Act (determined prior to giving effect to Section 10.21(f) . 
 No Strict Construction . The parties hereto have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. In the event an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties hereto and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any provisions of this Agreement. 
 Attachments . The exhibits, schedules and annexes attached to this Agreement are incorporated herein and shall be considered a part of this Agreement for the purposes stated herein, except that in the event of any conflict between any of the provisions of such exhibits and the provisions of this Agreement, the provisions of this Agreement shall prevail. 
 90 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

Copies and Facsimiles . This Agreement and all other documents (including, without limitation, the Loan Documents) which have been or may be hereinafter furnished by any Loan Party to any Agent or any Lender may be reproduced by such Agent or such Lender by any photographic, microfilm, xerographic, digital imaging, or other process. Any such reproduction shall be admissible in evidence as the original itself in any judicial or administrative proceeding (whether or not the original is in existence and whether or not such reproduction was made in the regular course of business). Any facsimile which bears proof of transmission shall be binding on the party which or on whose behalf such transmission was initiated and likewise so admissible in evidence as if the original of such facsimile had been delivered to the party which or on whose behalf such transmission was received. 
 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions . Solely to the extent any Lender that is an EEA Financial Institution is a party to this Agreement and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Lender that is an EEA Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of an EEA Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by 
 (b) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an EEA Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any Lender that is an EEA Financial Institution and 
 (c) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable 
 (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability 
 (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such EEA Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or 
 (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of any EEA Resolution Authority. 
 Intercreditor Agreement . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Liens and other security interests granted to the Collateral Agent pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement, the terms of any Security Document, and the exercise of any right or remedy by the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent hereunder or thereunder are subject to the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement. In the event of any conflict between the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement and this Agreement, the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement shall control. 
 GUARANTY 
 Guaranty . Each Guarantor hereby agrees that it is jointly and severally liable for, and, as primary obligor and not merely as surety, and absolutely and unconditionally guarantees to the Lenders the prompt payment when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, and at all times thereafter, of the Secured Obligations (collectively the Guaranteed Obligations ). Each Guarantor further agrees that the Guaranteed Obligations may be extended or renewed in whole or in part without notice to or further assent from it, and that it remains bound upon its guarantee notwithstanding any such extension or renewal. 
 Guaranty of Payment . This Facility Guaranty is a guaranty of payment and not of collection. Each Guarantor waives any right to require any Agent or any Lender to sue the Borrower, any Guarantor, any other guarantor, or any other Person obligated for all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations (each, an Obligated Party ), or otherwise to enforce its payment against any collateral securing all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations. 
 91 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

9.03 No Discharge or Diminishment of Facility Guaranty . 
 (a) Except as otherwise provided for herein, the obligations of each Guarantor hereunder are unconditional and absolute and not subject to any reduction, limitation, impairment or termination for any reason (other than the Guaranteed Obligations being Fully Satisfied), including (i) any claim of waiver, release, extension, renewal, settlement, surrender, alteration, or compromise of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, by operation of law or otherwise (ii) any change in the corporate existence, structure or ownership of the Borrower or any other guarantor of or other Person liable for any of the Guaranteed Obligations (iii) any insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization or other similar proceeding affecting any Obligated Party, or their assets or any resulting release or discharge of any obligation of any Obligated Party or (iv) the existence of any claim, setoff or other rights which any Guarantor may have at any time against any Obligated Party, any Agent, any Lender, or any other Person, whether in connection herewith or in any unrelated transactions. 
 (b) The obligations of each Guarantor hereunder are not subject to any defense or setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, or termination whatsoever by reason of the invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or otherwise, or any provision of applicable law or Regulation purporting to prohibit payment by any Obligated Party, of the Guaranteed Obligations or any part thereof. 
 Further, the obligations of any Guarantor hereunder are not discharged or impaired or otherwise affected by (i) the failure of any Agent or any Lender to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any remedy with respect to all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations (ii) any waiver or modification of or supplement to any provision of any agreement relating to the Guaranteed Obligations (iii) any release, non-perfection, or invalidity of any indirect or direct security for the obligations of the Borrower for all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations or any obligations of any other guarantor of or other Person liable for any of the Guaranteed Obligations (iv) any action or failure to act by any Agent or any Lender with respect to any collateral securing any part of the Guaranteed Obligations or (v) any default, failure or delay, willful or otherwise, in the payment or performance of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, or any other circumstance, act, omission or delay that might in any manner or to any extent vary the risk of such Guarantor or that would otherwise operate as a discharge of any Guarantor as a matter of law or equity (other than the Secured Obligations being Fully Satisfied). 
 Defenses Waived . To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each Guarantor hereby waives any defense based on or arising out of any defense of the Borrower or any Guarantor or the unenforceability of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations from any cause, or the cessation from any cause of the liability of the Borrower or any Guarantor, other than the Guaranteed Obligations being Fully Satisfied. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Guarantor irrevocably waives acceptance hereof, presentment, demand, protest and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any notice not provided for herein, as well as any requirement that at any time any action be taken by any Person against any Obligated Party, or any other Person. The Agent may, at its election, foreclose on any Collateral held by it by one or more judicial or nonjudicial sales, accept an assignment of any such Collateral in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise act or fail to act with respect to any collateral securing all or a part of the Guaranteed Obligations, compromise or adjust any part of the Guaranteed Obligations, make any other accommodation with any Obligated Party or exercise any other right or remedy available to it against any Obligated Party, without affecting or impairing in any way the liability of such Guarantor under this Facility Guaranty except to the extent the Guaranteed Obligations have been fully and indefeasibly paid in cash. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each Guarantor waives any defense arising out of any such election even though that election may operate, pursuant to applicable law, to impair or extinguish any right of reimbursement or subrogation or other right or remedy of any Guarantor against any Obligated Party or any security. 
 Rights of Subrogation . No Guarantor will assert any right, claim or cause of action, including, without limitation, a claim of subrogation, contribution or indemnification that it has against any Obligated Party, or any collateral, until the Loan Parties and the Guarantors have fully performed all their obligations to the Agents and the Lenders. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this 
 92 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

Facility Guaranty or any other Loan Document, no Guarantor may exercise any rights of subrogation, contribution, indemnity, reimbursement or other similar rights against, and may not proceed to seek recourse against or with respect to any property or asset of, any other Guarantor (any such Guarantor, a Foreclosed Guarantor or any Subsidiary of any Foreclosed Guarantor, including after the Termination Date, if all or any portion of the Guaranteed Obligations have been satisfied in connection with an exercise of remedies in respect of the Equity Interests of any such Foreclosed Guarantor which Equity Interests constitute Collateral, whether pursuant to the Loan Documents or otherwise. 
 Reinstatement Stay of Acceleration . If at any time any payment of any portion of the Guaranteed Obligations is rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, or reorganization of the Borrower or otherwise, each Guarantor s obligations under this Facility Guaranty with respect to that payment shall be reinstated at such time as though the payment had not been made. If acceleration of the time for payment of any of the Guaranteed Obligations is stayed upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of the Borrower, all such amounts otherwise subject to acceleration under the terms of any agreement relating to the Guaranteed Obligations shall nonetheless be payable by the Guarantors forthwith on demand by the Lender. 
 Information . Each Guarantor assumes all responsibility for being and keeping itself informed of each Borrower s financial condition and assets, and of all other circumstances bearing upon the risk of nonpayment of the Guaranteed Obligations and the nature, scope and extent of the risks that each Guarantor assumes and incurs under this Facility Guaranty, and agrees that none of the Agents or any Lender shall have any duty to advise any Guarantor of information known to it regarding those circumstances or risks. 
 Intentionally Omitted. 
 Maximum Liability . The provisions of this Facility Guaranty are severable, and in any action or proceeding involving any state corporate law, or any state, Federal or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other law affecting the rights of creditors generally, if the obligations of any Guarantor under this Facility Guaranty would otherwise be held or determined to be avoidable, invalid or unenforceable on account of the amount of such Guarantor s liability under this Facility Guaranty, then, notwithstanding any other provision of this Facility Guaranty to the contrary, the amount of such liability shall, without any further action by the Guarantors or the Lenders, be automatically limited and reduced to the highest amount that is valid and enforceable as determined in such action or proceeding (such highest amount determined hereunder being the relevant Guarantor s Maximum Liability ). This Section 11.09 with respect to the Maximum Liability of each Guarantor is intended solely to preserve the rights of the Lenders to the maximum extent not subject to avoidance under applicable law, and no Guarantor nor any other Person or entity shall have any right or claim under this Section with respect to such Maximum Liability, except to the extent necessary so that the obligations of any Guarantor hereunder shall not be rendered voidable under applicable law. Each Guarantor agrees that the Guaranteed Obligations may at any time and from time to time exceed the Maximum Liability of each Guarantor without impairing this Facility Guaranty or affecting the rights and remedies of the Lenders hereunder, provided , that nothing in this sentence shall be construed to increase any Guarantor s obligations hereunder beyond its Maximum Liability. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing contained in this Agreement (including any provisions of this Article XI to the contrary) shall limit the liability of the Borrower in respect of all of the Secured Obligations. 
 Contribution . In the event any Guarantor (a Paying Guarantor shall make any payment or payments under this Facility Guaranty or shall suffer any loss as a result of any realization upon any collateral granted by it to secure its obligations under this Facility Guaranty, each other Guarantor (each a Non-Paying Guarantor shall contribute to such Paying Guarantor an amount equal to such Non-Paying Guarantor s Guarantor Percentage of such payment or payments made, or losses suffered, by such Paying Guarantor. For purposes of this Article XI , each Non-Paying Guarantor s Guarantor Percentage with respect to any such payment or loss by a Paying Guarantor shall be determined as of the date on which such payment or loss was made by reference to the ratio of (i) such Non-Paying Guarantor s Maximum Liability as of such date (without giving effect to any right to receive, or obligation to make, any contribution hereunder) or, if such Non-Paying Guarantor s Maximum Liability has not been determined, the aggregate amount of all monies received by such Non-Paying Guarantor from the 
 93 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

Borrower after the date hereof (whether by loan, capital infusion or by other means) to (ii) the aggregate Maximum Liability of all Guarantors hereunder (including such Paying Guarantor) as of such date (without giving effect to any right to receive, or obligation to make, any contribution hereunder), or to the extent that a Maximum Liability has not been determined for any Guarantor, the aggregate amount of all monies received by such Guarantors from the Borrower after the date hereof (whether by loan, capital infusion or by other means). Nothing in this provision shall affect any Guarantor s several liability for the entire amount of the Guaranteed Obligations (up to such Guarantor s Maximum Liability). Each of the Guarantors covenants and agrees that its right to receive any contribution under this Facility Guaranty from a Non-Paying Guarantor shall be subordinate and junior in right of payment to the Guaranteed Obligations being Fully Satisfied. This provision is for the benefit of all of the Agents, the Lenders, the Borrower and the Guarantors and may be enforced by any one, or more, or all of them in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 Liability Cumulative . The liability of each Loan Party as a Guarantor under this Article XI is in addition to and shall be cumulative with all liabilities of each Loan Party to the Agents and the Lenders under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party or in respect of any obligations or liabilities of the other Loan Parties, without any limitation as to amount, unless the instrument or agreement evidencing or creating such other liability specifically provides to the contrary. 
 11.12 Release of Guarantors and Borrower . Notwithstanding anything in Section 10.01(g) to the contrary, but subject to the proviso in the definition of Guarantors , so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (i) a Guarantor that is a Subsidiary shall automatically be released from its obligations hereunder, its Facility Guaranty and each other applicable Loan Document upon the consummation of any transaction permitted hereunder as a result of which such Guarantor ceases to be a Subsidiary of the Borrower and (ii) if a Guarantor is or becomes an Immaterial Subsidiary, and such release would not result in any Immaterial Subsidiary being required pursuant to Section 6.12(d) to become a Loan Party hereunder (except to the extent that on and as of the date of such release, one or more other Immaterial Subsidiaries become Guarantors hereunder and the provisions of Section 6.12(d) are satisfied upon giving effect to all such additions and releases), such Guarantor shall be automatically released from its obligations hereunder, its Facility Guaranty and each other applicable Loan Document upon notification thereof from the Borrower to the Agent. In connection with any such release, the Agent shall execute and deliver to any Guarantor that is a Subsidiary, at such Guarantor s or the Borrower s expense, all documents that such Guarantor or the Borrower shall reasonably request to evidence termination or release. Any execution and delivery of documents pursuant to the preceding sentence of this Section 11.12 shall be without recourse to or warranty by the Agent. 
 9.04 Reserved . 
 Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions . Solely to the extent any Lender that is an Affected Financial Institution is a party to this Agreement and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Lender that is an Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by 
 the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any Lender that is an Affected Financial Institution and 
 the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable 
 a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability 
 a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of 
 94 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or 
 the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 
 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs . To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for any Swap Contract or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support , and each such QFC, a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and or of the United States or any other state of the United States) 
 
 In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 
 As used in this Section 11.14 , the following terms have the following meanings 
 BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 
 
 Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 
 
 QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 
 
 Signature pages follow 
 95 
 LEGAL_US_E # 171984019.2 

ANNEX II 
 
 University Contracts 
 
 1. University of Notre Dame 
 2. Harvard University 
 3. Kentucky Community & Technical College 
 4. University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill 
 5. University of Central Florida 
 6. Penn State University 
 7. Ive Tech Community College 
 8. Florida International University 
 9. Texas A&M University 
 10. University of Kentucky 
 11. University of Connecticut 
 12. University of Pennsylvania 
 13. Columbia University in the City of New York 
 14. University of Arkansas (2) 
 15. University of South Carolina 
 16. Georgetown University 
 17. Liberty University 
 18. Houston Community College 
 19. University of Delaware 
 20. Louisiana State University (2) 
 21. Boston University 
 22. George Mason University 
 23. Sam Houston State University 
 24. Mississippi State University 
 25. Georgia Institute of Technology 
 26. Ivy Tech Community College 
 27. Florida International University 
 28. University of Connecticut 
 29. Sam Houston State University 
 30. Mississippi State University 
 31. North Carolina A&T State University 
 32. Tulane University 
 33. Eastern Kentucky University 
 34. University of North Carolina at Greensboro 
 35. University of Southern Mississippi 
 36. Delgado Community College 
 37. Western Kentucky University 
 38. Coastal Carolina University 
 39. Alamo Colleges San Antonio (2) 
 40. Hinds Community College 
 41. The University of Memphis 
 42. Morgan State University 
 43. Providence College 
 44. Alamo Colleges Nortwest Vista 
 45. Mercer University (2) 
 46. Norfolk State University 
 47. Florida A&M University 
 48. Lousiana Tech University 
 49. Campbell University 
 50. Winston-Salem State University 

</EX-10.15>

<EX-10.33>
 8
 bned-ex1033donohueresignat.htm
 EX-10.33 DONOHUE RESIGNATION

Document 

Exhibit 10.33 
 
 April 12, 2023 
 
 To Michael Huseby 
 CC Michael Miller 
 Re Resignation 
 Priority High 
 
 Dear Michael, 
 Please use this letter for my resignation from BNED, Inc. I will be departing the company to pursue other opportunities and interests. My last day will be April 28 th , 2023. Please note that there are no disagreements between the Company and me on any matter related to the Company's operations , policies or practices. 
 Thank you! 
 
 s Thomas D Donohue 
 Thomas D Donohue 
 EVP, CFO 

</EX-10.33>

<EX-10.35>
 9
 bned-ex1035hendersonsevera.htm
 EX-10.35 HENDERSON SEPARATION

Document 
 Exhibit 10.35 
 
 Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 120 Mountain View Blvd. 
 Basking Ridge, NJ 07920 

 Maureen Pardadine 
 SVP, Chief HR Officer 
 mparadine bned.com 
 P 908.991.2603 
 M 516.819.0002 
 
 CONFIDENTIAL 
 
 May 3, 2023 
 
 Via email only to dhenderson mbsbooks.com 
 
 Dear David, 
 
 This letter confirms that June 2, 2023, is considered your last day of employment. Your involuntary separation is being coded as due to a workforce reduction. 
 
 Included for your review and consideration is a document, with attachments, entitled General Release and Waiver (the Release ). This document, among other things, contains a release of any rights or claims that you may have against the Company and other persons and entities specified in the Release. You have forty-five (45) days from the date you receive the Release to consider signing the Release. Once signed, you may revoke the Release within seven (7) days after you have executed it (the Revocation Period in accordance with the terms of the Release. The Release shall not be enforceable or effective until the Revocation Period has expired. We advise you to review the Release carefully and to consult with an attorney before signing the Release. 
 
 You must agree to the terms of the Release, return the signed Release within the stated period, and the Revocation Period must expire before payment of the stated Separation Payment will begin. If you do not deliver a signed copy of the Release to the Company within such forty-five (45) day period, this offer shall be deemed withdrawn and you shall not be eligible to receive the Separation Payment, but your employment still shall be terminated. 
 
 The contents of this cover letter are for information purposes only. Any agreement between the Company and you related to your separation is contained exclusively in the Release. Please review the Benefits Addendum and Frequently Asked Questions for answers to common questions. 
 
 This document is being provided to you via DocuSign and may be signed digitally and returned electronically. The digital copy is all that is required. If you instead elect to send the printed signed release to the Basking Ridge office rather than utilizing DocuSign, the commencement of your payments may be delayed. 
 
 If you have any questions, please contact me at (908) 991-2603 or mparadine bned.com. 

Sincerely, 
 
 s Maureen Paradine 
 
 Maureen Paradine 
 Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer 
 
 Enclosures 

GENERAL RELEASE AND WAIVER 
 
 1. David Henderson Employee or Releasor hereby acknowledges and agrees Employee s employment with Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. (the Company terminated on June 2, 2023 (the Termination Date ). 
 
 2. Employee acknowledges and agrees that Employee s executing this General Release and Waiver Release or Agreement is a condition precedent to the Company s obligation to pay (and the Employee s right to retain) the Severance Amount as defined in the letter agreement dated June 19, 2019 (such offer letter referred to herein as the Employment Agreement and such payments and benefits collectively referred to herein as the Separation Benefit , as further described in this Section 2), that the Separation Benefit is adequate consideration for this Release, and that any monetary or other benefits that, prior to the execution of this Release, Employee may have earned or accrued, or to which Employee may have been entitled, have been paid or will be paid, or such payments or benefits have been released, waived or settled by Releasor (as defined below) except as expressly provided in this Release. Employee also acknowledges that, prior to or contemporaneous with Employee s execution of this Release, Employee received all wages and other payments, including all accrued vacation pay and bonuses (if any) that were earned by and owed to Employee from the Company or any Releasee. Employee understands that Employee will receive all payments for wages and vacation pay owed to Employee through the Termination Date regardless of whether Employee signs this Release. 
 
 In consideration for signing this Agreement, and complying with its terms, Employee agrees that, after Employee s delivery to the Company of this fully executed Release as set forth below and the expiration of the Revocation Period (defined below), Employee shall accept from the Company, and on behalf of the Company and each Releasee (as defined below), the Separation Benefit in the gross amount of 1,017,500 in two equal payments in accordance with the Company s normal pay practices, less lawful deductions and withholdings, with fifty percent (50 ), or 508,750, to be paid on July 11, 2023 and the remaining fifty percent (50 ), or 508,750, to be paid on August 8, 2023. Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither payment described in the previous sentence shall be paid any earlier than the date the Revocation Period has expired. The Separation Benefit also shall include the following items (a) Company-provided vehicle (Ford Bronco) with a depreciated value of 54,128 (b) one (1) Microsoft Surface (c) two (2) Samsung monitors (d) two (2) HP LaserJet printers (e) one (1) Samsung Galaxy phone and (f) miscellaneous technology items (mouse, cables, chargers, and supplies) (for clarity, the value of these items is not included in the 1,017,500 Separation Benefit and Employee acknowledges and agrees Employee shall not receive, and Company shall not pay Employee, any monetary amount for any of these items). Employee and the Company understand and agree the Separation Benefit shall be regarded as wages from the Company for purposes of reporting and withholding the appropriate federal, state, and local income and employment taxes. In the event it is subsequently determined that any federal, state, or local taxes are owed with respect to the Separation Benefit or any portion thereof, Employee expressly acknowledges and agrees Employee and or the Releasors, and not Company or the Releasees, will be responsible for the payment of any such taxes, liabilities, payments, costs, interest, and penalties. Except such taxes for which an employer is solely liable, Employee agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Company and the Releasees to the full extent of any such taxes, liabilities, payments, costs, interest, and penalties that may be assessed against the Company or the Releasees in connection with the Separation Benefit. Employee further acknowledges and agrees the Company has not provided any tax advice related to the Separation Benefit. 
 
 In further consideration for signing this Agreement, and complying with its terms, Employee agrees that, after Employee s delivery to the Company of this fully executed Release as set forth below and the expiration of the Revocation Period (defined below), and provided Employee elects such coverage, Company also shall provide Employee continued health care coverage at the Company s cost pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Reconciliation Act of 1985 COBRA , and such benefits COBRA Benefits until the earlier of when Employee is no longer eligible for COBRA coverage or twelve (12) months following the Termination Date COBRA Coverage ). COBRA Benefits shall be paid on a monthly basis. 
 
 Employee affirms and warrants that Employee has informed the Company Benefits Department in writing if Employee (i) is a Medicare beneficiary (ii) is currently receiving, has received in the past, or is eligible for benefits from Medicare or (iii) has applied for or sought benefits from Medicare. Employee agrees to indemnify and hold the Company harmless for any penalties or liability, including interest, that may be asserted against the Company pursuant to Section 111 of the Medicare, Medicaid, and SCHIP Extension Act of 2007, 42 U.S.C. 1395y(b)(8), as a result of the payments and benefits described in section 2 of this Release. 

3. (a) THIS SECTION PROVIDES A COMPLETE RELEASE AND WAIVER OF ALL EXISTING AND POTENTIAL CLAIMS EMPLOYEE MAY HAVE AGAINST EVERY PERSON AND ENTITY INCLUDED WITHIN THE DESCRIPTION BELOW OF RELEASEE. BEFORE EMPLOYEE SIGNS THIS RELEASE, EMPLOYEE MUST READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY, AND MAKE SURE THAT EMPLOYEE UNDERSTANDS IT FULLY. 
 
 (b) In consideration of Employee s receipt and acceptance of the Separation Benefit from the Company, and on behalf of the Company and each Releasee, Employee, on Employee s behalf and on behalf of Employee s heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns (collectively, Releasor ), hereby irrevocably, unconditionally and generally releases the Company, its current and former officers, directors, shareholders, trustees, parents, members, managers, affiliates, subsidiaries, branches, divisions, benefit plans, agents, attorneys, advisors, counselors and employees, and the current and former officers, directors, shareholders, agents, attorneys, advisors, counselors and employees of any such parent, affiliate, subsidiary, branch or division of the Company and the heirs, executors, administrators, receivers, successors and assigns of all of the foregoing (each, a Releasee ), from or in connection with, and hereby waives and or settles, except as provided in Section 3(c) herein, any and all actions, causes of action, suits, debts, dues, sums of money, accounts, controversies, agreements, promises, damages, judgments, executions, or any liability, claims or demands, known or unknown and of any nature whatsoever, whether or not related to employment, and which Releasor ever had, now has or hereafter can, shall or may have as of the date of this Release, including, without limitation, (i) any rights and or claims arising under any contract, express or implied, written or oral, including, without limitation, the Employment Agreement (ii) any rights and or claims arising under any applicable foreign, federal, state, local or other statutes, orders, laws, ordinances, regulations or the like, or case law, that relate to employment or employment practices, including, without limitation, family and medical, and or, specifically, that prohibit discrimination based upon age, race, religion, sex, color, creed, national origin, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, medical condition, pregnancy, veteran status or any other unlawful bases, including, without limitation, the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, as amended, the Civil Rights Acts of 1866 and 1871, as amended, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended ADEA ), the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act OWBPA ), the Immigration Reform and Control Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Consumer Credit Protection Act, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the National Labor Relations Act, the Uniform Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act of 1994, the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act, the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, the Drug-Free Workplace Act, the Equal Pay Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended, the Family Medical Leave Act of 1993, as amended, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ERISA ), the Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act of 1974, as amended, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act of 1988, as amended, and any similar applicable statutes, orders, laws, ordinances, regulations or the like, or case law, of the State of New Jersey, the State of New York, and the State of Missouri and any state in which any Releasee is subject to jurisdiction, or any political subdivision thereof, including, without limitation, the Missouri Human Rights Law, Mo. Rev. Stat. 213.010 et seq., as amended, Missouri Equal Pay Law, Mo. Rev. Stat. 290.400 et seq., as amended, Missouri Disability Discrimination Law, Mo. Rev. Stat. 209.150 et seq., as amended, The Missouri Statutory Provisions Regarding Retaliation Discrimination for Filing a Worker's Compensation Claim, Mo. Rev. Stat. 287.780, as amended, The Missouri State Wage, Payment, Work Hour, and Dismissal Laws, Mo. Rev. Stat. 290.010 - 290.590 as amended, The Missouri Genetic Testing Information Bias Law, Mo. Rev. Stat. 375.1300 et seq., as amended, The Missouri AIDS Law, Mo. Rev. Stat. 191.665, as amended, Missouri Jury Duty Law, Mo. Rev. Stat. 494.460, as amended, Missouri Voting Leave Law, Mo. Rev. Stat. 115.637, as amended, Missouri Emergency Response Leave Law, Mo. Rev. Stat. 320.336, as amended, Missouri Witness Crime Victim Law, Mo. Rev. Stat. 595.209, as amended, Missouri Military Leave Re-Employment Rights Law, Mo. Rev. Stat. 40.490, as amended, Missouri War on Terror Veterans Leave Law, Mo. Rev. Stat. 288.042, as amended, Missouri Service Letter Law, Mo. Rev. Stat. 290.140 et seq., as amended, Missouri Statutory Provisions Regarding Employer Use of Employee Social Security Number, Mo. Rev. Stat. 407.1355, as amended, Missouri Statutory Provisions Regarding Disclosure Of Workers' Compensation Records, Mo. Rev. Stat. 287.380, as amended, Missouri Statutory Provisions Regarding Off Duty Use of Tobacco & Alcohol, Mo. Rev. Stat. 290.145, Missouri Statutory Provisions Regarding Employee Political Activities, Mo. Rev. Stat 115.637, as amended, Missouri Statutory Provisions Regarding Drug and Alcohol Testing, Mo. Rev. Stat. 288.045, as amended, Missouri Statutory Provisions Regarding Wage Claim Retaliation, Mo. Rev. Stat. 290.525, as amended, Missouri Statutory Provision Regarding Whistleblower Protection, Mo. Rev. Stat. 197.285, as amended and Mo. Rev. Stat. 198.070, as amended, Missouri Victims Economic Safety and Security Act (VESSA), Mo. Rev. Stat. 285.630, et seq., and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated pursuant to or concerning any of the foregoing statutes, orders, laws, 

ordinances, regulations or the like (iii) any waivable rights and or claims relating to wages and hours, including under state or local labor or wage payment laws (iv) any rights and or claims to benefits that Employee may have or become entitled to receive under any severance, termination, change of control, bonus or similar policy, plan, program, agreement or similar or related arrangements, including, without limitation, any offer letter, letter agreement or employment agreement between Employee and the Company (except as set forth in Section 3(c) below) (v) any rights and or claims that Employee may have to receive any equity in the Company (whether restricted or unrestricted) in the future and (vi) and any rights and or claims for attorneys fees. Employee agrees not to challenge or contest the reasonableness, validity, or enforceability of this Release. 
 
 If any claim is not subject to release, to the extent permitted by law, Employee waives any right or ability to be a class or collective action representative or to otherwise participate in any putative or certified class, collective or multi-party action or proceeding based on such a claim in which any Releasee is a party. 
 
 (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, Employee does not release any Releasee from any of the following rights and or claims (i) any rights and or claims Employee may have that arise after the date Employee signs this Release (ii) any rights and or claims that by law cannot be waived by private agreement (iii) Employee s right to file a charge or report with, or participate in, any investigation or proceeding conducted by the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission EEOC or other government agency provided that even though Employee can file a charge or report or participate in an investigation or proceeding conducted by the EEOC or other government agency, by executing this Release, Employee is waiving Employee s ability to obtain relief of any kind from any Releasee to the extent permitted by law (but Employee does not waive the right to any recovery authorized under Section 21F of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) (iv) Employee s non-forfeitable rights to accrued benefits (within the meaning of Sections 203 and 204 of ERISA) (v) any rights and or claims to insurance coverage under any directors and officers personal liability insurance or fiduciary insurance policy (vi) benefits and or the right to seek benefits under applicable workers' compensation (but claims for retaliation for exercising workers compensation rights are waived) (vii) benefits and or the right to seek benefits under applicable unemployment insurance law or (viii) vested benefits under the Company s 401(k) plan. 
 
 4. Nothing in or about this Release is intended to, and shall not, prohibit Employee from engaging in the following activities, and the limitations herein shall not apply to the disclosure of Confidential Information (as defined in the Employment Agreement) under the following circumstances (i) filing and, as provided for under Section 21F of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, maintaining the confidentiality of a claim with a government agency that is responsible for enforcing a law (ii) providing Confidential Information to the extent required by law or legal process or permitted by Section 21F of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or (iii) cooperating with or participating or assisting in any government or regulatory entity investigation or proceeding. With respect to each of these three scenarios, however, Employee agrees to take all reasonable steps to prevent the disclosure of Confidential Information beyond the allowable parameters described in this Section 4. 
 
 5. Employee represents and warrants that Employee has not filed or commenced any complaints, claims, actions, or proceedings of any kind against any Releasee with any federal, state, or local court or any administrative, regulatory or arbitration agency or body except those that Employee has listed with specificity next to Employee s name in the signature block below provided, however, that Employee is not required to disclose any complaint or other disclosures that are required or protected under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 18 U.S.C. 1513(e), or any other law, rule, or regulation that is subject to the jurisdiction of the Securities and Exchange Commission (collectively, SEC Actions ). Notwithstanding the above, Employee agrees that Employee shall dismiss any of the foregoing that have been filed except for SEC Actions. Except for Employee s right to bring a proceeding pursuant to the OWBPA to challenge the validity of the release of claims pursuant to the ADEA, and otherwise as provided herein or permitted by law, Employee agrees not to commence, maintain, prosecute or participate as a party in any action or proceeding in any court or arbitration forum against the Company or any other Releasee with respect to any act, omission, transaction or occurrence up to and including the date of the execution of this Release. Employee further agrees not to instigate, encourage, assist or participate in any court action or arbitration proceeding commenced by any other person (except a government agency) against the Company, or any other Releasee. In the event any government agency seeks to obtain any relief on behalf of Employee with regard to any claim released and waived by section 3(b) of this Release, Employee covenants not to accept, recover or receive any monetary relief or award that may arise out of or in connection with any such proceeding. 

Employee hereby waives any right to, and agrees not to, seek reinstatement or employment of any kind with any Releasee for a period of six (6) months following receipt of the entire Separation Benefit. Without waiver by any Releasee of the foregoing, the existence of this Release shall be a valid, nondiscriminatory basis for rejecting any such application or, in the event Employee obtains such employment, for terminating such employment. If Employee elects COBRA Coverage, and in the event Employee is rehired by any Releasee at any time when COBRA Coverage is being provided to Employee, Employee acknowledges and agrees the COBRA Coverage shall cease as of the first day of employment with Releasee. 
 
 This Release and the Separation Benefit are not intended to be, shall not be construed as, and are not an admission or concession by any Releasee of any wrongdoing or illegal or actionable acts or omissions. 
 
 6. (a) Employee hereby represents and agrees that, except as shall be required by law or as permitted under Section 3(c)(iii) or Section 4 of this Release, Employee shall (i) keep confidential and not disclose orally or in writing, to any person (except as may be required by law and as to Employee s immediate family, attorneys and accountant financial advisor) any and all information concerning the existence or terms of this Release and the amount of any payments made hereunder and (ii) keep confidential and not disclose orally or in writing, directly or indirectly, to any person (except Employee s immediate family, attorneys and accountant financial advisor), any and all information concerning any potential claims or causes of action that are being released in this Release, or allegations or facts that would support such claims or causes of action. 
 
 (b) If Employee is requested or required (by oral questions, interrogatories, requests for information, or documents, subpoena, civil investigative demand or similar process) to disclose any information covered by Section 6(a) herein, Employee shall promptly notify the Company by email to legaldepartment bned.com of such request or requirement so that the Company may seek to avoid or minimize the required disclosure and or to obtain an appropriate protective order or other appropriate relief to ensure that any information so disclosed is maintained in confidence to the maximum extent possible by the agency or other person receiving the disclosure, or, in the discretion of the Company, to waive compliance with the provisions of this Release. Employee shall use reasonable efforts, in cooperation with the Company or otherwise, to avoid or minimize the required disclosure and or to obtain such protective order or other relief. If, in the absence of a protective order or the receipt of a waiver hereunder, Employee is compelled to disclose such information or else stand liable for contempt or suffer other sanction, censure, or penalty, Employee shall disclose only so much of such information to the party compelling disclosure as Employee believes in good faith on the basis of advice of counsel is required by law, and Employee shall give the Company prior notice of such information Employee believes Employee is required to disclose. 
 
 (c) Employee affirms that Employee has been paid and or has received all compensation, wages, bonuses, commissions, and or benefits which are due and payable as of the date Employee signs this Agreement. Employee also affirms that Employee has been granted any leave to which Employee was entitled under the Family and Medical Leave Act or related state or local leave or disability accommodation laws. In addition, Employee affirms that Employee has no known workplace injuries or occupational diseases not previously reported. Employee further affirms that Employee has not been retaliated against for reporting any allegations of wrongdoing by the Company or its officers, including any allegations of corporate fraud. Employee is also not aware of any facts or information concerning any illegality or wrongdoing by the Company. 
 
 7. (a) Except as shall be required by law or as permitted under Section 3(c)(iii) or Section 4 of this Release, Employee shall not make, either directly or by or through another person, any oral or written negative, disparaging or adverse statements or representations of or concerning any Releasee in a manner that is disloyal, reckless, or maliciously untrue. Employee further represents and agrees Employee has not and will not engage in any conduct or take any actions whatsoever to cause or influence any person or entity, including, but not limited to, any past, present or prospective employee of the Company, to initiate oral, written or electronic negative, disparaging or adverse statements or representations of or concerning the Company or any Releasee that are disloyal, reckless, or maliciously untrue. To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, Employee agrees that Employee will not, directly or indirectly, discuss or otherwise disclose any of the facts underlying this Release, the existence of this Release, or the terms of the settlement to any wire service, newspaper, radio, or television reporter, online news or other communication service, application, or website (whether a blog or through any form of social media now or hereinafter in existence, including but not limited to Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, TikTok or the like), or any other media representative, including any legal article, legal periodical, journal, case settlement gathering source, or any other person or entity. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing herein shall be interpreted to prevent, 

discourage, or prohibit Employee from participating in, or assisting others in participating in, any activity under Section 7 of the Act or otherwise cooperating with the NLRB under the Act. 
 
 (b) Without limitation to the survival of any other terms of the Employment Agreement subsequent to the end of Employee s employment, the expiration or termination of the Employment Agreement, and or the execution and effectiveness of this Release, Employee and the Company expressly acknowledge that the terms of Section 4 of the Employment Agreement survive and shall be in full force and effect as provided in the Agreement. 
 
 (c) Employee shall direct all requests and inquiries concerning Employee s possible employment by prospective employers to the HR Service Center at 1-833-474-2633 or hrconnect bned.com, which will comply with the Company s neutral reference policy. 
 
 (d) Employee represents and agrees that within ten (10) days of the Termination Date, Employee has returned to the Company all property of the Company, including without limitation, any keys to the offices or properties of the Company, and Company identification cards, computers, cellular telephones, or other equipment. Employee affirms that Employee is in possession of all of Employee s property that Employee had at the Company s premises and that the Company is not in possession of any of Employee s property. 
 
 8. The covenants, representations, and acknowledgments made by Employee in this Release shall continue to have full force and effect after the execution and effectiveness of this Release and the delivery of the Separation Benefit, and this Release shall inure to the benefit of each Releasee, and the successors and assigns of each of them, to the extent necessary to preserve the intended benefits of such provisions. If any section of this Release is determined to be void, voidable, or unenforceable, excluding the general release language, it shall have no effect on the remainder of this Release, which shall remain in full force and effect, and the provisions so held invalid or unenforceable shall be deemed modified as to give such provisions the maximum effect permitted by applicable law. The Company shall be excused and released from any obligation to make payment of the Separation Benefit, and Employee shall be obligated to return to the Company the Separation Benefit, in the event that Employee is found to have (a) made a material misstatement in any term, condition, covenant, representation, or acknowledgment in this Release, or (b) Employee is found to have committed or commits a material breach of any term, condition, or covenant in this Release. Employee understands and acknowledges that if Employee breaches this Release, Employee s release and waiver of claims contained in this Release remain in full force and effect. 
 
 9. This Release and the Employment Agreement constitute the sole and complete agreement between the parties with respect to the matters set forth therein and, except for the Employment Agreement (which shall continue in full force and effect as stated therein), supersedes all prior agreements, understandings, and arrangements, oral or written, between Employee and the Company with respect to the subject matter thereof. This Release may not be amended or modified except by an instrument or instruments in writing signed by the party against whom enforcement of any such modification or amendment is sought. Either party may, by an instrument in writing, waive compliance by the other party with any term or provision of this Release to be performed or complied with by such other party. 
 
 10. With respect to any claims or disputes under or in connection with this Release or any claims released under Section 3 of this Release, Employee and the Company hereby acknowledge and agree that Section 9 of the Agreement shall govern. Employee acknowledges that a breach or threatened breach of the provisions of this Release may give rise to losses or damages for which the Company cannot be reasonably or adequately compensated in an action at law, and that such violation may result in irreparable and continuing harm to the Company. Accordingly, Employee agrees that, in addition to any other remedy that the Company may have at law or in equity, the Company shall be entitled to seek equitable relief, including, without limitation, injunction and specific performance and Employee hereby waives any requirements for security or posting of any bond in connection with such relief. No specification in this Release of any particular remedy shall be construed as a waiver or prohibition of any other remedies (including claims for damages) in the event of a breach or threatened breach of this Release. 
 
 11. Employee agrees and acknowledges that (a) Employee has had an adequate opportunity to review this Release and all of its terms, (b) Employee understands all of the terms of this Release, which are fair, reasonable, and are not the result of any fraud, duress, coercion, pressure, or undue influence exercised by or on 

behalf of any Releasee, and (c) Employee has agreed to and or entered into this Release and all of the terms hereof, knowingly, freely, and voluntarily. 
 
 12. Older Worker Benefit Protection Act . By executing this Release, Releasor acknowledges that (a) Employee has been advised by the Company to consult with an attorney before executing this Release (b) Employee was provided and has adequate time (that is, forty-five (45) days) to review, consider, and sign this Release and return it to Rhea Kaston via email at rkaston bncollege.com, (c) Employee has been advised that Employee has seven (7) days following execution to revoke this Release Revocation Period ), (d) the Release is written in a manner calculated to be understood by Employee, (e) the Release represents Employee s knowing and voluntary release of any and all claims that Employee might have up through the date this Release is signed, including, but not limited to, any claims arising under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, (f) Employee has not been asked to release, nor has Employee released, any claim that may arise after the date of this Release, (g) the consideration that Employee will receive in exchange for signing this Release (that is, the Separation Benefit) is something of value to which Employee was not already entitled, and (h) Employee has been given the attached listing of the job titles and ages of the persons who were and were not selected for the group termination severance program. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in the Employment Agreement, this Release shall not be effective or enforceable, and the Separation Benefit is not payable and shall not be delivered or paid by the Company, until the Revocation Period has expired (that is, the 8th day after the Employee signs the Release) and provided that Employee has not revoked this Release. Employee agrees that any revocation shall be made in writing and delivered to VP Field HR & HR Operations via email to rkaston bncollege.com in a manner such that it is delivered before the expiration of the Revocation Period. Employee acknowledges that revocation of this Release shall result in the Company s not having an obligation to pay the Separation Benefit. Employee agrees that any modifications, material or otherwise, made to this Release, do not restart or affect in any manner the original forty-five (45) calendar day consideration period. Finally, Employee hereby expressly waives any longer or other timeframe for consideration and return of an executed Release as may be set forth in the Employment Agreement, including but not limited as stated in the last sentence of Section 3(f) of the Employment Agreement. 
 
 13. In the event any signature is delivered by electronic transmission, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing the same with the same force and effect as if such electronic signature page were an original thereof. 

David Henderson 

Signature s David Henderson Date 5 9 2023 

</EX-10.35>

<EX-21.1>
 10
 bned-ex211_20230429xq423.htm
 EX-21.1 SUBSIDIARY LISTING

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 
 1. B&N Education, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 
 2. Barnes & Noble College Booksellers, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 3. BNED Digital Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 4. BNED LoudCloud, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 5. BNED MBS Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 6. LoudCloud Systems Private Limited, an Indian subsidiary 
 7. MBS Automation LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 8. MBS Direct, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 9. MBS Internet, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 10. MBS Service Company LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 11. MBS Textbook Exchange, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 12. TextbookCenter LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 13. TXTB.com LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 11
 bned-ex231_20230429xq423.htm
 EX-23.1 CONSENT

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 (i) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-227515) and Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-260133) each of which relates to the Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan, 
 
 (ii) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-206893) and Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-213673) each of which relates to the Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 of our reports dated July 31, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. and subsidiaries and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. and subsidiaries included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended April 29, 2023. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 Iselin, New Jersey 
 July 31, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 12
 bned-ex311_20230429xq423.htm
 EX-31.1 Q423

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION BY THE 
 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 17 CFR 240.13a-14(a) 15(d)-14(a), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Michael P. Huseby, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date July 31, 2023 
 
 By s Michael P. Huseby Michael P. Huseby Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 13
 bned-ex321_20230429xq423.htm
 EX-32.1 Q423

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14(b) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 AND 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the annual report of Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended April 29, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael P. Huseby, Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of the Company, certify, to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Michael P. Huseby Michael P. Huseby Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. July 31, 2023 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 bned-20230429.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 bned-20230429_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 bned-20230429_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 bned-20230429_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 bned-20230429_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

