<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230713_10-K_edgar_data_1635136_0001493152-23-024397.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7212316</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>197641</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1482324</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2570300</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1194306</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1555209</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-024397.hdr.sgml : 20230713
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230713090040
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-024397
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		95
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230713
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230713

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DUO WORLD INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001635136
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				352517572
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55698
		FILM NUMBER:		231085822

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		170 S, GREEN VALLEY PARKWAY, SUITE 300
		CITY:			HENDERSON
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89012
		BUSINESS PHONE:		1 702-710-3920

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		NO.6, CHARLES TERRACE, OFF ALFRED PLACE,
		CITY:			COLOMBO
		STATE:			F1
		ZIP:			00300

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-024397.txt : 20230713

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
DC 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ____________ to ___________ 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 of 
 Incorporation) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Title
of Each Class 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that he registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Sec. 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit or post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of the registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III
of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting
company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, and smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether
any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the
registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the Registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter (September 30, 2022) was approximately . 

As
of June 09, 2023, there were shares of our common stock outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

ITEMS 

PAGE 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 4 
 
 Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 9 
 
 Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 21 
 
 Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 22 
 
 Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 22 
 
 Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 22 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 22 
 
 Item 6. 
 
 [Reserved Not applicable] 
 
 23 
 
 Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 24 
 
 Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 
 
 34 
 
 Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 34 
 
 Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 34 
 
 Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 34 
 
 Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 35 
 
 Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 35 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 35 
 
 Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 40 
 
 Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 42 
 
 Item 13 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 44 
 
 Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 45 

PART
 IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 46 
 
 Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 46 

2 

CAUTION
REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report ), in particular the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations appearing in Item 7 herein MD A ), contains certain forward-looking statements 
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking
statements give expectations or forecasts of future events. The reader can identify these forward-looking statements by the fact that
they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. They use words such as believe(s), goal(s), target(s), 
 estimate(s), anticipate(s), forecast(s), project(s), plan(s), intend(s), 
 expect(s), might, may and other words and terms of similar meaning in connection with a discussion
of future operations, financial performance or financial condition. Forward-looking statements, in particular, include statements relating
to future actions, prospective services or products, future performance or results of current and anticipated services or products, sales
efforts, expenses, the outcome of contingencies such as legal proceedings, trends of operations and financial results. 

Any
or all forward-looking statements may turn out to be wrong, and, accordingly, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such
statements, which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report. These statements are based on current expectations and the current
economic environment. They involve a number of risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. These statements are not guarantees
of future performance. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking
statements can be affected by inaccurate assumptions or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. Many such factors will be important
in determining the Company s actual results and financial condition. The reader should consider the following list of general factors
that could affect the Company s future results and financial condition. 

Among
the general factors that could cause actual results and financial condition to differ materially from estimated results and financial
condition are: 

the success or failure
 of management s efforts to implement their business strategy; 

the ability of the Company
 to raise sufficient capital to meet operating requirements; 

the uncertainty of consumer
 demand for our products and services; 

the ability of the Company
 to compete with major established companies; 

heightened competition,
 including, with respect to pricing, entry of new competitors and the development of new products or services by new and existing
 competitors; 

absolute and relative performance
 of our products or services; 

the effect of changing
 economic conditions; 

the ability of the Company
 to attract and retain quality employees and management; and 

other risks which may be
 described in our future filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 

No
assurances can be given that the results contemplated in any forward-looking statements will be achieved or will be achieved in any particular
timetable. We assume no obligation to publicly correct or update any forward-looking statements as a result of events or developments
subsequent to the date of this Annual Report. The reader is advised, however, to consult any further disclosures we make on related subjects
in our filings with the SEC. 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE CONCERNING THE IMPACT OF THE COVID-19 CORONOVIRUS ON OUR BUSINESS 

In
March 2020, the outbreak of the COVID-19 Coronavirus caused by a novel strain of the coronavirus was recognized as a Global Pandemic
by the World Health Organization, and the outbreak has become increasingly widespread all over the World, including the geographical
locations in which our Company and our subsidiaries operate and sell our products and services. The COVID-19 Coronavirus Pandemic has
and will continue affecting economies and businesses around the World. The Company continues to closely monitor the impact of the COVID-19
Coronavirus outbreak. The impacts of the Pandemic could be material, but, due to the evolving nature of this situation, we are not able
at this time to estimate the impact on our current financial, operational or future financial results. Among the factors that could impact
our results are: effectiveness of COVID-19 Coronavirus mitigation measures, potential development of effective vaccines and boosters
(if deemed necessary), development of effective therapeutics, global and regional economic conditions, reduced business and consumer
spending due to both job losses and reduced investment activity, and other factors beyond our control. 

3 

PART
I 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS. 

BUSINESS
DEVELOPMENT 

BACKGROUND 

Duo
World, Inc. we, the Company or Duo World is an information technology and software solutions
company, focused on bringing value to its clients through customer interactions. 

Duo
World has its registered office in Nevada, United States, and its development center in Colombo, Sri Lanka. Duo World specializes in
communication and collaboration platforms for customers who require any form of engagement with their clients, including, but not limited
to, customer life cycle management, customer care, and contact center management. Duo World has served its customers in many ways, including
improved efficiency, cost reduction, revenue optimization and value added product and service offerings. 

Duo
World s communications and collaboration platform is used by some of the largest banks, retail chains, and financial conglomerates
in Sri Lanka. 

Duo
World, Inc. was formed as a Nevada corporation in 2014 for the purpose of acquiring three operating entities: (i) Duo Software (Pvt.)
Limited, a Sri Lankan company Duo Software Sri Lanka ), from Mr. Muhunthan Canagasooryam, Duo World s President and
founder, in exchange for 28,000,000 shares of our common stock and 5,000,000 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock; (ii) Duo Software
(Pte.) Limited, a Singaporean company Duo Software Singapore ), from Ms. Koshala Nishaharan, in exchange for 2,000,000
shares of our common stock; and (iii) Duo Software India (Private) Limited, an India company Duo Software India ). Duo
Software India is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Duo Software Singapore. These acquisitions were accomplished as of December 3, 2014. 

Duo
Software Sri Lanka was incorporated on September 22, 2004 in the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka, as a limited liability company
under the Sri Lanka Companies Act No. 17 of 1982, and was subsequently reregistered under the Sri Lanka Companies Act No. 7 of 2007,
in compliance with the New Companies Act, which came into effect in 2007. 

Duo
Software Singapore was incorporated on June 5, 2007 in the Republic of Singapore under the Companies Act (Cap 50. 1994 Rev. Ed). 

Duo
Software India was incorporated on August 30, 2007, under the Companies Act of 1956 in the Republic of India and became a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Duo Software Singapore. Currently, the Duo Software India is closed. 

Dial
Desk (Pte) Limited a Singapore based company, was incorporated on September 22, 2022 in the Republic of Singapore as a limited liability
company. Dial Desk (Pte) Limited is an 80 owned subsidiary of Duo World Inc. 

4 

Duo
World maintains an internet website at www.duoworld.com . Information about us is available on the website, free of charge. We
are a publicly held company and are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange
Act ). We have available on our website our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on
Form 8-K, which will be posted or linked on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material
with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The Company s website and the information contained
therein are not considered as being incorporated into this Annual Report. 

Duo
World has a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all employees, as well as our Board of Directors and officers. The Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics is posted on our website at www.duoworld.com . We will post on our website any amendments to, or
waivers of, the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. 

Overview 

We
have been transforming our business model from on premise/enterprise solutions to developing new products and enhancing our current products
for the cloud-based, SaaS market. Duo World is now able to provide a complete on premise as well as cloud system to deliver great customer
service experience. 

With
the launch of the cloud version, we plan to employ a strategic market approach focused on creating and distributing valuable, relevant
and consistent online content to attract new customers through content marketing. 

The
enterprise version of each of our new SaaS products is launched first in Sri Lanka and the region as a test bed prior to being launched
in other countries. We expect that our SaaS solutions will reduce implementation and change request costs, while improving product profitability.
We believe the transition to cloud-based SaaS product will allow us to focus more on product innovation than on deploying our resources
and efforts to solve customer-specific issues. 

Rather
than catering our products to limited industries in a particular region or country, our new SaaS products will allow us to serve a global
customer base that can be reached through our cloud presence, accessed by any user via the internet regardless of where they are located.
We believe that our transformation from on premise/enterprise solutions to cloud-based, SaaS solutions has commenced exposing
us to a greater number of potential customers and reduce our reliance on a few large enterprise customers. 

5 

Our
Products 

The
following is a summary of our primary product offerings, which are fully developed and expected to launch to a broader customer base
as outlined in more detail below. 

Facetone 

We
launched Facetone in October 2016. Facetone is a communication and collaboration platform that provides the capability of efficiently
operating on-premise or cloud-based PABX, IVR or call center. A PABX is a private automatic branch exchange and automatic telephone switching
system. An IVR is an interactive voice response system that interacts with callers, gathers information and routes calls to the appropriate
recipients. 

Facetone
for PABX provides advanced features such as call conferencing, call parking, call forwarding, voicemail and more. Facetone for call centers
provides the capability to run a fully functional contact center with added features such as call routing and chat-based collaboration
like Facebook, Viber and Skype. Facetone also uses artificial intelligence to facilitate automated customer communication. 

The
on-premise and Partner versions of Facetone were launched in 2016. The Partner solution is a hosted solution that operates similarly
to a SaaS product from the client s perspective. Under the Partner solution, we partner with leading telecom operators who host
our Facetone solution in their data centers and offer the solution to their enterprise customers as a value added subscription service,
with sales and support then provided by the telecom partner on an ongoing basis. 

During
fiscal year 2023 and fiscal year 2022, we have recognized 41,697 and 78,409 in revenue, respectively, from Facetone. 

6 

Smoothflow 

Smoothflow
is a tool that allows businesses to develop and deploy conversational automation to be conducted by machines without human intervention.
Its Studio interface allows users to drag and drop activities to build conversation. To further enhance the conversation to be more like
humans, Smoothflow has inbuilt artificial intelligence AI and Natural Language Processing NLP ). 

Smoothflow
uses the power of artificial intelligence to keep improving the conversational flow and user experience. Organizations can deliver great
customer service by automating the multi-channel communication. 

Businesses
will learn more about their customers than ever before and the Bots can be easily trained to answer questions that most people would
find it difficult to answer themselves. 

Smoothflow
is integrated with WebChats, Social Media and messaging platforms such as Messenger by Facebook, Skype and Slack to enhance the Omni-channel
customer user experience. 

Smoothflow
went live in January 2019 and acquired the first customer in March 2019. 

DialDesk 

DialDesk
is a SaaS contact center software which caters the SME segment of the market with its low cost, cloud based platform. Businesses can
buy their virtual number from DialDesk and set up their contact center within few minutes. With its easy to uses user interface and agility
DialDesk will help businesses improve the productivity of their contact center operations. 

Major
Customers 

The
Company does business with a few major customers. Major customers are defined as those customers whose annual revenue contributions to
the Company are greater or equal to 10 of the Company s annual revenue. Net sales for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, 2022
and 2021 include sales to the following major customers: 

Sales 

Year Ended March 31, 
 
 Customer 
 2023 
 
 2022 
 
 2021 

Customer A 
 13,778 
 27 
 26,982 
 29 
 16,435 
 5 
 
 Customer B 
 11,647 
 23 
 26,500 
 28 
 22,603 
 6 
 
 Customer C 
 12,541 
 25 
 19,720 
 21 
 - 
 - 
 
 Customer D 
 7,305 
 14 
 11,396 
 12 
 13,114 
 4 
 
 Customer E 
 - 
 - 

256,549 
 74 
 
 Customer F 
 - 
 - 

29,667 
 8 
 
 Total Sales to 

Customers A-F 
 45,272 
 89 
 84,598 
 90 
 338,368 
 97 

7 

Our
Intellectual Property 

We
have no patents. Our trademarks are registered in Sri Lanka and will be registered in the United States in the future. Our trade secrets,
copyrights and our other intellectual property rights are important assets for us. We enter into confidentiality agreements with our
employees and consultants and we generally control access to and distribution of proprietary information. These agreements generally
provide that any confidential information developed by us or on our behalf be kept confidential. Further, we require all employees to
execute written agreements assigning to us all rights in all inventions, developments, technologies and other intellectual property created
by our employees. 

There
are events that are outside of our control that pose a threat to our intellectual property rights. For example, effective intellectual
property protection may not be available in every country in which our services are made available through the Internet. Also, the efforts
we have taken to protect our propriety rights may not be sufficient or effective. Any significant impairment of our intellectual property
rights could harm our business or our ability to compete. Also, protecting our intellectual property rights could be expensive and time
consuming. 

Employees 

The
Company currently has approximately twenty (20) full time employees. We have employment agreements with our employees, and our officers.
We do not anticipate any of our employees being union members. 

All
non-core activities are outsourced or subcontracted for greater flexibility and efficiency 

Legal
Proceedings 

We
are not involved in any legal proceedings. 

Competitive
Conditions 

The
subscription management and billing and customer lifecycle management businesses are intensely competitive. We have numerous competitors
in the United States and abroad, many of whom have greater financial and human resources than we have. If we are unable to compete effectively
and efficiently with our competitors, then we may not generate sufficient revenues and profits to stay in business, in which case investors
in our Common Stock could lose part or all of their investments in the Company. 

Business
and Legal Developments Regarding Climate Change 

We
do not believe our business will be affected by business and legal developments regarding climate change. 

Where
You Can Find Us 

Our
principal executive offices in the United States are located at 170 S. Green Valley Parkway, Suite 300, Henderson, Nevada 89012. Our
U.S. telephone number is (870) 505-6540. Our primary overseas offices are located at c/o Duo Software (Pvt.) Ltd., No. 6, Charles Terrace,
Off Alfred Place, Colombo 03, Sri Lanka. Our overseas telephone number is + (94) 112 375 000. 

Implications
of Being an Emerging Growth Company 

During
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, we were an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups
Act of 2012 or JOBS Act. Effective April 1, 2022, we ceased being an emerging growth company. 

8 

As
an emerging growth company, we were able to take advantage of reduced or scaled disclosure requirements that are otherwise
applicable to public companies. These reduced or scaled disclosure requirements include, but are not limited to: 

1. 
 being permitted to present
 only two years of audited financial statements and only two years of related Management s Discussion and Analysis of
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Annual Report; 

2. 
 not being required to comply
 with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended; 

3. 
 being able to take advantage
 of the reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports, proxy statements and registration
 statements; and 

4. 
 being exempt from the requirements
 of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously
 approved. 

We
elected to take advantage of certain of the reduced disclosure obligations in this Annual Report and may elect to take advantage of other
reduced reporting requirements in our future filings with the SEC. As a result, the information that we provide to our stockholders may
be different than you might receive from other public reporting companies that are not emerging growth companies. 

The
JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company may take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with new or
revised accounting standards. We have irrevocably elected to not avail ourselves of this exemption and, therefore, we will be subject
to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. 

Compliance
after Termination of Emerging Growth Company Status 

Since
our emerging growth company status has terminated, we will no longer be able to take advantage of the reduced or scaled disclosure requirements
described in subparagraphs 1. and 4., above. However, since we are a smaller reporting company, as that term is defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, even though our emerging growth company status has terminated, we will
still be able to take advantage of the reduced or scaled disclosure requirements described in subparagraphs 2. and 3., above, for as
long as we continue to have smaller reporting company status. 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS. 

An
investment in our Common Stock involves a high degree of risk. Prospective investors should carefully consider the following risk factors
and the other information in this Annual Report and in our other filings with the SEC before investing in our Common Stock. Our business
and results of operations could be seriously harmed by any of the following risks. You should carefully consider the risks described
below, the other information in this Annual Report and the documents incorporated by reference herein when evaluating our Company and
our business. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business could be harmed. In such case, the trading price of our Common
Stock could decline and investors could lose all or a part of the money paid for our Common Stock. 

INVESTING
IN OUR COMMON STOCK INVOLVES A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK. IF ANY OF THE FOLLOWING RISKS ACTUALLY MATERIALIZES, OUR BUSINESS, FINANCIAL CONDITION
AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS WOULD SUFFER AND OUR SHAREHOLDERS COULD LOSE ALL OR PART OF THEIR INVESTMENT IN OUR SHARES. 

9 

Risks
Related to our Business and Industry 

The
markets in which we operate include a large number of service providers and are highly competitive. 

We
face intense competition on all aspects of our business. The nature of the IT industry creates a competitive landscape that is constantly
evolving as firms emerge, expand or are acquired, as technology evolves and as delivery models change. Many of our competitors are expanding
the services they offer in an attempt to gain additional business. In addition, new competitors, alliances among competitors or competitors 
mergers could result in significant market share gain by such competitors. Some of our competitors may have or develop a lower cost structure,
adopt more aggressive pricing policies or provide services that gain greater market acceptance than the services that we offer or develop.
Large and well-capitalized competitors may be able to better respond to the need for technological changes faster, price their services
more aggressively, compete for skilled professionals, finance acquisitions, fund internal growth and compete for market share. We could
lose customers if our competitors introduce new competitive products, add new functionality, acquire competitive products, reduce prices,
better execute on their sales and marketing strategies or form strategic alliances with other companies. 

We
may need to change our pricing models to compete successfully. 

The
intense competition we face in the sales of our products and services and general economic and business conditions can put pressure on
us to change our prices. If our competitors offer deep discounts on certain products or services or develop products that the marketplace
considers more valuable, we may need to lower prices or offer other favorable terms in order to compete successfully. Any such changes
may reduce margins and could adversely affect operating results. Our clients routinely negotiate for better pricing, and in order to
respond to increased competition and pricing pressure, we may be required to lower our pricing structure, which would have an adverse
effect on our revenues and profit margin. 

Our
ability to achieve significant revenue will depend on our ability to establish effective sales and marketing capabilities. 

Our
success is dependent upon our ability to effectively and profitably market and sell our services. If we fail to establish sufficient
marketing and sales forces, our ability to enter new or existing markets will be impaired. Our inability to effectively enter these markets
would materially and adversely affect our ability to generate significant revenues. 

We
may not receive significant revenues from our current research and development efforts for several years, if at all. 

Developing
cloud and software offerings is expensive and the investment in the development of these offerings often involves a long return on investment
cycle. An important element of our corporate strategy is to continue to make significant investments in research and development and
related product and service opportunities both through internal investments and the acquisition of intellectual property from companies
that we have acquired. Accelerated product and service introductions and short software life cycles require high levels of expenditures
for research and development that could adversely affect our operating results if not offset by revenue increases. We believe that we
must continue to dedicate a significant amount of resources to our research and development efforts to maintain our competitive position.
However, we may not receive significant revenues from these investments for several years, if at all. 

If
we are unable to hire or retain qualified personnel in certain areas of our business, then our ability to execute our business plans
in those areas could be impaired and revenues could decrease. 

We
employ approximately 20 permanent employees worldwide, and outsource all of the non-core activities and tasks to third party or contract
employees. At times, we have experienced difficulties in hiring personnel with the desired levels of training and experience. In the
technology industry, there is substantial and continuous competition for highly skilled business, product development, technical and
other personnel. Since wages in Sri Lanka continue to increase at a faster rate than in the United States, we may also experience increased
compensation costs that are not offset by either improved productivity or higher sales. We may not be successful in recruiting new personnel
and in retaining and motivating existing personnel. We have been outsourcing certain non-core activities to third party suppliers. Additionally,
quality service depends on our ability to retain employees and control personnel turnover. Any increase in the employee turnover rate
could increase recruiting and training costs and could decrease operating effectiveness and productivity. We may not be able to continue
to hire, train and retain a significant number of qualified personnel to adequately staff new client projects or expand existing ones. 

10 

We
depend heavily on our management team and the loss of any of our executive officers or key members of our management team could significantly
weaken our management expertise and our ability to run our business. 

Our
business strategy and success is dependent on the skills and knowledge of our management team and consultants. As of the date of this
Memorandum, Muhunthan Canagasooryam is our President and Chief Executive Officer, Suzannah Jennifer Samuel Perera is our Chief Financial
Officer and Riad Ameen is our Legal Director. The loss of services of Muhunthan Canagasooryam, Suzannah Jennifer Samuel Perera, Riad
Ameen or any member of our management team, including Ajeewan Arumugam and Sudarshini Rajaratnam, could weaken significantly our management
expertise and our ability to efficiently run our business. We do not maintain key man life insurance policies on any of our officers. 

A
large portion of our revenue is generated from a limited number of clients, and the loss of significant work from one or more of our
clients could adversely affect our business. 

Our
three largest clients, LOLC, DFCC and Singer, collectively, represented 75 of our revenues for the year ended March 31, 2023 and our
three largest clients, LOLC, DFCC and Singer, represented 78 of our revenues for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. While we typically
have multiple work orders and/or contracts with our largest customers, which would not all terminate at the same time, the loss of one
or more of the larger work orders or contracts with one of our largest customers could adversely affect our business, results of operations
and financial condition, if the lost revenues were not replaced with profitable revenues from that client or other clients. 

We
process, transmit and store personally identifiable information and unauthorized access to, or the unintended release of, this information
could result in a claim for damages or loss of business and create unfavorable publicity. 

We
process, transmit and store personally identifiable information, both in our role as a service provider and as an employer. This information
may include social security numbers or other foreign tax identification numbers, financial and health information, as well as personal
information. As a result, we are subject to certain contractual terms, as well as federal, state and foreign laws and regulations designed
to protect personally identifiable information. While we take measures to protect the security and privacy of this information and to
prevent unauthorized access, it is possible that our security controls over personal data and other practices we follow may not prevent
the improper access to or disclosure of personally identifiable information. If any person, including any of our employees, negligently
disregards or intentionally breaches our established controls with respect to such data or otherwise mismanages or misappropriates that
data, we could be subject to monetary damages, fines and/or criminal prosecution. 

We
could suffer significant damage to our brand and reputation if: 

a cyber-attack or other
 security incident were to allow unauthorized access to or modification of our customers or other external data, our employees 
 data or our own data and IT systems; 

the services we provide
 to our customers were disrupted; or 

our products or services
 were perceived as having security vulnerabilities. 

Customers
could lose confidence in the security and reliability of our products and services, including our cloud offerings, and perceive them
to not be secure. This could lead to fewer customers using our products and services and result in reduced revenue and earnings. The
costs we would incur to address and fix these security incidents would increase our expenses. These types of security incidents could
also lead to lawsuits, regulatory investigations and claims and increased legal liability, including, in some cases contractual costs
related to customer notification and fraud monitoring. 

11 

Interruption
of our data centers and contact centers could have a materially adverse effect on our business. 

In
the event that we experience a temporary or permanent interruption at one or more of our data centers, contact centers or to cloud storage
where we also store data and codes, through natural disaster, casualty, operating malfunction, cyber-attack, sabotage or other causes,
we may be unable to provide the data services we are contractually obligated to deliver. This could result in us being required to pay
contractual damages to some clients or to allow some clients to terminate or renegotiate their contracts. Notwithstanding disaster recovery
and business continuity plans and precautions instituted to protect our clients and us from events that could interrupt delivery of services
(including property and business interruption insurance that we may maintain or procure in the future), there is no guarantee that such
interruptions would not result in a prolonged interruption in our ability to provide support services to our clients or that such precautions
would adequately compensate us for any losses we may incur as a result of such interruptions. 

Our
ability to deliver our services is at risk if the technology and network equipment we rely upon is not maintained or upgraded on a timely
basis. 

Technology
is a critical foundation in our service delivery. We utilize and deploy internally developed and third party software solutions across
various hardware environments. We operate an extensive internal voice and data network that links our global sites together in a multi-hub
model that enables the rerouting of traffic. Also, we rely on multiple public communication channels for connectivity to our clients.
Our clients are highly dependent upon the high availability and uncompromised security of our systems. These systems are subject to risk
of an extended interruption or outage due to many factors, such as system failures, acts of nature and intentional unauthorized attacks
from third parties. Accordingly, maintenance of, and investment in, these foundational components are critical to our success. If the
reliability of our technology or network operations falls below required service levels, or a systemic fault affects the organization
broadly, we may be obligated to pay performance penalties to our clients, and our business from existing and potential clients may be
jeopardized and cause our revenue and cash flow to decrease. 

Our
business performance and growth plans may be negatively affected if we are unable to effectively anticipate and respond to developments
in the application and use of our technology. 

The
use of technology in our industry has and will continue to rapidly increase. Our future success depends, in part, upon our ability to
develop and implement technology solutions that anticipate and keep pace with continuing changes in technology, industry standards and
client preferences. We may not be successful in anticipating or responding to these developments on a timely and cost-effective basis,
and our ideas may not be accepted in the marketplace. Additionally, the effort to gain technological expertise and develop new technologies
in our business requires us to incur significant expenses. If we cannot offer new technologies as quickly as our competitors or if our
competitors develop more cost-effective technologies, it could have a material adverse effect on our ability to obtain and complete customer
engagements. Also, if customer preferences for technology disproportionately outpace other interaction preferences, it could have a material
adverse impact on our revenue profile and growth plans. 

Our
success depends upon our ability to develop new products and services, integrate acquired products and services and enhance our existing
products and services. 

Rapid
technological advances, changing delivery models and evolving standards in computer software development and communications infrastructure,
changing and increasingly sophisticated customer needs and frequent new product introductions and enhancements characterize the industries
in which we compete. If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services, enhance and improve our product
offerings and support services in a timely manner or position and price our products and services to meet demand, customers may not purchase
or subscribe to our software or cloud offerings or renew software support or cloud subscriptions contracts. Renewals of these contracts
are important to the growth of our business. In addition, we cannot provide any assurance that the standards on which we choose to develop
new products will allow us to compete effectively for business opportunities in emerging areas. 

12 

We
have continued to refresh and release new offerings of software products and services, including Facetone and Smooth Flow. Our business
may be adversely affected if: 

we do not continue to develop
 and release these or other new or enhanced products and services within the anticipated time frames; 

there is a delay in market
 acceptance of new, enhanced or acquired product lines or services; 

there are changes in information
 technology IT trends that we do not adequately anticipate or address with our product development efforts; 

we do not timely optimize
 complementary product lines and services; or 

we fail to adequately integrate,
 support or enhance acquired product lines or services. 

Our
success depends upon our ability to sell products and services in new, international markets. 

We
derive the majority of our sales from customers based within Sri Lanka and the surrounding region. A material portion of our planned,
future growth is dependent on our ability to sell products and services to customers based outside the geographical area of our existing
sales. We have limited experience selling in many or all of the international markets we have targeted as part of our business plan.
If we fail to sell in new, international markets there can be no assurance of our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Defects
or errors with our software could adversely affect our business. 

Design
defects or software errors may delay software introductions or reduce the satisfaction level of clients and may have a materially adverse
effect on our business and results of operations. Our software is highly complex and may, from time to time, contain design defects or
software errors that may be difficult, time consuming and costly to detect and/or correct. Because both our clients and we use our software
to perform critical business functions, design defects, software errors or other potential problems within or outside of our control
may arise from the use of our software. It may also result in financial or other damages to our clients, for which we may be held responsible.
Although our license and other agreements with our clients may often contain provisions designed to limit our exposure to potential claims
and liabilities arising from client problems, these provisions may not effectively protect us against such claims in all cases and in
all jurisdictions. Claims and liabilities arising from client problems could result in monetary damages to us and could cause damage
to our reputation, adversely affecting our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

If
we do not effectively manage our contact center capacity, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Our
ability to profit from the global trend toward outsourcing depends largely on how effectively we manage our contact center capacity.
In order to create the additional capacity necessary to accommodate new or expanded outsourcing projects, we may need to open new contact
centers. The opening or expansion of a contact center may result, at least in the short-term, in idle capacity until we fully implement
the new or expanded program. We may also experience short-term and/or long-term fluctuations in client demand for services performed
in one or more of our contact centers. Short-term downward fluctuations may result in less than optimal site utilization for a period
of time. Longer-term downward fluctuations may result in site closures. As a result, we may not achieve or maintain targeted site utilization
levels, or site utilization levels may decrease over certain periods and our revenues and profitability may suffer. 

We
do not have an independent audit or compensation committee, the absence of which could lead to conflicts of interest of our officers
and directors and work as a detriment to our shareholders. 

We
do not have an independent audit or compensation committee. The absence of an independent audit and compensation committee could lead
to conflicts of interest of our officers and directors, which could work as a detriment to our shareholders. 

13 

If
we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent
fraud. As a result, current and potential shareholders could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which could harm our business
and the trading price of our Common Stock. 

Effective
internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reliable
financial reports or prevent fraud, our brand and operating results could be harmed. We will strive to adopt and implement effective
internal controls and maintain the effectiveness of our internal controls in the future; however, we cannot guarantee that our internal
controls will be effective. As a result, current and potential shareholders could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which could
harm our business and the trading price of our Common Stock. 

Our
compliance and risk management methods might not be effective and may result in outcomes that could adversely affect our reputation,
financial condition and operating results. 

Our
ability to comply with applicable complex and changing laws and rules, including anti-corruption laws, is largely dependent on our establishment
and maintenance of compliance, surveillance, audit and reporting systems, as well as our ability to attract and retain qualified compliance
and other risk management personnel. While we have policies and procedures to identify, monitor and manage our risks, we cannot assure
that our policies and procedures will always be effective or that we will always be successful in monitoring or evaluating the risks
to which we are or may be exposed or detecting if our employees and agents are engaging in misconduct, fraud or other errors. In addition,
some of our risk management methods depend upon evaluation of information regarding markets, customers or other matters that are publicly
available or otherwise accessible by us. That information may not in all cases be accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly evaluated.
In case of non-compliance or alleged non-compliance with applicable laws or regulations by us or our employees or agents, we could be
subject to investigations and proceedings that may be very expensive to defend and may result in substantial penalties or civil lawsuits,
including by customers, for damages which can be significant. Any of these outcomes would adversely affect our reputation, financial
condition and operating results. Further, the implementation of new legislation or regulations, or changes in or unfavorable interpretations
of existing regulations by courts or regulatory bodies, could require us to incur significant compliance costs and impede our ability
to operate, expand and enhance our products and services as necessary to remain competitive and grow our business, which could materially
and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
may not be able to predict our future tax liabilities. If we become subject to increased levels of taxation or if tax contingencies are
resolved adversely, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

Due
to the international nature of our operations, we are subject to the complex and varying tax laws and rules of several foreign jurisdictions.
We may not be able to predict the amount of future tax liabilities to which we may become subject due to some of these complexities if
our positions are challenged by local tax authorities. Any increase in the amount of taxation incurred as a result of challenges to our
tax filing positions or due to legislative or regulatory changes could result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operations and financial condition. We are subject to tax audits, including issues related to transfer pricing, in the United States
and other jurisdictions. We have material tax-related contingent liabilities that are difficult to predict or quantify. While we believe
that our current tax provisions are reasonable and appropriate, we assure you that these items will be settled for the amounts accrued
or that additional exposures will not be identified in the future or that additional tax reserves will not be provided for any such exposure. 

Our
intellectual property rights are valuable and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our brand and our business. 

Our
trade secrets, copyrights and our other intellectual property rights are important assets for us. We rely on copyright, trademark, patent
and trade secret laws, confidentiality procedures, controls and contractual commitments to protect our intellectual property rights.
Despite our efforts, these protections may be limited and could be expensive and time consuming to enforce. Unauthorized third parties
may try to copy or reverse engineer portions of our products or otherwise obtain and use our intellectual property. Any patents owned
by us may be invalidated, circumvented or challenged. Any of our pending or future patent applications, whether or not being currently
challenged, may not be issued with the scope of the claims we seek, if at all. In addition, the laws of some countries, including Sri
Lanka, do not provide the same level of protection of our intellectual property rights as do the laws and courts of the United States.
If we cannot protect our intellectual property rights against unauthorized copying or use, or other misappropriation, we may not remain
competitive. Any significant impairment of our intellectual property rights could harm our business or our ability to compete. 

14 

Third
parties may initiate legal proceedings alleging that we are infringing their intellectual property rights, the outcome of which would
be uncertain and could have a material adverse effect on the success of our business. 

We
may have lawsuits filed against us by others claiming infringement or other misuse of their intellectual property rights and/or breach
of our agreements with them. These third parties include entities that do not have the capabilities to design, manufacture, or distribute
products or services or that acquire intellectual property like patents for the sole purpose of monetizing their acquired intellectual
property through asserting claims of infringement and misuse. Responding to any such claim, regardless of its validity, could: 

be time consuming, costly
 and result in litigation; 

divert management s
 time and attention from developing our business; 

require us to pay monetary
 damages or enter into royalty and licensing agreements that we would not normally find acceptable; 

require us to stop selling
 or to redesign certain of our products; 

require us to release source
 code to third parties, possibly under open source license terms; 

require us to satisfy indemnification
 obligations to our customers; or 

otherwise adversely affect
 our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 

In
addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments and if
securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our
Common Stock 

Our
shareholders may be diluted significantly through our efforts to obtain financing, fund our operations and satisfy our obligations through
issuance of additional shares of our Common Stock. 

We
have no committed source of financing. We will likely have to issue additional shares of our Common Stock to fund our operations and
to implement our plan of operation. Wherever possible, our board of directors will attempt to use non-cash consideration to satisfy obligations.
Our board of directors has authority, without action or vote of the shareholders, to issue all or part of our authorized, but unissued,
shares of our Common Stock. Future issuances of shares of our Common Stock will result in dilution of the ownership interests of existing
shareholders, may further dilute Common Stock book value and that dilution may be material. 

The
marketability and profitability of our services is subject to unknown economic, political and market conditions, which could adversely
impact our business, financial condition, the marketability of our services and our profitability. 

Our
business is influenced by a range of factors that are beyond our control and that we have no comparative advantage in forecasting. These
include: 

general economic and business conditions; 

overall demand for enterprise cloud or software products
 and services; 

governmental budgetary constraints or shifts in government
 spending priorities; and 

general political developments. 

Any
general weakening of, and related declining corporate confidence in, the global economy or the curtailment of government or corporate
spending could cause current or potential customers to reduce or eliminate their IT budgets and spending, which could cause customers
to delay, decrease or cancel purchases of our products and services or cause customers not to pay us or to delay paying us for previously
purchased products and services. 

In
addition, political unrest and the related potential impact on global stability, terrorist attacks and the potential for other hostilities
in various parts of the world, potential public health crises and natural disasters continue to contribute to a climate of economic and
political uncertainty that could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition, including our revenue growth and
profitability. 

15 

Our
international sales and operations subject us to additional risks that can adversely affect our operating results. 

We
derive a substantial portion of our revenues from, and have significant operations, outside of the United States. Compliance with international
and U.S. laws and regulations that apply to our international operations increases our cost of doing business in foreign jurisdictions.
These laws and regulations include U.S. laws and local laws which include data privacy requirements, labor relations laws, tax laws,
anti-competition regulations, anti-corruption laws, prohibitions on payments to governmental officials, import and trade restrictions
and export requirements. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines, criminal sanctions against us, our officers
or our employees, and prohibitions on the conduct of our business. Any such violations could result in prohibitions on our ability to
offer our products and services in one or more countries, could delay or prevent potential acquisitions and could also materially damage
our reputation, our brand, our international expansion efforts, our ability to attract and retain employees, and our business and our
operating results. Compliance with these laws requires a significant amount of management attention and effort, which may divert management s
attention from running our business operations and could harm our ability to grow our business, or may increase our expenses as we engage
specialized or other additional resources to assist us with our compliance efforts. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to anticipate
these risks and manage these difficulties. We monitor our operations and investigate allegations of improprieties relating to transactions
and the way in which such transactions are recorded. Where circumstances warrant, we provide information and report our findings to government
authorities, but no assurance can be given that action will not be taken by such authorities. 

We
are also subject to a variety of other risks and challenges in managing an organization operating in various countries, including those
related to: 

general economic conditions
 in each country or region; 

fluctuations in currency
 exchange rates and related impacts to customer demand and our operating results; 

regulatory changes, including
 government austerity measures in certain countries that we may not be able to sufficiently plan for or avoid that may unexpectedly
 impair bank deposits or other cash assets that we hold in these countries or that impose additional taxes that we may be required
 to pay in these countries; 

political unrest, corruption,
 terrorism and the potential for other hostilities; 

common local business behaviors
 that are in direct conflict with our business ethics, practices and conduct policies; 

natural disasters, including
 earthquakes, tsunamis, hurricanes and flooding; 

longer payment cycles and
 difficulties in collecting accounts receivable; 

overlapping tax regimes; 

our ability to repatriate
 funds held by our foreign subsidiaries to the United States at favorable tax rates; 

public health risks, particularly
 in areas in which we have significant operations; 

reduced protection for
 intellectual property rights in some countries; and 

the impact of the COVID-19
 Coronavirus Global Pandemic on our business and customers. 

Among
other things, the variety of risks and challenges listed above could also disrupt or otherwise negatively impact the sales of our products
and services in affected countries or regions. 

Regional
conflicts or terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war in the United States, Sri Lanka, or other regions could adversely affect
financial markets, resulting in loss of client confidence and our ability to serve our clients which, in turn, could adversely affect
our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The
Asian region has from time to time experienced instances of civil unrest and hostilities among neighboring countries. Civil or political
unrest and military hostilities in Sri Lanka and other acts of violence or war, including those involving Sri Lanka, the United States,
or other countries, may adversely affect U.S. and worldwide financial markets. Prospective clients may wish to visit our facilities,
including our development centers in Sri Lanka, prior to reaching a decision on vendor selection. Terrorist threats, attacks and international
conflicts could make travel more difficult and cause potential clients to delay, postpone or cancel decisions to use our services. 

16 

In
addition, such attacks may have an adverse impact on our ability to operate effectively and may interrupt lines of communication and
restrict our offshore resources from traveling onsite to client locations, effectively curtailing our ability to deliver our services
to our clients. These obstacles may increase our expenses and negatively affect our operating results. Historically, conflicts within
Sri Lanka, despite the current cessation of hostilities, could create a greater perception that the acquisition of services from companies
with significant Sri Lankan operations involves a higher degree of risk that could adversely affect client confidence in Sri Lanka as
a software development center, each of which would have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Fluctuations
in currency exchange rates could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
operations are primarily international and we earn our revenues and incur our expenses in multiple currencies. Doing business in different
foreign currencies exposes us to foreign currency risks, including risks related to revenues and receivables, compensation of personnel,
purchases and capital expenditures. The majority of our revenues are in U.S. dollars and Sri Lankan rupees. However, some of our expenses
are denominated in Singapore dollars and other local currencies. To the extent that we increase our business and revenues which are denominated
in currencies other than U.S. dollars and Sri Lankan rupees, we will also increase our receivables denominated in those other currencies
and, therefore, also increase our exposure to fluctuations in their exchange rates against the U.S. dollar (our reporting currency) or
the Sri Lankan rupee. Similarly, any capital expenditures, such as for computer equipment, which are payable in the local currencies
of the countries in which we operate, but are imported to such countries, and any deposits we hold in local currencies, can be materially
affected by depreciation of the local currencies against the U.S. dollar or Sri Lankan rupee, and the effect of such depreciation on
the local economy. Certain foreign currency exposures, to some extent, are naturally offset on a consolidated basis. However, if our
international operations continue to grow, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could materially impact our results of operations
and financial condition. 

Because
our officers and directors reside outside of the United States, it may be difficult for an investor to enforce any right based on U.S.
federal or state securities laws against the Company and/or any of our officers or directors, or to enforce a judgment rendered by a
court in the United States against the Company or any of our officers or directors. 

None
of our officers or directors is a resident of the United States. Therefore, it may be difficult for our U.S. shareholders to (i) enforce
any right or claim based on U.S. federal or state securities laws against the Company and/or any of our officers or directors, (ii) effect
service of process on any of our officers or directors in the United States or in foreign countries in which we maintain assets and/or
in which any of our officers or directors reside or may be found, (iii) enforce any judgment rendered by a court in the United States
against the Company or any of our officers or directors; or (iv) bring an original action in foreign courts such as Singapore and Sri
Lanka, where our assets, officers and directors are located, to enforce liabilities based on U.S. federal or state securities laws against
the Company or any of our officers or directors. As a result, it may be difficult or impossible for an investor to bring an action against
our officers or directors in the event that an investor believes that such investor s rights have been infringed upon under the
federal or state securities laws of the United States or otherwise. Even if an investor is successful in bringing an action of this kind,
the courts of other countries may rule that the investor is unable to enforce a judgment against the assets of the Company located outside
the territorial limits of the United States or the assets of the officers or directors located outside the territorial limits of the
United States. As a result, our shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests and investments in the Company through
actions against our management, directors or officers, compared to shareholders of a corporation doing business in, and a corporation
and its officers and directors maintaining assets in, and residing in the United States. 

Any
U.S. or foreign judgment that may be obtained against us may be difficult or impossible to enforce in the United States, Singapore or
Sri Lanka. 

Although
we are a Nevada corporation, subject to suit in the United States and other courts in the United States, most of our assets are located
in Singapore and Sri Lanka and our officers and directors and their assets are located outside the United States. Judgments obtained
in the United States or in other foreign courts, including those with respect to U.S. federal or state securities laws claims, may not
be enforceable in Singapore, Sri Lanka or any other country in which we or our officers or directors maintain assets. Therefore, it may
be difficult or impossible to enforce any U.S. or other foreign judgment obtained against us or our officers or directors or any of our
operating subsidiaries in Singapore, Sri Lanka or any other country in which we maintain assets. 

17 

Risks
Related to an Investment in our Securities 

Because
one of our shareholders owns a majority of the shares of our Common Stock and 5,000,000 shares of our Series A Preferred
Stock, he will be able to exert significant influence over our corporate decisions that may be disadvantageous to our minority shareholders. 

Our
President and Chief Executive Officer, Muhunthan Canagasooryam, currently owns a majority of the shares of our Common Stock and 5,000,000
shares of our Series A Preferred Stock, which allows him to cast controlling votes on any and all matters submitted to
our shareholders for a vote. As a result of his ownership position, Mr. Canagasooryam will be able to elect all of our directors and
control the vote on any matter brought before a meeting of our shareholders. The interests of Mr. Canagasooryam may differ from the interests
of our minority shareholders. Such control by Mr. Canagasooryam could be disadvantageous to our minority shareholders, who would have
little say in the election of our directors, any amendment of our certificate of incorporation or by-laws, any acquisition or merger
transaction in which we may become involved, and any other matter submitted to our shareholders for vote. 

Our
compliance with changing laws and rules regarding corporate governance and public disclosure may result in additional expenses to us
which, in turn, may have an adverse effect on our operations. 

Keeping
abreast of, and in compliance with, changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure,
including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, new SEC regulations and the rules of the PINK on OTC Markets SEC-registered Alternative
Trading System, OTC Link ATS, an interdealer quotation and trade messaging system, or any other automated quotation system or stock
exchange upon which our shares of Common Stock are listed will require an increased amount of management attention and external resources.
We intend to continue to invest all reasonably necessary resources to comply with evolving standards, which may result in increased general
and administrative expenses estimated to be between 60,000 and 75,000 per year and a diversion of management time and attention from
revenue-generating activities to compliance and disclosure activities. This could have an adverse impact on our operations. 

18 

Trading
in our securities could be subject to extreme price fluctuations that could adversely affect your investment. 

Historically
speaking, the market prices for securities of small publicly traded companies have been highly volatile. Publicized events and announcements
may have a significant impact on the market price of our Common Stock. 

In
addition, the stock market from time to time experiences extreme price and volume fluctuations that particularly affect the market prices
for small publicly traded companies and which are often unrelated to the operating performance of the affected companies. 

Since
we intend to retain any earnings for development of our business for the foreseeable future, you will likely not receive any dividends
for the foreseeable future, and capital appreciation, if any, will be the source of gain for our shareholders. 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain our future earnings, if any, to support
our operations and to finance expansion and therefore we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our Common Stock in the foreseeable
future. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our Common Stock will be the sole source of gain for our shareholders for the foreseeable
future. 

We
may be exposed to potential risks resulting from new requirements under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

Pursuant
to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we are required, to include in our Annual Reports on Form 10-K our assessment of the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of such fiscal years. 

In
addition, if we fail to achieve and maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, as such standards are modified, supplemented or amended
from time to time, we may not be able to insure that we can conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal controls over
financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Moreover, effective internal controls, particularly those
related to revenue recognition, are necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports and are important to help prevent financial
fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our business and operating results could be harmed, investors
could lose confidence in our reported financial information and the trading price of our Common Stock could drop significantly. 

Our
amended articles of incorporation provide for indemnification of officers and directors at our expense and limit their liability, which
may result in a major cost to us and hurt the interests of our shareholders because corporate resources may be expended for the benefits
of officers and/or directors. 

Our
articles of incorporation and applicable Nevada laws provide for the indemnification of our directors, officers, employees and agents
under certain circumstances, against attorney s fees and other expenses incurred by them in any litigation to which they become
a party arising from their association with or activities on our behalf. We will also bear the expenses of such litigation for any of
our directors, officers, employees or agents, upon such person s written promise to repay us, therefore, even if it is ultimately
determined that any such person shall not have been entitled to indemnification. This indemnification policy could result in substantial
expenditures by us that we may be unable to recoup. 

We
have been advised that, in the opinion of the SEC, indemnification for liabilities arising under federal securities laws is against public
policy and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification for liabilities arising under federal securities
laws, other than the payment by us of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person in the successful defense
of any action, suit or proceeding, is asserted by a director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered,
we will (unless in the opinion of our counsel, the matter has been settled by controlling precedent) submit to a court of appropriate
jurisdiction, the question of whether indemnification by us is against public policy as expressed by the SEC and will be governed by
the final adjudication of such issue. The legal process relating to this matter, if it were to occur, is likely to be very costly and
may result is us receiving negative publicity, either of which factors is likely to materially reduce the market price for our shares. 

19 

There
currently is a limited public trading market for our securities, and we cannot predict the future prices or the amount of liquidity of
our Common Stock. 

Currently,
there is a limited public market for our Common Stock. Our Common Stock is quoted on the Pink on the OTC Markets SEC-registered
Alternative Trading System, OTC Link ATS, an interdealer quotation and trade messaging system, under the symbol DUUO. 
The Pink is not a liquid market in contrast to the major stock exchanges. The quotation of our Common Stock on the Pink does
not guarantee that a meaningful, consistent and liquid trading market exist or will develop. 

If
an active market for our Common Stock does not develop, the fair market value of our Common Stock could be materially adversely affected.
We cannot predict the future prices of our Common Stock. Further, there can be no assurance that we will ever consummate a public offering
of any of our securities, list or trade our securities on a national exchange, or have sufficient funds available to redeem our securities
if desired. Accordingly, investors must bear the economic risk of an investment in the securities for an indefinite period of time. Even
if an active market develops for our securities, Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, which provides for an exemption from
the registration requirements under the Securities Act under certain conditions, requires, among other conditions, for resales of securities
acquired in a non-public offering without having to satisfy such registration requirements, a six-month holding period following acquisition
of and payment in full for such securities assuming the issuer of such securities has filed periodic reports with the SEC under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), for a period of 90 days prior to the proposed sale. If the issuer
of such securities has not made such filings, such securities will be subject to a one year holding period before they can be resold
under Rule 144. There can be no assurance that we will fulfill any reporting requirements in the future under the Exchange Act or disseminate
to the public any current financial or other information concerning us, as is required by Rule 144 as part of the conditions of its availability. 

Our
Common Stock may be subject to the penny stock rules which may make it more difficult to sell our Common Stock. 

The
SEC has adopted regulations which generally define a penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price, as
defined, less than 5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. Our securities may
be covered by the penny stock rules, which impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell to persons other
than established customers and accredited investors, such as institutions with assets in excess of 5,000,000 or an individual with net
worth in excess of 1,000,000 or annual income exceeding 200,000 or 300,000 jointly with his or her spouse. For transactions covered
by this rule, the broker-dealers must make a special suitability determination for the purchase and receive the purchaser s written
agreement of the transaction prior to the sale. Consequently, the rule may affect the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities
and also affect the ability of our shareholders to sell their shares in the secondary market. 

FINRA
sales practice requirements may also limit a shareholder s ability to buy and sell our Common Stock. 

In
addition to the penny stock rules described above, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA has
adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing
that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative, low priced securities to their non-institutional
customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status,
investment objectives, and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that
speculative, low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. The FINRA requirements may make it more difficult
for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our Common Stock, which may limit your ability to buy and sell our Common Stock
and have an adverse effect on the market for our shares of Common Stock. 

20 

There
are risks associated with forward-looking statements 

This
Annual Report contains certain forward-looking statements regarding management s plans and objectives for future operations including
plans and objectives relating to our planned marketing efforts and future economic performance. The forward-looking statements and associated
risks set forth in this Annual Report include or relate to, among other things, (a) our projected sales and profitability, (b) our growth
strategies, (c) anticipated trends in our industry, (d) our ability to obtain and retain sufficient capital for future operations and
our anticipated needs for working capital. These statements may be found under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations and Description of Business, in this Annual Report, as well as in this Annual
Report, generally. Actual events or results may differ materially from those discussed in forward-looking statements as a result of various
factors, including, without limitation, the risks outlined under Risk Factors and matters described in this Annual Report,
generally. In light of these risks and uncertainties, there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements contained in this
Annual Report will, in fact, occur. 

For
all of the foregoing reasons and other reasons set forth herein, an investment in our securities in any market that may develop in the
future will involve a high degree of risk. 

CAUTIONARY
STATEMENTS REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report contains forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future events or future financial performance and involve
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause Duo World s or our industry s actual results, levels
of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements
expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 

In
some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, will, should, 
 expects, plans, anticipates, believes, estimates, predicts, 
 potential, or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions. Actual
events or results may differ materially. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable,
we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. We are under no duty to update any of the forward-looking
statements after the date of this Annual Report to confirm our prior statements to actual results. 

Further,
this Annual Report contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Such statements include, without
limitation, all statements as to expectation or belief and statements as to our future results of operations, the progress of any product
development, the need for, and timing of, additional capital and capital expenditures, partnering prospects, the protection of and the
need for additional intellectual property rights, effects of regulations, the need for additional facilities and potential market opportunities. 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

Not
applicable. 

21 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES. 

Description
of Property 

Duo
World Inc. is currently using office facilities at the Regus Centre in Nevada and is located at 170 S Green Valley Parkway, Suite 300,
Henderson, NV 89012. 

The
subsidiary in Sri Lanka is located at No. 6, Charles Terrace, Off Alfred Road, Colombo 03, Sri Lanka on a rented office property. The
company occupies two floors, with 2,400 square feet on each floor (total of 4,800 square feet) at a monthly rental of U.S. 552 per month. 

Our
board of directors must approve any rental arrangement and ensure that it is fair to the Company. 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

We
are not subject to any pending or threatened litigation. 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S
 COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

During
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, the Company s Common Stock was not traded. 

During
February 2017, the Company s Common Stock started being quoted on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board under the symbol DUUO.OB. 
However, no shares of our Common Stock were sold in February or March 2017. The market for the Company s Common Stock is limited,
volatile and sporadic and the price of the Company s Common Stock could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to quarterly
variations in operating results, news announcements, trading volume, sales of Common Stock by officers, directors and principal shareholders
of the Company, general market trends, changes in the supply and demand for the Company s shares, and other factors. The following
table sets forth the high and low sales prices for each quarter relating to the Company s Common Stock for the last two fiscal
years. These quotations reflect inter-dealer prices without retail mark-up, markdown, or commissions, and may not reflect actual transactions. 

Fiscal 2023 
 High 
 Low 
 
 First Quarter(1) 
 0.019 
 0.019 
 
 Second Quarter (1) 
 0.013 
 0.013 
 
 Third Quarter(1) 
 0.019 
 0.009 
 
 Fourth Quarter (1) 
 0.011 
 0.011 

Fiscal 2022 
 High 
 Low 
 
 First Quarter(1) 
 0.150 
 0.103 
 
 Second Quarter(1) 
 0.250 
 0.200 
 
 Third Quarter(1) 
 0.030 
 0.030 
 
 Fourth Quarter (1) 
 0.040 
 0.040 

(1) 
 This represents the closing
 bid information for the stock on the PINK . The bid and ask quotations represent prices between dealers and do not include retail
 markup, markdown or commission. They do not represent actual transactions and have not been adjusted for stock dividends or splits. 

22 

The
Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted Rule 15g-9 which establishes the definition of a penny stock, for purposes
relevant to us, as any equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than 5.00
per share, subject to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require: (i) that a broker
or dealer approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks and (ii) the broker or dealer receive from the investor a
written agreement to the transaction, setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. In order to approve
a person s account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must (i) obtain financial information and investment
experience and objectives of the person; and (ii) make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable
for that person and that person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of
transactions in penny stocks. The broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule
prepared by the Commission relating to the penny stock market, which, in highlight form, (i) sets forth the basis on which the broker
or dealer made the suitability determination and (ii) that the broker or dealer received a signed, written agreement from the investor
prior to the transaction. Disclosure also has to be made about the risks of investing in penny stocks in both public offerings and in
secondary trading, and about commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for
the securities and the rights and remedies available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally, monthly statements
have to be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in
penny stocks. 

Shareholders
should be aware that, according to SEC Release No. 34-29093 dated April 17, 1991, the market for penny stocks has suffered in recent
years from patterns of fraud and abuse. Such patterns include (1) control of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers
that are often related to the promoter or issuer; (2) manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and
false and misleading press releases; (3) boiler room practices involving high-pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections
by inexperienced sales persons; (4) excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differential and markups by selling broker dealers; and (5) the
wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired level, along
with the resulting inevitable collapse of those prices and with consequent investor losses. The occurrence of these patterns or practices
could increase the volatility of our share price. 

Our
management is aware of the abuses that have occurred historically in the penny stock market. 

HOLDERS .
As of the date of this filing, there were 30 record holders of the shares of the Company s issued and outstanding Common Stock,
and one record holder of the shares of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock. 

DIVIDENDS .
The Company has not paid any cash dividends to date and does not anticipate or contemplate paying dividends in the foreseeable future.
It is the present intention of management to utilize all available funds for the development of the Company s business. 

RECENT
ISSUANCES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES 

During
the period ended March 31, 2023, the Company has issued Common shares of 14,265,942 for the value of 117,000. The 117,000 consists
of 45,000 of promissory notes which were converted into common shares and 72,000 of fresh common share issuances to a private investor. 

The
above issuances of shares were made in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

ISSUER
REPURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

None. 

ITEM 6. 
 [Reserved]. 

Not
applicable. 

23 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION
 AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION. 

CAUTIONARY
FORWARD - LOOKING STATEMENT 

The
following discussion and analysis of the results of operations and financial condition of Duo World, Inc. should be read in conjunction
with our financial statements and related notes. References to we, our, or us in this section
refers to the Company and its subsidiaries. Our discussion includes forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve
risks and uncertainties, such as our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions. We use words such as anticipate, estimate, 
 plan, project, continuing, ongoing, expect, believe, 
 intend, may, will, should, could, and similar expressions to identify
forward-looking statements. 

Certain
matters discussed herein may contain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Such risks and uncertainties
include, but are not limited to, the following: 

the volatile and competitive nature of our industry,

the uncertainties surrounding the rapidly evolving
 markets in which we compete, 

the uncertainties surrounding technological change
 of the industry, 

our dependence on its intellectual property rights,

the success of marketing efforts by third parties, 

the changing demands of customers, and 

the arrangements with present and future customers
 and third parties. 

Should
one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize or should any of the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results of
current and future operations may vary materially from those anticipated. 

Our
MD A is comprised of the following sections: 

A.
Business Overview 

B.
Critical Accounting Policies 

C.
Results of operations for the years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 

D.
Financial condition as at March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 

E.
Liquidity and capital reserves 

F.
Milestones for next twelve months 

A.
 Business overview 

Duo
World Inc. (hereinafter referred to as Successor or Duo a private company, was organized under the laws
of the state of Nevada on September 19, 2014. Duo Software (Pvt.) Limited (hereinafter referred to as DSSL or Predecessor ),
a Sri Lanka based company, was incorporated on September 22, 2004, in the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka, as a limited liability
company. Duo Software (Pte.) Limited (hereinafter referred to as DSS or Predecessor ), a Singapore based company,
was incorporated on June 5, 2007 in the Republic of Singapore as a limited liability company. DSS also includes its wholly-owned subsidiary,
Duo Software India (Private) Limited (India) which was incorporated on August 30, 2007, under the laws of India and the Company is struck-
off as of March 31, 2022. Dial Desk (Pte) Limited (hereinafter referred to as DDPL or Predecessor ), a Singapore
based company, was incorporated on September 22, 2022 in the Republic of Singapore as a limited liability company. Duo World Canada Inc,
was a wholly owned subsidiary of Duo World Inc. incorporated under the laws of Canada (Canada Business Corporations Act.) on June 08,
2020. The Duo World Canada is closed as at March 31, 2023. 

24 

Effective
December 3, 2014, DSSL and DSS executed a reverse recapitalization with Duo. Duo (Successor) is a holding company that conducts operations
through its wholly owned subsidiaries DSSL and DSS (Predecessors) in Sri Lanka and Singapore. 

Duo
World has its registered office in Nevada, United States, and its development center in Colombo, Sri Lanka. Duo World specializes in
the space of Customer Life Cycle Management Contact Center solutions and Subscriber Management System and Billing for Pay-Tv operators
in the Asia Pacific Region. Driven by innovation, Duo World has served the enterprises in many ways, including efficiency, cost reduction,
revenue optimization and continuous value addition to their product or service offerings. 

Duo
World s Customer Life Cycle and Contact Center solution is being used by some of the largest banks, largest retail chains and largest
financial conglomerates in Sri Lanka. 

Our
authorized capital consists of 400,000,000 shares of common stock having a par value of 0.001 per share and 10,000,000 shares of preferred
stock having a par value of 0.001. 

B.
 Critical Accounting Policies: 

We
prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of consolidated financial statements also requires
us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses and related
disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the
circumstances. Actual results could differ significantly from the estimates made by our management. To the extent that there are differences
between our estimates and actual results, our future financial statement presentation, financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows will be affected. We believe that the accounting policies discussed below are critical to understanding our historical and
future performance, as these policies relate to the more significant areas involving management s judgments and estimates. 

Critical
accounting policies and estimates are those that we consider the most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results
of operations because they require our most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates
about the effect of the matters that are inherently uncertain. 

Revenue
Recognition 

The
Company recognizes revenue from the sale of software licenses and related services. The Company s revenue recognition policy follows
guidance from Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 606, Revenue from contract with customers. Revenue is recognized when the Company
transferred promised goods and services to the customer and in the amount that reflect the consideration to which the company expected
to be entitled in exchange for those goods and services. 

The
following five steps are followed in recognizing revenue from contracts: 

Identify the contract with the customer; 

Identify the performance obligation of the contract; 

Determine the transaction price; 

Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations
 in the contract and; 

Recognize revenue when or as the company satisfies
 a performance obligation. 

25 

The
consideration for the transaction (performance obligation(s) is determined as per the agreement or contract or invoice for the services
and products. 

Facetone 

Facetone 
is a communication and collaboration platform, which provides users the capability of operating and running a high-performance contact
center operation efficiently while saving cost and maximizing revenue opportunities. In-built FaceTone CRM feature provides the opportunity
for contact centers to deliver a superior customer experience and build a better relationship by linking customers and data in real time. 

Smoothflow 

Smoothflow
automates customer engagements, including building ChatBots, VoiceBots and IoTBots to deliver an Omni channel customer service experience.
The product uses the power of artificial intelligence to keep improving the conversational flow and user experience. 

DialDesk 

DialDesk
is a SaaS contact center software which caters the SME segment of the market with its low cost, cloud based platform. Businesses can
buy their virtual number from DialDesk and set up their contact center within few minutes. With its easy to uses user interface and agility
DialDesk will help businesses improve the productivity of their contact center operations. 

Revenue
is recognized upon transfer of control of promised products or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration we
expect to receive in exchange for those products or services. We enter into contracts that can include various combinations of products
and services, which are generally capable of being distinct and accounted for as separate performance obligations. Revenue is recognized
net of allowances for returns and any taxes collected from customers, which are subsequently remitted to governmental authorities. 

Nature
of Products and Services 

Licenses
for on premise software licenses . The Company sells a perpetual nonexclusive license to the customer and enable customer to install
and use the software and its documentation. Price per customer varies based on the selection of the products licensed, the number of
site installations and the number of authorized users. The product offered on this basis is Facetone-enterprise. 

Hosted
and reseller solutions . The Company distributes its software product Facetone-hosted version with third party telecommunication
companies. It is a revenue model where the Telecommunication provider hosts DUO s software applications on its platform, and makes
it available to its customers over the Internet for a monthly subscription fee. The Company charges telecommunication service providers
a monthly license fee calculated according to the number of licenses sold. 

Cloud
Services . The Company sells its product Smoothflow as a SaaS product (Software-as-a-Service) and services are provided
for a monthly subscription. 

Annual
maintenance contracts . The Company offers annual maintenance programs for the on premises solution licenses sold and
this provides for technical support and updates to the Company s software solutions. Initial annual maintenance fees are bundled
with license fees in the initial licensing period and recognized when the performance obligation of license fee is met. Revenue is recognized
ratably, or daily, over the term of the maintenance period, which is typically one year. 

26 

Provisions 

A
provision is recognized when the Company has present obligations as a result of past event, it is probable that an outflow of resources
embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligations and reliable estimate can be made of amount of the obligation.
Provisions are not discounted at their present value and are determined based on the best estimate required to settle the obligation
at the reporting date. These estimates are reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted to reflect the current best estimates. 

Income
Taxes 

The
Company accounts for income taxes using the asset and liability method. Under the asset and liability method, deferred tax assets and
liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts
of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carry forwards. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences
are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in
income in the period that includes the enactment date. 

Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk 

We
are exposed to financial market risks, primarily changes in interest rates. Market risk is the potential loss arising from adverse changes
in market rates and prices. 

Foreign
Currency Exchange Risk 

Our
results of operations and cash flows are subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. All of our revenues
are normally generated in U.S. dollars or Sri Lankan rupees. Our expenses are generally denominated in the currencies in which our operations
are located, which are primarily in Asia and to a lesser extent in the U.S. Our results of operations and cash flows are, therefore,
subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates and may be adversely affected in the future due to changes
in foreign exchange rates. To date, we have not engaged in any foreign currency hedging strategies. As our international operations grow,
we plan to generate revenues in foreign currencies and we will continue to reassess our approach to manage our risk relating to fluctuations
in currency rates. 

Inflation 

We
do not believe that inflation had a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations in the last three fiscal
years. If our costs were to become subject to significant inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs
through price increases. Our inability or failure to do so could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

27 

C.
Results of operations for the years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022: 

In
March 2020, the outbreak of the COVID-19 Coronavirus caused by a novel strain of the coronavirus was recognized as a Global Pandemic
by the World Health Organization, and the outbreak has become increasingly widespread all over the World, including the geographical
locations in which our Company and our subsidiaries operate and sell our products and services. The COVID-19 Coronavirus Pandemic has
and will continue affecting economies and businesses around the World. The Company continues to closely monitor the impact of the COVID-19
Coronavirus outbreak. The impacts of the Pandemic could be material, but, due to the evolving nature of this situation, we are not able
at this time to estimate the impact on our current financial, operational or future financial results. Among the factors that could impact
our results are: effectiveness of COVID-19 Coronavirus mitigation measures, development of effective vaccines and boosters (if deemed
necessary), development of effective therapeutics, global and regional economic conditions, reduced business and consumer spending due
to both job losses and reduced investment activity, and other factors beyond our control. 

The
Company had revenues amounting to 50,564 and 94,312, respectively, for the years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022. Following
is a breakdown of revenue for both years: 

Product 
 March 31, 2023 
 March 31, 2022 
 Change 

Facetone 
 41,697 
 78,409 
 (36,712 
 
 Software hosting and reselling 
 8,867 
 15,903 
 (7,036 

50,564 
 94,312 
 (43,748 

Total
revenue for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 decreased by 43,748 when compared to fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. The decrease
is mainly due to the adverse economic condition. 

28 

For
the years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, the Company had the following concentrations of revenue with customers: 

Customer 
 March 31, 2023 
 March 31, 2022 

A 
 27.25 
 28.61 
 
 B 
 23.03 
 28.10 
 
 C 
 24.80 
 20.91 
 
 D 
 14.45 
 12.08 
 
 Other Misc. customers 
 10.47 
 10.30 

100.00 
 100.00 

The
total cost of sales amounted to 29,451 and 84,514 for the years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 respectively. The following
table presents the Company s cost of sales breakdown for both years: 

March 31, 2023 
 March 31, 2022 
 Change 

Amortization of product development 
 23,843 
 57,862 
 (34,019 
 
 Developer support and implementation 
 4,854 
 20,383 
 (15,529 
 
 Purchases 
 613 
 5,283 
 (4,670 
 
 Consultancy, contract basis employee cost 
 - 
 794 
 (794 
 
 Cost of services 
 141 
 192 
 (51 

29,451 
 84,514 
 (55,063 

Cost
of sales decreased by 55,063 in the year ended March 31, 2023 when compared to the year ended March 31, 2022. Major component of decrease
in cost of sales is due to decrease in Amortization of product development. 

The
gross income for the years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 amounted to 21,113 and 9,798, respectively. 

29 

The
total operating expenditure amounted to 253,772 and 279,858 for the years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31 2022, respectively. Total
operating expenditure decreased for the year ended March 31, 2023 when compared to March 31, 2022. The Company recorded reductions in
allowance for bad debts in 2023. The following table sets forth the Company s operating expenditure analysis for both years: 

March 31, 2023 
 March 31, 2022 
 Change 

General and administrative 
 164,261 
 155,178 
 9,082 
 
 Salaries and casual wages 
 33,601 
 28,436 
 5,166 
 
 Selling and distribution 
 8,315 
 676 
 7,639 
 
 Depreciation 
 3,428 
 1,087 
 2,341 
 
 Amortization of web site development 
 2,133 
 2,836 
 (703 
 
 Write off product development cost 
 39,803 
 - 
 39,803 
 
 Allowance for bad debts 
 2,231 
 91,645 
 (89,414 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 253,772 
 279,858 
 (26,086 

Following
are the main reasons for the variances in operating expenses of the Company: 

General
and Administrative Cost 

During
the year ended March 31, 2023, general and administrative costs decreased by 6 when compared to the year ended March 31, 2022. 

Salaries
and benefits 

Salaries
and benefits increased by 18 during the year ended March 31, 2023, when compared with the same period in 2022, due to the increase in
number of permanent employees. 

Selling
and distribution 

There
was an increase of 7,639 in selling and distribution activities in the year ended March 31, 2023 when compared to the same period in
2022 due to the advertising expenses incurred in Dial Desk Pte Limited. 

30 

Depreciation
and amortization of web site development cost 

Depreciation
and amortization expense increased by 1,638 during the year ended March 31, 2023, when compared to the year ended March 31, 2022. 

Allowance
for bad debts 

Allowance
for bad debts has decreased by 89,414 in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, when compared to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022
due to the recovery of the outstanding. 

The
loss from operations for the year ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 amounted to 232,659 and 270,060, respectively. 

The
Company s other income and (expenses) for the year ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 amounted to 893,437 and 63,445),
respectively. The following table sets forth the Company s other income and (expenses) analysis for both years: 

March 31, 2023 
 March 31, 2022 
 Change 

Interest expense 
 (28,614 
 (25,320 
 (3,294 
 
 Other income 
 53,778 
 6,462 
 47,316 
 
 Gain / (Loss) on disposals 
 1,932 
 - 
 1,932 
 
 Bank charges 
 (369 
 (1,155 
 786 
 
 Exchange gain/ (loss) 
 (22,665 
 (6,682 
 (15,983 
 
 Write off liabilities 
 1,776,694 
 - 
 1,776,694 
 
 Write off assets 
 (887,319 
 - 
 (887,319 
 
 Promissory notes discount 
 - 
 (36,750 
 36,750 
 
 Total other income 
 893,437 
 (63,445 
 956,882 

Other
income increased by 956,882 during the year ended March 31, 2023 as compared to the other income of the year ended March 31, 2022. This
increase was primarily due to the write off of the liabilities during the reporting period. 

The
Profit/ (loss) before provision for income taxes for the years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 amounted to 660,778 and (333,505),
respectively. 

The
net Profit/ (loss) for the years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 amounted to 667,005 and (333,505), respectively. 

The
Company s comprehensive Profit/ (loss) for the years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 amounted to 814,629 and
 363,872, respectively. 

Comprehensive Income / (Loss): 
 March 31, 2023 
 March 31, 2022 
 
 Gain / (loss) on foreign currency translation 
 147,624 
 697,377 
 
 Net loss 
 667,005 
 (333,505 
 
 Comprehensive loss 
 814,629 
 (363,872 

31 

For
the years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, the Company had 88,375,838 and 74,109,896, common shares issued and outstanding, respectively.
The weighted average number of shares for the years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 was 79,712,989 and 68,671,144, respectively.
The Profit/ (loss) per share for both years was 0.01 per share and (0.00) per share, respectively. 

D.
 Financial condition as at March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022: 

Assets: 

The
Company reported total assets of 466,859 and 361,133, as at March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, respectively. 52 of total assets are
comprised of intangible assets, 22 of the total assets are comprised of goodwill, 16 of these total assets include prepaid expenses
and other current assets and 4 of total assets include Cash and cash equivalents. Our property and equipment include office equipment,
computer equipment (Data Processing Equipment), furniture and fittings, web site developments and improvement to lease- hold assets having
a total net book value of 10,545 and 4,087 as at March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, respectively. Furthermore, our current assets at
March 31, 2022 totaled 105,607 and as at March 31, 2023, these current assets amounted to 95,073 comprised of cash of 18,712, accounts
receivable of 1,683, prepaid and other current assets of 73,904 and accrued revenue of 774. 

Liabilities: 

The
Company had total liabilities of 2,289,522 and 3,220,593, as at March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, respectively. Long term liabilities
include balances owed to related parties which are outstanding for more than 12 months. Our current liabilities at March 31, 2022 totaled
 2,110,920. We have seen an 18 decrease in current liabilities amounting to 385,301 making total current liabilities of 1,725,619,
as at March 31, 2023. These mainly include short term third party debt, payroll liabilities, payable to related parties, taxes payable,
accrued liabilities and our day to day operational creditors. 

Shareholder s
Deficit: 

At
March 31, 2022, the Company had shareholders deficit of 2,859,460. At March 31, 2023, the Company had shareholders deficit
of 1,822,663, which represents a decrease of 1,036,797. 

The
Company had 88,375,838 and 74,109,896, common shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, respectively and had
5,000,000 preferred shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, respectively. 

E.
Liquidity and capital reserves: 

The
Company had loss from operations of 232,659 and 270,060 for the years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, respectively; a total
other income/ (expense) amounting to 893,437 and 63,445) for the year ended March 31, 2023, and March 31, 2022, respectively; and a
net Profit/ (loss) of 667,005 and 333,505) for the year ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, respectively. 

In
summary, our cash flows for the years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 were as follows: 

March 31, 2023 
 March 31, 2022 
 
 Net cash provided by / (used in) operating activities 
 (207,136 
 (1,103,076 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (93,932 
 (762 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 117,000 
 541,850 

Since
inception, we have financed our operations primarily through internally generated funds and the use of our lines of credit with financial
institutions. We had 18,712 in cash; net cash provided by operations of 207,136) for the year ended March 31, 2023; working capital
deficit of 1,630,546 and shareholders deficit of 1,822,663 as of March 31, 2023. 

32 

F.
Milestones for next twelve months (2023-2024): 

Our
specific plan of operations and milestones through March 2024 are as follows: 

1) 
 New
 Cloud Product 

The
 company is now ready to capitalize on the opportunities that have risen post-Covid for communication and collaboration software
 products. The new cloud product DialDesk had its soft launch on October 5, 2022 and currently the company is building brand awareness.
 The product is initially being marketed online to the south east Asian market, as a test market. DialDesk will be marketed to other
 markets thereafter. This will enable us to reach new geographical locations where we do not have physical presence or partnerships.

2) 
 Geographical
 Expansion with Facetone 

We
 have signed partnership agreements with systems integrators and resellers in Sri Lanka and are in the process of signing with a few
 others in the region to promote Facetone 

3) 
 Knowledge
 Capital, Learning and Innovation. 

Our
 greatest strength is our human capital. We have the ability to continue to innovate and set trends within the industries in which
 we operate, due to our ability to innovate and create value in our products. 

Our
 management intends to: 

Continue
 to empower and create value for our human capital; 

Encourage
 disruptive technologies; 

Provide
 greater opportunities for knowledge sharing; and 

Sponsor
 and motivate learning and adoption of new technologies 

4) 
 Financial
 Performance 

We
 intend to provide value for all our shareholders by: 

Increase
 revenue by marketing the new products and the existing products via partnerships and resellers, efficiently manage operations and
 break-even. 

Increasing
 free cash flow and efficiently managing the use of funds; 

Capitalizing
 on the opportunities presented by the pandemic, for SaaS products that help organizations operate remotely. 

Providing
 capital appreciation. 

5) 
 Corporate
 Social Responsibility 

Our
 wholly-owned subsidiary, Duo Software (Pvt.) Ltd., was Asia s first software development company to be certified Carbon Neutral
 in 2011. 

We
intend to be environmentally friendly, and continue with the carbon foot print audit and Carbon Neutral Certification in future. 

33 

ITEM
 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

Our
financial statements and supplementary data may be found beginning at page F-1. 

ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
 9A. 
 CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES. 

EVALUATION
OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

As
of the end of the period covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our
Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls
and procedures. Based on this evaluation, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) were effective. 

MANAGEMENT S
REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain
 to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

(2) 
 provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 U.S. GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with the authorization of our management and
 directors; and 

(3) 
 provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
 could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

34 

Management
assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023. In making this assessment, management
used the framework set forth in the report entitled Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission, or COSO. The COSO framework summarizes each of the components of a company s internal
control system, including (i) the control environment, (ii) risk assessment, (iii) control activities, (iv) information and communication,
and (v) monitoring. This annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal
control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant
to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permits us to provide only management s report in this Annual
Report. 

IDENTIFIED
MATERIAL WEAKNESSES AND SIGNIFICANT DEFICIENCIES 

A
material weakness is a control deficiency, or combination of control deficiencies, that results in more than a remote likelihood that
a material misstatement of the financial statements will not be prevented or detected. Management identified the following internal control
deficiency which we had assessed as a material weakness as of March 31, 2023, during our assessment of our internal control over financial
reporting as follows: 

1. 
 No
 material weaknesses were found. 

CONCLUSION 

Our
management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective. 

CHANGES
IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING. 

We
did not change our internal control over financial reporting during our last fiscal quarter that materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
 9B. 
 OTHER
 INFORMATION. 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE
 REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTION 

Not
applicable. 

PART
III 

ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS,
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Executive
Officers 

Our
executive officers are elected by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board. The following table sets forth certain
information regarding our current directors and executive officers: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Director
 Since 

Muhunthan
 Canagasooryam 
 
 48 
 
 President,
 Chief Architect and Director 
 
 2014 

Suzannah
 Jennifer Samuel Perera 
 
 49 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Director 
 
 2014 

Mahmud
 Riad Ameen 
 
 48 
 
 Director
 Legal and Director 
 
 2014 

Certain
biographical information of our Directors and Officers is set forth below. 

35 

Muhunthan
Canagasooryam - Founder, President, Chief Architect, CEO and Director 

Muhunthan
Canagasooryam is also known as Muhunthan Canagey. Mr. Canagasooryam formed DSSL in 2004 and has served as Chief Executive Officer since
January 2007. Mr. Canagasooryam became the founder, President, Chief Architect, Chief Executive Officer and a Director of the Company
in October 2014. 

From
March 2015 to August 2017, Mr. Canagasooryam served as the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Information Communication
Technology Agency of Sri Lanka (ICTA), the apex information and communication technologies ICT institution of the Sri
Lankan Government that was mandated to implement the Government s policy and action plan in relation to ICT. The Sri Lankan Government
has begun transforming Sri Lanka s ICT to create a knowledge-based society by digitally empowering its citizens, and Mr. Canagasooryam,
together with ICTA, was instrumental in providing free internet to every Sri Lankan citizen and also launching the Google Loon Project
in Sri Lanka. Mr. Canagasooryam stepped into the field of IT at a very young age of 16, and was one of the country s youngest entrepreneurs.
He holds a Master s Degree in Information and Communication Technology from the University of Keele (UK). 

Suzannah
Jennifer Samuel Perera - Chief Financial Officer and Director 

Since
October 2014, Suzannah Jennifer Samuel Perera has served as Chief Financial Officer and Director of the Company. Since September 2008,
Ms. Perera has been employed by DSSL as its Chief Financial Officer. In 2011, she was appointed as the Chief Carbon Officer for DSSL
as part of its efforts to obtain certification as the Asia s first software development company to become Carbon Neutral. Prior
to joining DSSL, Ms. Perera served as Chief Finance Officer at EPSI Computers (Pvt.) Ltd. From January 2007 to September 2008, and as
Manager of Finance at Dialog TV (formally CBN Sat), one of the largest IT equipment resellers and a DTH satellite media company, from
May 2005 to January 2007. 

Ms.
Perera is a Management Accountant by profession, a Fellow Member of the Chartered Institute of Management Accountants (FCMA-UK) and a
Chartered Global Management Accountant (CGMA). She holds a Masters in Business Administration from the Postgraduate Institute of Management
(PIM), affiliated with the University of Sri Jayewardenepura, Sri Lanka. 

Mahmud
Riad Ameen - Director Legal and Director 

Mr.
Ameen has overall responsibility for the Company s legal function through the provision of legal advisory services and ensuring
effective management of legal and contractual risks. Mr. Ameen was elected to the Company s board of directors in February 2015.
Since February 2006, he has served as a Legal Consultant to Hemas Holdings PLC, a diversified conglomerate that offers products and services
in specialized sectors of consumer goods, pharmaceutical, transportation and leisure, and whose stock is quoted on the Colombo Stock
Exchange in Sri Lanka. Since April 2013, Mr. Ameen has served as a Director of Pan Asian Power PLC, a public company quoted in the Colombo
Stock Exchange, which is a provider of green energy solutions to help meet the demand for clean, renewable and low cost energy. Since
March 2009, Mr. Ameen has served as a Director of ECI Tax Chamber (Private) Limited, which is a company incorporated in Sri Lanka that
provides tax advisory services. Since June 1, 2014, he has also served as a Legal Consultant to D.L. F. De Sarams, a 125-year old
law firm in Sri Lanka. 

Mr.
Ameen holds a Bachelor s Degree in Law (LL.B) from the University of London and a Master of Laws Degree (LL.M) from the University
of Colombo Sri Lanka. He is a Barrister of the Lincoln s Inn, United Kingdom, and an Attorney-at-Law of the Supreme Court of Sri
Lanka. He was called to the bar in 1998. He was a Junior Counsel in the chambers of Mr. Faisz Musthapha, President s Counsel. In
1999, he joined the official bar as a State Counsel in the Attorney General s Department of Sri Lanka. While at the official bar,
he has advised the Government of Sri Lanka and several of its departments and statutory corporations and represented them in litigation.
He was also a Consultant to the Public Enterprise and Reform Commission (PERC), which overlooked government privatization. In 2006, Mr.
Ameen returned to the unofficial bar. 

36 

Other
Significant Employees - Management Team 

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding additional key members of our management team: 

Name 
 
 Position 

Sudarshini
 Rajaratnam 
 
 Head
 of Human Resources Management 

Ajeewan
 Arumugam 
 
 Head
 of Product and Market Development 

Certain
biographical information of these significant employees is set forth below. 

Sudarshini
Rajaratnam - Head of Human Resources Management 

Ms.
Rajaratnam joined DSSL in January 2008 and has served as the Head of Human Resources since November 2015. Ms. Rajaratnam was previously
employed by ActionAid International from 2005 to 2007 as HR Organizational Development Officer/Manager. She worked for Danzas AEI (Sri
Lanka) from 2003 to 2005 as a Coordinator ISO/Human Resources Development. Ms. Rajaratnam holds a Master s in Business Administration
from the University of Lincoln (UK). Sudarshini also possesses expertise in ISO Internal Audit and has the ability to handle administration
and operations of organizations. 

Ajeewan
Arumugam - Senior Manager Head of Product and Market Development 

Mr.
Arumugam joined DSSL in November 2007 and became a Senior Manager and Head of Product and Market Development in April 2017. He
was appointed as the Team Lead for Duo World s Green Team in 2011 and was directly reporting to the Chief Carbon Officer to lead
the organization to become the first Carbon Neutral software development company Asia. Mr. Arumugam has substantial experience in the
telecommunication industry, BPO sector and IT sector. He joined the Company in 2008 after having worked for Dialog Telekom PLC from 2005
to 2007 as a Contact Center Officer, and Cocoon (Pvt) Ltd from 2007 to 2008 as a Team Lead Operations. He holds a degree BA (Hons)
in Leadership Management from North Umbria University (UK). 

Directorships 

None
of our directors or persons nominated or chosen to become directors hold any other directorship in any company with a class of securities
registered pursuant to Section 12 of the 1934 Act or subject to the requirements of Section 15(d) of such Act or any other company registered
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

Independent
Directors 

We
do not currently have any independent directors. We are unlikely to be able to recruit and retain any additional independent directors
due to our small size and limited financial resources until our revenues are sufficient to compensate such persons for board service. 

Director
Qualifications 

We
do not have a formal policy regarding director qualifications. In the opinion of Muhunthan Canagasooryam, our President and majority
shareholder, the Company s Directors have sufficient business experience and integrity to carry out the Company s plan of
operations. Since none of the Company s Directors or officers has any experience in running a publicly held company, our Board
of Directors recognizes that the Company will have to rely on professional advisors, such as attorneys and accountants with public company
experience to assist with compliance with Exchange Act reporting and corporate governance matters. 

Family
Relationships 

No
family relationship exists between or among any of our officers and directors. 

37 

INVOLVEMENT
IN CERTAIN LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

Except
as described below, during the past ten years, no present director, executive officer or person nominated to become a director or an
executive officer of the Company: 

(1) 
 had
 a petition under the federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law filed by or against, or a receiver, fiscal agent or similar
 officer appointed by a court for the business or property of such person, or any partnership in which he was a general partner at
 or within two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which he was an executive officer
 at or within two years before the time of such filing; 

(2) 
 was
 convicted in a criminal proceeding or subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

(3) 
 was
 subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
 permanently or temporarily enjoining him from or otherwise limiting his involvement in any of the following activities: 

(i) 
 acting
 as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage
 transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the
 foregoing, or as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee
 of any investment company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice
 in connection with such activity; 

(ii) 
 engaging
 in any type of business practice; or 

(iii) 
 engaging
 in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of federal
 or state securities laws or federal commodities laws; or 

(4) 
 was
 the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of an federal or state authority barring,
 suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any activity described in paragraph
 (3) (i), above, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

(5) 
 was
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action, the Securities and Exchange Commission to have violated a federal or
 state securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Securities and Exchange Commission has not been subsequently
 reversed, suspended or vacated; 

(6) 
 was
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any
 Federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been
 subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated; 

(7) 
 was
 the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently
 reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to any alleged violation of: 

i. 
 Any
 Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; or 

38 

ii. 
 Any
 law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent
 injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal
 or prohibition order; or 

iii. 
 Any
 law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

(8) 
 was
 the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization
 (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26)), and registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29)
 of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C.1(a)(29)), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary
 authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

AUDIT
COMMITTEE 

The
Board of Directors acts as the Audit Committee and the Board has no separate committees. The Company has no qualified financial expert
at this time because it has not been able to hire a qualified candidate. Further, the Company believes that it has inadequate financial
resources at this time to hire such an expert. The Company intends to continue to search for a qualified individual for hire. 

CODE
OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS 

In
September 2014, we adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to our officers, including our principal executive officer,
principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller and any other persons performing similar functions. Our Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics was designed to deter wrongdoing and promote honest and ethical conduct, full, fair and accurate disclosure,
compliance with laws, prompt internal reporting and accountability to adherence to our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. Our Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics is posted on our website: www.duoworld.com . Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics will be provided
free of charge by us to interested parties upon request. Requests should be made in writing and directed to the Company at the following
address: 170 S. Green Valley Parkway, Suite 300, Henderson, Nevada 89012. 

39 

ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION. 

The
following table sets forth the aggregate compensation paid by the Company and/or its subsidiaries to our executive officers and directors
of the Company for services rendered during the periods indicated. 

SUMMARY
COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Note 
 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 
 All other stock compensation ) 
 
 Total ) 

Muhunthan Canagasooryam 
 2023 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

President, Chief 
 2022 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Architect and Director 
 2021 
 87,109 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 87,109 

Suzannah Jennifer Samuel 
 2023 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Perera 
 2022 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 2021 
 38,697 

- 
 
 38,697 

Mahmud Riad Ameen 
 2023 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Legal Director and 
 2022 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Director 
 2021 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Director
Compensation 

We
do not have a formal compensation plan for our directors. 

Stock
Options and Warrants 

We
have no outstanding stock options or warrants. 

SAR
Grants Table 

There
have been no SARS granted to executive officers and directors, since we have no such plans in effect. 

Aggregate
Option/SAR Exercises and Fiscal Year-End Option/SAR Value Table 

There
have been no exercises of stock options/SARS by executive officers. 

Long-Term
Incentive Plan Awards 

There
have been no long-term incentive plan awards made by the company. 

Repricing
Options 

We
have not repriced any stock options. 

40 

Compensation
Discussion and Analysis 

We
have prepared the following Compensation Discussion and Analysis to provide you with information that we believe is necessary to understand
our executive compensation policies and decisions as they relate to the compensation of our named executive officers. 

We
have only three members on our board of directors and do not currently have a compensation committee. However, we intend to expand our
board of directors in the fiscal year ending March 31, 2024 by appointing or electing additional directors who will be deemed to be independent
directors. The presence of independent directors on our board of directors will allow us to form and constitute a compensation committee
of our board of directors. 

The
primary objectives of the compensation committee with respect to executive compensation will be to (i) attract and retain the best possible
executive talent available to us; (ii) motivate our executive officers to enhance our growth and profitability and increase shareholder
value; and (iii) reward superior performance and contributions to the achievement of corporate objectives. 

The
focus of our executive pay strategy will be to tie short-term and long-term cash and equity incentives to the achievement of measurable
corporate and individual performance objectives or benchmarks and to align executive compensation with the creation and enhancement of
shareholder value. In order to achieve these objectives, our compensation committee will be tasked with developing and maintaining a
transparent compensation plan that will tie a substantial portion of our executives overall compensation to our sales, operational
efficiencies and profitability. 

Our
board of directors has not set any performance objectives or benchmarks for our fiscal year ending March 31, 2024, as it intends for
those objectives and benchmarks to be determined by the compensation committee once it is constituted and then approved by the board.
In the event we do not constitute a compensation committee for the current fiscal year ending March 31, 2024, our board of directors
will determine any applicable performance objectives or benchmarks and determine appropriate levels of compensation. However, we anticipate
that compensation benefits will include competitive salaries, bonuses (cash and equity based), health insurance and stock option plans
commensurate with companies of similar size in our industry. 

Our
compensation committee will meet at least quarterly to assess the cost and effectiveness of each executive benefit and the performance
of our executive officers in light of our revenues, expenses and profits. 

Historically,
our board of directors has determined salaries and benefits for our executive officers based on informal reviews of job performance and
contributions to the Company without reference to any objective milestones or standards. Our board of directors believes that all prior
and current compensation of our executive officers has been and is fair and reasonable given the progression of the Company since 2007. 

STOCK
OPTION AND OTHER COMPENSATION PLANS. 

The
Company did not award stock options to employees and executive officers during the year ended March 31, 2023. 

COMPENSATION
OF DIRECTORS 

Our
directors do not receive any compensation for serving as a member of our board of directors. 

No
retirement, pension, profit sharing or insurance programs or other similar programs have been adopted by the Company for the benefit
of its employees. 

There
are no understandings or agreements regarding compensation our management will receive after a business combination that is required
to be included in this table, or otherwise. 

41 

Liability
of Officers and Directors 

Article
9 of the Company s amended Articles of Incorporation provides that our directors and officers shall not be personally liable to
the Company or our shareholders for damages for breach of fiduciary duty. However, Article 9 does not eliminate or limit a director or
officer for (i) acts or omissions which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, or (ii) the unlawful payment of
dividends. 

Indemnification
of Officers and Directors. 

Article
VII, Section 7 of the Company s Bylaws provide that the Company shall indemnify its officers, directors, employees and agents to
the fullest extent permitted by the laws of Nevada. Article 10 of our amended Articles of Incorporation provides for indemnification
for our officers, directors, employees and agents in accordance with the Nevada Revised Statutes. 

The
Nevada Revised Statutes allow us to indemnify our officers, directors, employees, and agents from any threatened, pending, or completed
action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative, except under certain circumstances, except an
action by or in the right of the corporation, by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent
of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation,
partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses, including attorneys fees, judgments, fines and amounts
paid in settlement, actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with the action, suit or proceeding, if such person
acted in good faith and in a manner, which such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation,
or that, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, such person had reasonable cause to believe that the conduct was unlawful. 

NRS
78.751 of the Nevada Revised Statutes allows a corporation to authorize discretionary indemnification under certain circumstances. A
corporation shall have discretion to indemnify only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination may be made (i) by the shareholders;
(ii) by the board of directors by majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the action, suit, or proceeding;
(iii) if a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the action, suit or proceeding so orders, by independent
legal counsel in a written opinion; or (iv) if a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the action, suit or proceeding
cannot be obtained, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion. 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION POSITION ON INDEMNIFICATION. 

Insofar
as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, may be permitted to directors, officers and
controlling persons of the company, we have been advised by our special securities counsel that in the opinion of the Securities and
Exchange Commission, such indemnification is against public policy and is, therefore, unenforceable. 

ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The
following tables set forth the ownership of our common stock as of March 31, 2023, by (a) each person known by us to be the beneficial
owner of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock ; and (b) by all of our named officers and directors and by all of our named
executive officers and directors as a group. To the best of our knowledge, the persons named have sole voting and investment power with
respect to such shares and are beneficial owners of the shares indicated in the tables, except as otherwise noted by footnote. 

42 

The
information presented below regarding beneficial ownership of our voting securities has been presented in accordance with the rules of
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and is not necessarily indicative of ownership for any other purpose. Under these rules,
a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person has or shares the power to vote or direct the
voting of the security or the power to dispose or direct the disposition of the security. A person is deemed to own beneficially any
security as to which such person has the right to acquire sole or shared voting or investment power within 60 days through the conversion
or exercise of any convertible security, warrant, option or other right. More than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner
of the same securities. The percentage of beneficial ownership by any person as of a particular date is calculated by dividing the number
of shares beneficially owned by such person, which includes the number of shares as to which such person has the right to acquire voting
or investment power within 60 days, by the sum of the number of shares outstanding as of such date plus the number of shares as to which
such person has the right to acquire voting or investment power within 60 days. Consequently, the denominator used for calculating such
percentage may be different for each beneficial owner. The numbers and percentages below will not foot due to the unique calculus required
by Rule 13d-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Except as otherwise indicated below, we believe that the beneficial
owners of our common stock listed below have sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares shown. 

Security
ownership of certain beneficial owners of our Common Stock by our named executive officers and persons who own 5 or more of our Common
Stock: 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Number of Shares (1) 
 Percentage of Ownership (1) 

Muhunthan Canagasooryam 

(President, Director and 5 or more beneficial owner) 

No. 6, Charles Terrace, Off Alfred Road 

Colombo 00300, Sri Lanka 
 85,000,000 (2) 
 62.00 

Jennifer Perera 

(Chief Finance Officer and Director) No. 6, Charles Terrace, Off Alfred Road Colombo 00300, Sri Lanka 
 1,875,000 
 3.00 

Mahmud Riad Ameen 

(Legal Director and Director) No. 6, Charles Terrace, Off Alfred Road Colombo 00300, Sri Lanka 
 312,500 
 1.00 

All officers and directors as a group (three people) 
 87,187,500 (3) 
 64.00 

Name and Address of 5 or More Beneficial Owners 

Spearfish Capital Group Limited 

Dr. Ganga Kosala Bandara Heengama 

(5 or more beneficial owner) 

532/3C Sirikotha Lane, Galle Road Colombo 02, Sri Lanka 
 4,664,538 
 5.28 

Thenai Maram Ltd. 

Thenai Maram, ManagerKemp House, 160 

City Road, 

London EC1V2NX United Kingdom 
 5,761,541 
 6.52 

(1)
The numbers and percentages set forth in these columns are based on 88,375,838 shares of Common Stock and 5,000,000 shares of Series
 A Preferred Stock outstanding as of the date of this Memorandum. The number and percentage of shares beneficially owned
is determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act, and the information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership
for any other purpose. Under such rule, beneficial ownership includes any shares as to which the security holder has sole or shared voting
power or investment power and also any shares, which the security holder has the right to acquire within 60 days. 

43 

(2)
Includes 5,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, each share of which is convertible into 10 shares of Common Stock.
In accordance with Exchange Act Rule 13d-3, these 5,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock equate to 50,000,000 shares
of Common Stock. These 50,000,000 shares are included in both the numerator and denominator for purposes of calculating Mr. Canagasooryam s
beneficial ownership in the Company s voting securities. 

(3)
Includes the beneficial ownership of Mr. Muhunthan Canagasooryam, our President and Director, Ms. Jennifer Perera, our Chief Finance
Officer and Director and Mr. Mahmud Riad Ameen, the Company s Legal Director. 

Security
ownership of our Series A Preferred Stock by our named executive officers and all other persons who own our Series A Preferred Stock: 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Number of Shares (1) 
 Percentage of Ownership (1) 

Muhunthan Canagasooryam 
 5,000,000 (2) 
 100 
 
 (President, Director and 5 or more beneficial owner) 

No.6, Charles Terrace, Off Alfred Road, Colombo 00300, Sri Lanka 

All officers and directors as a group (one person) 
 5,000,000 (2) 
 100 

(1) 
 The
 numbers and percentages set forth in these columns are based on 5,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding
 and the shareholder s respective beneficial ownership of 5,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding.

(2) 
 Mr.
 Canagasooryam is the direct beneficial owner of, and has sole dispositive and voting power over, these shares. 

Changes
in control: 

We
are not aware of any arrangements, including any pledge by any person of our securities, the operation of which may at a subsequent date
result in a change in control of the Company. 

ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Although
we have not adopted formal procedures for the review, approval or ratification of transactions with related persons, we adhere to a general
policy that such transactions should only be entered into if they are on terms that, on the whole, are no more favorable, or no less
favorable, than those available from unaffiliated third parties and their approval is in accordance with applicable law. Such transactions
require the approval of our board of directors. 

44 

On
December 3, 2014, the Company acquired 100 of Duo Software (Pvt.) Limited, a Sri Lankan company, from Muhunthan Canagasooryam, our President,
Chief Executive Officer and Director, who became our controlling shareholder as a result of such acquisition. The consideration for such
acquisition consisted of 28,000,000 shares of Duo World Common Stock, 5,000,000 shares of Duo World Series A Preferred
Stock and 310,000 to be paid in cash. As of the date of this Annual Report, Duo World has paid 124,238 of the 310,000 cash due to
Mr. Canagasooryam. 

Mr.
Canagasooryam has also made loans to the Company or advanced funds to cover expenses of the Company pursuant to certain loan agreements. 

The
first such loan agreement, dated July 16, 2010, was between Mr. Canagasooryam, as lender, and DSSL, as borrower. The current amount of
principal due under this loan agreement to Mr. Canagasooryam is 357,932. This loan was increased to U.S. 507,552 pursuant to a loan
agreement dated March 1, 2018. 

The
second such loan agreement, dated December 1, 2012, was between Mr. Canagasooryam, as lender, and DSS, as borrower. This agreement provided
for a loan of Singapore Dollar 670,000. During the year the loan was written off with the request made by Mr. Canagasooryam. 

The
third such loan agreement, dated March 1, 2018 was between Mr. Canagasooryam, as lender, and Duo World Inc., as borrower. This agreement
provided for a loan of U.S. 27,000. 

The
total owed by the Company to Mr. Canagasooryam under the above loan agreements was 534,552 and 1,092,075, at March 31, 2023 and March
31, 2022, respectively. The loans have a zero rate of interest and will mature on March 1, 2024. The amounts owed under such loans will
be repaid, upon the election of Mr. Canagasooryam, either in cash by utilizing the earnings of the Company or by conversion of the debt
to Common Stock issued to Mr. Canagasooryam at a price to be determined in the future. In addition to the loan agreements above, from
time to time, Mr. Canagasooryam advances small amounts of money to the Company, or pays small amounts of expenses on behalf of the Company,
for no interest. These smaller amounts are included in our March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 financial statements as Due to Related
Party Short Term. As of March 31, 2022, short term loans due to Mr. Canagasooryam amounted to 917,855. As of March 31,
2023, short term loans due to Mr. Canagasooryam amounted to 611,412. These amounts fluctuate from time to time and are repaid, over
time, by the Company. These short term advances and loans by Mr. Canagasooryam are not governed by written loan agreements. 

Except
as otherwise indicated herein, there have been no related party transactions, or any other transactions or relationships required to
be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K. 

ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

INDEPENDENT
PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS 

1) 
 Audit
 Fees: We have recognized an expense of 21,210 for our auditors, Manohar Chowdhry Associates, for the audit of annual financial
 statements for the year ended March 31, 2023 and quarterly reviews for three quarters. 

A
 fee of 16,140 was recorded as the audit of annual financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2023. 

2) 
 Audit-Related
 Fees: During fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, our auditors did not receive any fees for any audit-related services. 

3) 
 Tax
 Fees: None. 

4) 
 All
 Other Fees. None. 

5) 
 Audit
 Committee s Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures. 

45 

Effective
May 6, 2003, the Securities and Exchange Commission adopted rules that require that before Principal Accountants are engaged by us to
render any auditing or permitted non-audit related service, the engagement be: 

approved
 by our audit committee (which consists of our entire board of directors); or 

entered
 into pursuant to pre-approval policies and procedures established by the board of directors, provided the policies and procedures
 are detailed as to the particular service, the board of directors is informed of each service, and such policies and procedures do
 not include delegation of the board of directors responsibilities to management. 

Our
Board of Directors pre-approves all services provided by our independent auditors. All of the above services and fees were reviewed and
approved by our Board of Directors either before or after the respective services were rendered. 

Our
Board of Directors has considered the nature and amount of fees billed by our principal accountants and believes that the provision of
services for activities unrelated to the audit is compatible with maintaining our principal accountants independence. 

During
the 2023 and 2022 fiscal years, the Company used the following pre-approval procedures related to the selection of our independent auditors
and the services they provide: unanimous consent of all directors via a board resolution. 

ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBITS,
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

(a)
 (1) 
 Financial
 Statements 

Financial
 statements for Duo World, Inc. listed in the Index to Financial Statements on page F-1 are filed as part of this Annual Report. 

(a)
 (2) 
 Financial
 Statement Schedule 

Financial
 Statement Schedule for Duo World, Inc. listed in the Index to Financial Statements on page F-1 are filed as part of this Annual Report. 

(a)
 (3) 
 See
 the Index to Exhibits set forth below. 

(b)
 See Exhibit Index below for exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 

ITEM
 16. 
 FORM
 10-K SUMMARY. 

None. 

46 

Duo
World, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Financial Statements 

 March
31, 2023 and 2022 

F- 1 

CONTENTS 

Page(s) 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID : 
 F-3 

Consolidated Balance Sheet - March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income / (Loss) for the Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-8 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-9 

F- 2 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the shareholders and the board of directors of Duo World Inc. 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Duo World Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of March
31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholder s equity and cash flows,
for each of the two years in the period ended March 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial
statements). 

In
our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial
position of the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each
of the two years in the period ended March 31, 2023, in conformity with the accounting principles generally accepted in United States
of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and performing
procedures that respond to those risks. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal
control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing
audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on effectiveness of the
Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial
statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining,
on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by the management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements
that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are
material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are
not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts
or disclosures to which they relate. 

1. Intangible
 Assets 

Description
of the Matter 

As
described in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements as at March 31, 2023, the Company has intangible assets of 2,42,627, of
which the features of two of its products has been transferred to its subsidiary company, and an improvised product is acquired with
enhanced features (Dial Desk). The remaining cost has been written off during the period. Management assessed the feasibility of the
product in the current market conditions and the probability of generating revenue from Dial Desk the acquired asset. The Management
has assessed its carrying value and has not been impaired. 

F- 3 

Auditing
management s accounting for and disclosure of the asset was complex and highly judgmental as it involved our assessment of the
significant judgments made by management when assessing the feasibility of the product or when determining an estimate of costs and resources
to be involved or whether an estimate of the loss or range of loss could be made. 

How
we addressed the matter in our audit 

We
obtained an understanding about evaluation of product development costs, amortization and write offs. We have reviewed the Company s
assessment of the likely costs that may have to be incurred and the feasibility of the product. 

To
test the Company s assessment of the carrying the intangible asset in the financials, among other procedures, we have read the
minutes of the meetings of the Board of Directors, read letters received directly by us from Chief Operating Officer, and evaluated the
status of products based on discussions with management. We also evaluated the appropriateness of the related disclosures. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
2 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency that raise
substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described
in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

For
Cngsn Associates LLP 

Chartered
Accountants 

We
are serving as the Company s auditor since 2023 

Date
 06 th July 2023 

UDIN
- 23269079BHAUNS1001 

F- 4 

Duo
World, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

March
 31, 2023 
 March
 31, 2022 

(Audited) 
 (Audited) 
 
 ASSETS 

Current
 Assets 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 

Accounts
 receivable - trade 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

Accrued
 revenue 

Total Current
 Assets 

Non Current
 Assets 

Property
 and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of and respectively 

Intangible
 assets, net 

Lease
 - Right to use Asset 
 
 - 
 
 Goodwill 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 Non Current Assets 

Total
 Assets 

LIABILITIES
 and SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current
 Liabilities 

Accounts
 payable 

Payroll,
 employee benefits, severance 

Short
 term borrowings 
 - 

Due to
 related parties 

Payable
 for acquisition 

Taxes
 payable 

Accruals
 and other payables 

Deferred
 revenue 

Total Current
 liabilities 

Long Term
 Liabilities 

Due to
 related parties 

Employee
 benefit obligation 

Lease
 liability 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 Long Term liabilities 

Total
 liabilities 

Commitments
 and contingencies (Note 18) 
 - 
 - 

Shareholders 
 Deficit 

Ordinary shares: 
 par value per share; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Convertible
 series A preferred shares: par value per share; shares authorized; and shares
 issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional
 paid in capital 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Accumulated
 other comprehensive income 

Non
 controlling interest 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 shareholders deficit 

Total
 Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

Duo
World, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

 (Audited) 

March
 31, 2023 
 March
 31, 2022 

For
 the year ended, 

March
 31, 2023 
 March
 31, 2022 

Revenue 

Cost
 of revenue (exclusive of depreciation presented below) 

Gross Income 

Operating
 Expenses 

General
 and administrative 

Salaries
 and casual wages 

Selling
 and distribution 

Depreciation 

Amortization
 of web site development 

Write
 off product development cost 
 
 - 
 
 Allowance
 for bad debts 

Total
 operating expenses 

Loss
 from operations 

Other income
 (expenses): 

Interest
 expense 

Other
 income 

Gain /
 (Loss) on disposals 
 
 - 
 
 Bank charges 

Exchange
 (loss) / gain 

Write
 off liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Write
 off assets 
 
 - 
 
 Promissory
 notes discount 
 - 

Total
 other income (expenses) 

Profit/loss
 before provision for income taxes: 

Tax Expense: 

Provision
 for income taxes 
 - 
 - 
 
 Foreign
 taxes withheld 
 - 
 - 
 
 Profit/(loss) 

Profit/ (loss) attributable
 to non controlling interest 
 
 - 

Net
 Profit/(loss) 

Basic
 and Diluted Loss per Share 

Basic
 and Diluted Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding 

Comprehensive
 Income (Loss): 

Unrealized
 foreign currency translation (loss) gain 

Profit/(loss) 

Comprehensive
 Income/ (Loss) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

Duo World, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Statement of Changes in Shareholders Deficit 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Income 
 Interest 
 Deficit 

Common
 Share Capital 
 Preferred
 Share Capital 
 Additional
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 
 Non 
 Controlling 
 Total
 Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Income 
 Interest 
 Deficit 

March
 31, 2021 

- 

Stock issued 

- 
 - 

- 

Net loss 

- 

- 

Other comprehensive
 income 

- 

- 

Promissory
 notes Discount 

- 

- 

March
 31, 2022 

- 

Stock
 issued 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net
 profit 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Net
 profit (loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Other
 comprehensive income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Non
 controlling interest 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

March
 31, 2023 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

Duo
World, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

 (Un-audited) 

March
 31, 2023 
 March
 31, 2022 

For
 the Period ended, 

March
 31, 2023 
 March
 31, 2022 
 
 Operating
 activities: 

Profit/(loss)
 before provision for income taxes 

Adjustments
 to reconcile loss before provision for income taxes to cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

Bad debts 

Gain on
 disposals of property and equipment 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization
 of product Development cost 

Product
 development cost written off 
 
 - 

Changes
 in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts
 receivable - trade 

Prepayments 

Lease
 - Right to use Asset 
 
 - 
 
 Accounts
 Payable 

Payroll,
 employee benefits, severance 

Short
 term overdraft 

Due to
 related parties 

Taxes
 payable 

Retirement
 Benefit 

Lease
 liability 
 
 - 
 
 Accruals
 and other payables 

Net
 cash provided by operating activities 

Investing
 activities: 

Acquisition
 of property and equipment 

Sale proceeds
 of disposal of Property and Equipment 
 
 - 
 
 Intangible
 assets 
 
 - 
 
 Development
 cost transferred 
 
 - 
 
 Goodwill 
 
 - 
 
 Non
 controlling interest 
 
 - 

Net
 cash used in investing activities 

Financing
 activities: 

Proceeds
 from issuance of common Stock 

Long term
 loan 
 - 

Additional
 paid in capital 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities 

Effect
 of exchange rate changes on cash 

Net decrease
 in cash 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash,
 end of period 

Supplemental
 disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash
 paid for interest 

Cash
 paid for income taxes 
 - 
 - 

Supplemental
 disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Common
 shares issued for services 
 - 
 - 

Amortization
 of Operating Lease 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

Duo
World Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 March
31, 2023 

 (Audited) 

of Dial Desk (Pte) Limited. Duo (Successor) is a holding company
that conducts operations through its wholly owned subsidiaries DSSL and DSS (Predecessors) and own subsidiary DDPL in Sri Lanka and
Singapore. The consolidated entity is referred to as the Company . The Company, having its development center in Colombo,
has been in the space of developing products and services for the subscription-based industry. The Company s applications Facetone ,
Dial Desk and SmoothFlow provide solutions in the space of Customer Life Cycle Management and Work Flow. 

Further
the Duo World Inc. had its wholly owned subsidiary which is Duo World Canada Inc, incorporated under the laws of Canada (Canada Business
Corporations Act.) on June 08, 2020. The Duo World Canada is closed as at March 31, 2023. 

and a net loss of 
for the year ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively; net cash provided by operations of ) and ) , for the year
ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively; working capital deficit of and as of March 31, 2023 and March 31,
2022, respectively; outstanding statutory dues towards employee provident fund and employee trust fund of and as of
March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, respectively; and a stockholders deficit of and , as of March 31, 2023
and March 31, 2022, respectively. 

The
Company has launched its new cloud-based product Dial Desk and expecting revenue from the new product. Further, the Company was able
to reduce its Cost of Sales and operating cost during the year. Considering these trends, the management is confident that the Company
shall generate sufficient profits to offset the operating losses in the recent future. 

Duo
 World Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 March
31, 2023 

 (Audited) 

subsidiaries Duo Software (Pvt.) Limited (DSSL), Duo Software Pte.
Limited (DSS) and its owned subsidiary of Dial Desk Pte Limited. 

Duo
 World Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 March
31, 2023 

 (Audited) 

Over 18 months 

Over 15 months 

Over 12 months 

Over 9 months 

cash equivalents. 

Duo
World Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 March
31, 2023 

 (Audited) 

years, or the lease term, if shorter. Repairs and maintenance expenditures, which are not considered
improvements and do not extend the useful life of the property and equipment, are expensed as incurred. In case of sale or disposal of
an asset, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the consolidated financial statements and the profit or loss
arising from the sale shall be recognized. 

years 

Improvements
 to lease hold assets 

Office
 equipment 

years 

Computer
 equipment (Data Processing Equipment) 

years 

Website
 development 

years 

Duo
 World Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 March
31, 2023 

 (Audited) 

The
estimated fair value of certain financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and
accrued expenses are carried at historical cost basis, which approximates their fair values because of the short-term nature of these
instruments. 

Duo
World Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 March
31, 2023 

 (Audited) 

Facetone 

Facetone 
is a communication and collaboration platform, which provides users the capability of operating and running a high performance contact
center operation efficiently while saving cost and maximizing revenue opportunities. In-built Facetone CRM feature provides the opportunity
for contact centers to deliver a superior customer experience and build a better relationship by linking customers and data in real time. 

Smoothflow 

Smoothflow
automates customer engagements, including building ChatBots, VoiceBots and IoTBots to deliver an Omni channel customer service experience.
The product uses the power of artificial intelligence to keep improving the conversational flow and user experience. 

DialDesk 

DialDesk
is a SaaS contact center software which caters the SME segment of the market with its low cost, cloud based platform. Businesses can
buy their virtual number from DialDesk and set up their contact center within few minutes. With its easy to uses user interface and agility
DialDesk will help businesses improve the productivity of their contact center operations. 

Revenue
is recognized upon transfer of control of promised products or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration we
expect to receive in exchange for those products or services. We enter into contracts that can include various combinations of products
and services, which are generally capable of being distinct and accounted for as separate performance obligations. Revenue is recognized
net of allowances for returns and any taxes collected from customers, which are subsequently remitted to governmental authorities. 

Nature
of Products and Services 

Licenses
for on premise software The Company sells a perpetual nonexclusive license to the customer and enables the customer to install
and use the software and its documentation. Price per customer varies based on the selection of the products licensed, the number of
site installations and the number of authorized users. The product offered on this basis is Facetone-enterprise. 

Enterprise
software solutions The Company distributes its software product Facetone- hosted version with third party telecommunication
companies. It is a revenue model where the telecommunication provider hosts the Company s software applications and makes them
available to its customers over the Internet for a monthly subscription fee. The Company charges telecommunication providers a monthly
license fee calculated according to number of licenses sold. 

Cloud
services - The Company sells its product Smoothflow as a SAAS product (Software-as-a-Service) and services are provided
on a monthly subscription model. 

Duo
 World Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 March
31, 2023 

 (Audited) 

AMC
Services - The Company offers annual maintenance programs on its licenses that provide for technical support and updates to the Company s
software products. Initial annual maintenance fees are bundled with license fees in the initial licensing period and recognized when
the performance obligation of license fee is met. Revenue is recognized ratably, or daily, over the term of the maintenance period, which
is typically one year. 

For
the period ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company received only cash as consideration for sale of licenses and related services and
not in kind. 

B 

C 

D 

E 

Other
 Misc. customers 

Software
 hosting and reselling 

Revenue 

Duo
 World Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 March
31, 2023 

 (Audited) 

and , respectively. 

and , respectively. 

The
Company had no contract liabilities and asset recognized for cost to fulfill a requirement of a customer as at March 31, 2023. 

Duo
World Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 March
31, 2023 

 (Audited) 

were capitalized as intangible assets and product research
and development cost was capitalized in the same period 2022. 

was expensed in the period ended March 31, 2023 and expenses
were incurred during the period ended March 31, 2022 

Duo
 World Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 March
31, 2023 

 (Audited) 

Translation
 rate gain (loss) 

Balance,
 March 31, 2022 

Translation
 rate gain (loss) 

Balance,
 March 31, 2023 

Duo
World Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 March
31, 2023 

 (Audited) 

Lessee 

The
Company adopted ASU 2016-02 effective April 1, 2019 using the modified retrospective approach. The new standard establishes a right-of-use
model ROU that requires a lessee to recognize a ROU asset and lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with
a term longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified as finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern and classification
of expense recognition in the income statement. In connection with the adoption, the Company will elect to utilize the modified retrospective
presentation whereby the Company will continue to present prior period financial statements and disclosures under ASC 840. In addition,
the Company will elect the transition package of three practical expedients permitted within the standard, which eliminates the requirements
to reassess prior conclusions about lease identification, lease classification and initial direct costs. Further, the Company will adopt
a short-term lease exception policy, permitting us to not apply the recognition requirements of this standard to short-term leases (i.e.
leases with terms of 12 months or less) and an accounting policy to account for lease and non-lease components as a single component
for certain classes of assets. 

Under
ASC 2016-02(Topic 842), lessees are required to recognize the following for all leases (with the exception of short term lease) on the
commencement date i) Lease Liability, which is lessee s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease, measured on a discounted
basis; and ii) right of use asset, which is an asset that represents the lessee s right to use, or control the use of, a specified
asset for the lease term. 

At
the commencement date, the company recognizes the lease liability at the present value of lease payments not yet paid, discounted using
the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, the company s incremental borrowing rate
for the same term as the underlying lease. The Right-of-Use asset is recognized initially at cost which primarily comprises the initial
amount of the lease liability, plus any initial direct costs incurred, consisting mainly of brokerage commissions, less any lease incentives
received. All the rights-of-use assets are reviewed for impairment. There is no impairment rights- of -use assets as of March 31, 2023. 

The
Company categorizes leases at their inception as either operating or capital leases. On certain lease agreements, the Company may receive
rent holidays and other incentives. The Company recognizes lease costs on a straight-line basis without considering the deferred payment
terms, such as rent holidays, that defer the commencement date of required payments. 

Duo
 World Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 March
31, 2023 

 (Audited) 

Collaborative
Arrangement : Clarifying the Interaction Between Topic 808 and Topic 606, which clarifies when transactions between participants
in a collaborative arrangement are within the scope of the FASB s revenue standard, Topic 606. The standard is effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2019 and interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. We do not believe
the adoption of this guidance will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

Intangibles-Goodwill
and Other-Internal-Use Software : In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-15, Customer s Accounting for Implementation
Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That is a Service Contract. ASU 2018-15 (Subtopic 350-40) aligns the requirements for
capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract with the requirements for capitalizing
implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software. The standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. We do not believe the adoption
of this guidance will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

shares of common stock, series A preferred shares and in
cash in exchange for all of DSSL s issued and outstanding shares of common stock. Duo also issued shares of
common stock in exchange for all of DSS s issued and outstanding shares of common stock. The transaction resulted in DSSL s
shareholder and DSS s shareholder acquiring approximately control. 

The
transaction also required a recapitalization of DSSL and DSS. Since DSSL and DSS acquired a controlling voting interest, they were deemed
the accounting acquirer, while Duo was deemed the legal acquirer. The historical financial statements of the Company are those of combined
financial statements of DSSL and DSS and of the consolidated entities from the date of recapitalization and subsequent. 

Since
the transaction is considered a reverse recapitalization, the presentation of pro-forma financial information was not required. All share
and per share amounts have been retroactively restated to the earliest periods presented to reflect the transaction. 

Less:
 Provision for doubtful debts 

Accounts
 Receivable net 

Duo
 World Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 March
31, 2023 

 (Audited) 

B 

C 

D 

Concentrations of
 accounts receivables 

Security deposits 

David E. Wise IOLTA account 

Prepayments 

Supplier advance 
 - 

Other
 receivables 

Prepaid Expenses
 and Other Current assets 

Furniture fittings 

Computer equipment (data processing
 equipment) 

Improvements to lease hold
 assets 

Website
 development 

Gross fixed assets 

Accumulated
 depreciation and amortization 

Net
 fixed assets 

Duo
World Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 March
31, 2023 

 (Audited) 

Depreciation
and amortization expense for period ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 was and , respectively. 

Add: Costs capitalized during
 the year 
 
 - 
 
 Less: 

Cost transferred 
 
 - 
 
 Cost Written off 
 
 - 
 
 Translational
 gain/ (loss) 

Net
 Intangible Assets 

Supplier payable 

Promissory notes 
 - 

Canagey Capital (Pvt) Ltd 

Other supplier payable 

EPSI Computers (Pvt) Ltd 

Due to Guha Takurta 

Rent
 deposit 
 - 

Accounts payable 

On
July 14, 2021, the Company has issued promissory notes for the sum of to Geneva Roth Remark Holdings Inc., a New York corporation.
The said promissory notes bear an interest rate of per annum and default interest of on any unpaid capital or interest which
is not paid when due on July 14, 2022. 

Conversion
right on promissory notes: The holder has right to convert the outstanding amount in to Common shares at any time during the period beginning
on the date which is one hundred eighty (180) days following the date of issue and ending either on the maturity date or the date of
the payment of the default amount. 

Duo
 World Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 March
31, 2023 

 (Audited) 

Conversion
price: The conversion price shall equal the variable conversion price. . The Company has made
necessary provisions in the financials. 

For
the period ended March 31, 2023, of promissory notes were converted to common shares and of promissory notes were fully
paid off in cash. 

as at March 31, 2022 and no short term borrowings were outstanding during
the period ended March 31, 2023. 

and , respectively. 

Due
to Related Parties Long term 

Loans
outstanding to related parties for more than 12 months are presented under long-term liabilities in the accompanying consolidated financial
statements. As of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, the Company owed directors and , respectively. 

ESC Payable 
 
 - 
 
 WHT payable 

Stamp
 duty payable 

Taxes payable 

Other payables 

Accrued interest 

Audit
 fee payable 

Accruals and other payables 

Developer support and implementation 

Purchases 

Consultancy, contract basis
 employee cost 
 - 

Cost of services 

Cost of revenue 

Duo
 World Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 March
31, 2023 

 (Audited) 

Other professional services 

Audit fees 

Legal fees 

Directors remuneration 
 
 - 
 
 Lease expense 

OTC market fees 

Office maintenance 

Gratuity 

Internet charges 

Tax service fees 
 
 - 
 
 Secretarial fees 

Office rent 

Telephone charges 

Staff welfare 

Fee and subscription 

Electricity charges 

Software rentals 

Professional fees 

Public relations 
 
 - 
 
 Printing and stationery 

Computer maintenance 

Stamp duty expense 

Courier and postage 

Penalties / late payment charges 

Vehicle allowance 
 - 

Other
 expenses 

General and
 Administrative Expenses 

Marketing expenses 

Vehicle
 running expenses 

Selling and Distribution Expenses 

Duo
 World Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 March
31, 2023 

 (Audited) 

The
income tax provision differs from the amount of tax determined by applying the federal statutory rate on account of the following items; 

Brought
 forward losses 
 
 Unabsorbed
 depreciation 

Deferred
income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for financial
reporting purposes and the amounts used for income taxes. 

In
assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more-likely-than-not that some portion or all
of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of
future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal
of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. 

Since
Duo does not have any undistributed earnings, the Company has not recorded a deferred tax liability associated with the foreign earnings
as of March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Duo
 World Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 March
31, 2023 

 (Audited) 

The
Company is not subject to any foreign income taxes for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. The Company may be subject to examination
by the Internal Revenue Service IRS and state taxing authorities for 2023 and 2024 tax years. 

authorized common shares having a par value of . The common shares have been designated
with the following rights: 

Voting
 rights: Common shareholders can attend an annual general meeting to cast vote or
 use a proxy. 

Right
 to elect board of directors: Common shareholders control the Company through their
 right to elect the Company s board of directors; however, the holder of our preferred
 stock has super-majority voting rights and has power to elect all of the Company s
 board of directors. 

Right
 to share income and assets: Common shareholders have the right to share the Company s
 earnings equally on a per-share basis in the form of dividend. Similarly, in the event of
 liquidation, shareholders have claim on assets that remain after meeting the obligation to
 accrued taxes, accrued salary and wages, creditors including bondholders (if any) and preferred
 shareholders. Thus, common shareholders are residual claimants of the company s income
 and assets. 

During
the period ended March 31, 2023, the Company has issued Common shares of for the value of . The consists
of of promissory notes which is converted to common shares and of fresh common share issuances. 

(B) Preferred
 Stock 

As
at March 31, 2023, the Company had authorized Series A preferred shares having a par value of per share.
As at the 31 st March 2023 the company has issued Series A preferred shares. 

The
preferred shares have been designated with the following conversion rights: 

common shares no earlier than 24 months and 1
 day after the issuance as at 31 st March 2023 there has been no conversion of preference
 shares. 

and , respectively. The Company
has one operating lease as at March 31, 2023. 

As
per ASC 842, the Company has created a right of use lease asset of and right of use liability of as at March 31, 2023. 

Duo
 World Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 March
31, 2023 

 (Audited) 

Operating
 lease interest 

Total
 lease cost 

Cash
Flows 

8/10/2015 

10/9/2018 

10/14/2019 

10/21/2019 

11/18/2020 

The
Company has not provided any guarantees other than those mentioned above. 

F- 27 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

List
of Exhibits attached or incorporated by reference pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-B 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Document
 Description 

3(i).1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of Duo World, Inc. filed September 19, 2014, with the Secretary of State of Nevada. 

3(i).2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Duo World, Inc. approved by the Secretary of State of Nevada. 

3(i).3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Duo World, Inc. approved by the Secretary of State of Nevada on January 19, 2018. 

3(ii) 
 
 By-Laws of Duo World, Inc. 

4.1 

Certificate of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock approved by the Secretary of State of Nevada. 

10.1 

Amended and Restated Purchase Agreement, dated December 3, 2014, between Duo World, Inc. and Muhunthan Canagasooryam for the acquisition of Duo Software (Pvt.) Limited, a Sri Lankan company, by Duo World Inc. from Mr. Canagasooryam. 

10.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Purchase Agreement, dated December 3, 2014, between Duo Software, Inc. and Koshala Nishaharan for the acquisition of Duo Software (Pte.) Limited, a Singaporean company, by Duo World, Inc. from Koshala Nishaharan. 

10.3 

Loan Agreement, dated July 16, 2010, between Duo Software (Private) Limited, a Sri Lankan company, as borrower, and Muhunthan Canagasooryam, as lender. 

10.4 

Loan Agreement, dated December 1, 2012, between Duo Software (Pte.) Ltd, a Singaporean company, as borrower, and Muhunthan Canagasooryam, as lender. 

10.5 

End-User Software License Agreement, dated November 9, 2011, between Duo Software (Pvt) Ltd. and Bank of Ceylon. 

10.6 
 
 Loan Agreement, dated March 1, 2018, between Duo Software (Pte.) Ltd, a Singaporean company, as borrower, and Muhunthan Canagasooryam, as lender. 

10.7 
 
 Loan Agreement, dated July 16, 2010, between Duo Software (Private) Limited, a Sri Lankan company, as borrower, and Muhunthan Canagasooryam, as lender. 

10.8 
 
 Loan Agreement, dated July 16, 2010, between Duo World, Inc., a Nevada, U.S.A. company, as borrower, and Muhunthan Canagasooryam, as lender. 

14 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. 

21 
 
 Subsidiaries. 

31.1 
 
 Certification under Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification under Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1

Certification under Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2

Certification under Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form S-1 Registration Statement (File No. 333-211460) declared effective by the SEC
on September 26, 2016. 

Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 2, 2018. 

Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on June 29, 2018. 

Filed herewith. 

28 

SIGNATURES 

In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Duo
 World, Inc. 

Dated:
 July 13, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 Muhunthan Canagasooryam 

Muhunthan
 Canagasooryam 

Its: 
 President
 and Chief Executive Officer 

In
accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Dated:
 July 13, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 Muhunthan Canagasooryam 

Muhunthan
 Canagasooryam 

Its: 
 President
 and Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Dated:
 July 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Suzannah Jennifer Samuel Perera 

Suzannah
 Jennifer Samuel Perera 

Its: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer, and Director 

(Principal
 Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

Dated:
 July 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Mahmud Riad Ameen 

Mahmud
 Riad Ameen 

Its: 
 Director 

29 

<EX-21>
 2
 ex21.htm

EXHIBIT
21 

Subsidiaries 

Duo
Software (Pvt.) Limited 

 (organized
under the laws of Sri Lanka) 

Duo
Software (Pte.) Limited 

 (organized
under the laws of Singapore) 

100 
 owned subsidiary of Duo World Inc. 

</EX-21>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

DUO
WORLD, INC. 

 A
Nevada Corporation 

 CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 Section
302 Certification 

I,
Muhunthan Canagasooryam, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Duo World, Inc., a Nevada Corporation (the registrant ); 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons
 performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
 July 13, 2023 

By:
 
 /s/
 Muhunthan Canagasooryam 

Muhunthan
 Canagasooryam 

Its: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

DUO
WORLD, INC. 

 A
Nevada Corporation 

 CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 Section
302 Certification 

I,
Suzannah Jennifer Samuel Perera, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Duo World, Inc., a Nevada Corporation (the registrant ); 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons
 performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
 July 13, 2023 

By:
 
 /s/
 Suzannah Jennifer Samuel Perera 

Suzannah
 Jennifer Samuel Perera 

Its: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

DUO
WORLD, INC. 

 A
Nevada Corporation 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Duo World, Inc. Company on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2023, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Muhunthan Canagasooryam, Chief Executive
Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Dated:
 July 13, 2023 

By:
 
 /s/
 Muhunthan Canagasooryam 

Muhunthan
 Canagasooryam 

Its: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

DUO
WORLD, INC. 

 A
Nevada Corporation 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Duo World, Inc. Company on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2023, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Suzannah Jennifer Samuel Perera, Chief
Financial Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Dated:
 July 13, 2023 

By:
 
 /s/
 Suzannah Jennifer Samuel Perera 

Suzannah
 Jennifer Samuel Perera 

Its: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 duuo-20230331.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 duuo-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 duuo-20230331_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 duuo-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

