<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230804_10-K_edgar_data_1591698_0001591698-23-000115.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12138036</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>299820</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3908421</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3659854</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2252902</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1815961</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001591698-23-000115.hdr.sgml : 20230804
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230804095803
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001591698-23-000115
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		102
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230804
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230804

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Paylocity Holding Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001591698
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				464066644
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36348
		FILM NUMBER:		231142477

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1400 AMERICAN LANE
		CITY:			SCHAUMBURG
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60173
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-520-2687

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1400 AMERICAN LANE
		CITY:			SCHAUMBURG
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60173

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001591698-23-000115.txt : 20230804

10-K
 1
 pcty-20230630.htm
 10-K

pcty-20230630 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 __________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 __________________________________________________ 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Transition Period from to 
 Commission File Number 
 __________________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 __________________________________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices and zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of Exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 __________________________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 x Accelerated filer o Non-accelerated filer o 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o No 
 The aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of December 31, 2022, the last day of registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was billion (based on the closing price for shares of the registrant s common stock as reported by the NASDAQ Global Select Market for the last business day prior to that date). 
 As of July 28, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock issued and outstanding. 
 __________________________________________________ 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 
 The information required by Part III of this Report, to the extent not set forth herein, is incorporated herein by reference from the Proxy Statement relating to the registrant s 2024 annual meeting of stockholders, which shall be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year to which this Report relates. 

Table of Contents 

 PAYLOCITY HOLDING CORPORATION 
 Form 10-K 
 For the Year Ended June 30, 2023 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 13 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 25 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 25 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 26 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 26 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 27 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 28 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 28 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 40 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 42 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 42 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 42 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 43 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 43 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 44 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 44 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 44 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 44 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 44 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 45 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 45 
 Signatures 
 49 
 
 _____________________________________________ 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 Forward Looking Statements 
 Except for the historical financial information contained herein, the matters discussed in this report on Form 10-K (as well as documents incorporated herein by reference) may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, statements regarding our future financial position, business strategy and plans and objectives of management for future operations. When used in this Annual Report, the words believe, may, could, will, estimate, continue, intend, expect, anticipate, plan, project and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. 
 We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, short-term and long-term business operations and objectives, and financial needs. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in this report, and in particular, the risks discussed under Part 1, Item 1A: Risk Factors and those discussed in other documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as required by law, we do not intend to update these forward-looking statements publicly or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future. 
 In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this report and in the documents incorporated in this report may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. Accordingly, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. 
 
 Item 1. Business. 
 Overview 
 
 We are a leading cloud-based provider of human capital management, or HCM, and payroll software solutions that deliver a comprehensive platform for the modern workforce. Our HCM and payroll platform offers an intuitive, easy-to-use product suite that helps businesses attract and retain talent, build culture and connection with their employees, and streamline and automate HR and payroll processes. Excluding clients acquired through acquisitions, as of June 30, 2023, we provided our software-as-a-service, or SaaS, solutions to approximately 36,200 clients across the U.S., which on average had over 140 employees. 
 Effective management of human capital is a core function in all organizations and requires a significant commitment of resources. Organizations are faced with an ever-changing employment landscape, including numerous federal, state and local regulations across multiple jurisdictions, the complexity of increasingly geographically dispersed employees, and managing hybrid workplaces. At the same time, employees expectations are rising, and organizations need to prioritize communication, connection, and collaboration among their employees to differentiate how they attract and retain talent and build a culture of loyalty. Many companies also are operating without the infrastructure, expertise or personnel to implement or support large and complex systems in today s dynamic environment. Existing solutions offered by third-party payroll service providers can have limited capabilities and configurability while other enterprise-focused software vendors can be prohibitively expensive and time-consuming to implement and manage. We believe that modern organizations are better served by SaaS solutions designed to meet their unique needs, delivering fast time to value, and providing their employees with the most engaging experience available. 

1 

Table of Contents 

 Our HCM and payroll software solutions provide the following key benefits to our clients: 

Single Platform with Flexible Data - The foundation of our platform is a single employee system of record that supports the complete employee lifecycle: Recruiting Onboarding, Benefits, Time Labor, Payroll, HR, Learning, and Performance Compensation. Our platform centralizes payroll and HCM data, minimizing inconsistent and incomplete information that can be produced when using multiple databases. 
 Employee Experience We embed employee-focused features throughout the platform that help employees feel connected to their work whether they are hybrid, remote, on-the-go, or do not have corporate email addresses. Our platform provides tools to communicate, connect to organizations and peers, and focus on career development and growth, which drives engagement and adoption of self-service processes and drives HR automation and digital transformation. 
 Insights, Recommendations AI Our clients have access to their data for reporting and compliance needs, but we also provide actionable insights powered by AI based on best practices across our client base. Clients can use interactive dashboards to interpret data, get prescriptive recommendations tailored to improving efficiency and building a healthier workforce and use AI-assisted tools to automate day-to-day tasks. 
 Leading Customer Service - We supplement our comprehensive software solutions with an integrated implementation and client service organization, all of which are designed to meet the needs of our clients and prospects. 
 Seamless Integration with Extensive Ecosystem of Partners . Our software solutions offer our clients automated data integration with hundreds of third-party partner systems in our Integration Marketplace, such as 401(k), benefits and insurance provider systems. This integration reduces the complexity and risk of error of manual data transfers and saves time for our clients and their employees. We integrate data with these related systems through a secure connection, which significantly decreases the risk of unauthorized third-party access and other security breaches. 
 We market and sell our products through our direct sales force. We generate sales leads through a variety of focused marketing initiatives and from our extensive referral network of 401(k) advisors, benefits administrators, insurance brokers, third-party administrators and HR consultants. We derive revenue from a client based on the solutions purchased by the client, the number of client employees and the amount, type and timing of services provided with respect to those 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 client employees. Our annual revenue retention rate was greater than 92 in each of the fiscal years 2021, 2022 and 2023. Our total revenues increased from 635.6 million in fiscal 2021 to 852.7 million in fiscal 2022, representing a 34 year-over-year increase, and to 1,174.6 million in fiscal 2023, representing a 38 year-over-year increase. Our recurring revenue model and high annual revenue retention rates provide significant visibility into our future operating results. 
 Our Strategy 
 We intend to strengthen and extend our position as a leading provider of cloud-based HCM and payroll software solutions. Key elements of our strategy include the following: 
 Extend Technological Leadership . We believe that our organically developed cloud-based software solutions, combined with our unified database architecture, enhances the experience and usability of our products, providing what we believe to be a competitive advantage over alternative solutions. Our modern, intuitive user interface utilizes features found in many popular consumer application experiences, enabling users to use our solutions with limited training. We plan to continue our technology innovation, as we have done with our mobile applications, social features and analytics capabilities. 
 Grow Our Client Base . We believe that our current client base represents only a small portion of the organizations that could benefit from our solutions. Our clients typically have between 10 to 5,000 employees. While we provide our HCM and payroll software solutions to approximately 36,200 clients across the U.S. (excluding clients acquired through acquisitions) as of June 30, 2023, there are over 1.3 million businesses with 10 to 5,000 employees in the U.S., employing approximately 73 million people, according to the U.S. Census Bureau in 2020. We estimate that if clients were to buy our entire suite of existing solutions at list prices, they would spend approximately 500 per employee annually. We believe our realized target addressable market is approximately 18.6 billion as client s, on average, purchase 50 or more of our suite of solutions. As we continue to expand our product offerings, we believe that we have an opportunity to increase the amount clients spend on HCM solutions per employee and to expand our addressable market. As we expand our client base and number of employees, we will also grow our sales organization. 
 Expand Our Product Offerings . We believe a significant part of our leadership position is the result of our investment and innovation in our product offerings. We plan to continue to invest in product development efforts that will allow us to offer a broader selection of products to new and existing clients. 
 Further Develop Our Referral Network . We have developed a strong network of referral participants, such as 401(k) advisors, benefits administrators, insurance brokers, third-party administrators and HR consultants that recommend our solutions and provide referrals. We believe that our platform s automated data integration with hundreds of related third-party partner systems is valuable to our referral participants, as they are able to access payroll and HR data through a single system which decreases complexity and cost and complements their own product offerings. We plan to increase integration with third-party providers and expand our referral network to grow our client base and lower our client acquisition costs. 
 Our Products 
 Our HCM and payroll software solutions deliver a unified platform for the modern workplace. We offer an intuitive, easy-to-use product suite that helps businesses attract and retain talent, build culture and connection with their employees and streamline and automate HR and payroll processes. Our product suite includes the following categories: 
 Payroll 
 Payroll and Tax Service s Our Payroll and Tax Services solution is designed to simplify payroll, automate processes and manage complex compliance requirements within one system. Our payroll solution leverages data from our Time Labor and Human Resource solutions to accurately calculate wages, deductions and withholdings, without the need for manual reentry. Clients work with our experts to configure general ledger integrations, accruals and complex reports to enable data-driven decision making. Our integration capabilities also automatically transfer 401(k) information, retirement plans and benefit files to third-party providers. Through our 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Tax Services solutions, we accurately prepare and file the necessary tax withholdings and filing documents for local, state and federal jurisdictions. 
 Global Payroll Our cloud-based global payroll solution enables U.S.-based companies to manage payroll for employees outside the U.S. in line with complex local and country-specific requirements across many countries. It also provides consolidated reporting capabilities to efficiently manage a global employee base with real-time access to payroll data. 
 Expense Management Our Expense Management solution enables mobile app capture of receipts and imports transactions from credit cards, reducing manual entry errors and minimizing employee and approver paperwork, while also eliminating spreadsheets, calculators and manual approvals through automated workflows that route approved expenses for payroll reimbursement. 
 On Demand Payment On Demand Payment provides employees with visibility into their earned wages in between pay cycles based on their hours worked and offers financial flexibility to employees through access to a portion of their earned wages before their scheduled payday without impacting the client s standard payroll process. 
 Garnishments Our Garnishments solution provides the calculation, setup and maintenance of historical deduction records and performs calculation validation against state and federal legislation to mitigate compliance risk and prevent costly penalties and errors. 
 Human Resources 
 Human Resources Human Resources solutions streamline processes using modern, mobile-enabled tools that help save time by automating administrative tasks and providing data-driven reporting. Clients can track headcount and status for positions, manage position and manager changes, manage compliance tracking and reporting and employee data and documents in one central location. 
 Employee Self-Service Our Employee Self-Service module provides employees with access to their information 24/7, which allows them to view checks, request time off, clock in and out, update personal data and collaborate with teammates. Employees can also enroll in benefits, view coverage, access Learning Management System training or view course completion status on-the-go via our mobile app. 
 Workflows Documents Workflows Documents serves as a central location to securely store personal employee files such as offer letters and performance reviews to help clients stay compliant and organized by replacing manual processes and paper files. HR professionals can search electronic documents and easily upload, store and download documents while managing access with our role-based permission settings. 
 HR Compliance Dashboard With our HR Compliance Dashboard, clients save time and money by staying up to date with new laws and regulations related to topics such as employment verification, Equal Employment Opportunity and compensation. 
 HR Edge HR Edge supports human resource leaders navigation through complex compliance requirements, social issues and HR policies. Clients can also access a comprehensive library of detailed articles, guides and other resources to make informed decisions on compliance topics such as healthcare reform, wages and hours regulations, employee leave, state laws, discrimination and more. 
 Time Labor 
 Time and Attendance Our Time and Attendance solution accurately tracks time and attendance data, eliminating the need for manual tracking of accruals and reducing administrative tasks. Employees can request and manage time off, edit timecards and manage schedule changes. A customizable supervisor dashboard provides at-a-glance visibility to missed punches, pending time off requests, attendance exceptions and more. 
 Scheduling Clients can automate schedule tracking by creating and adjusting work schedules as needed, including leveraging templates and building policies based on duration, time between shifts and availability 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 without having to manually correct payroll data. Managers and employees can easily manage their schedules from our mobile app to ensure the appropriate shift coverage. 
 Time Collection Our wide variety of time collection devices include kiosks, state-of-the-art time clocks, and mobile and web applications to meet unique needs of different companies while enabling employees to clock in wherever business is conducted. Advanced features include specifying geographic parameters for mobile punch-in, requiring employees to punch in with a photo, answering attestation prompts and other health and safety checks. 
 Talent 
 Recruiting Recruiting helps clients find the right candidates by offering intuitive tools to streamline talent acquisition processes from application creation to candidate acceptance. By modernizing the experience, clients can conveniently reach candidates wherever they are, including through embedded text messaging, and instantly track conversations in our platform. HR professionals can customize job applications and reach more candidates by automatically posting to online job portals. To promote an inclusive culture, clients can activate masking of certain candidate details to promote recruiting without bias, while still collecting all essential details, including diversity information. Additionally, our solution provides clients with the ability to auto-fill and simplify background checks, maintain and track personal and confidential data, and have real-time access to candidate information to enable timely staffing decisions. Recruiters can communicate with modern candidates in the ways they expect, including email and text messaging from right within our platform. 
 Onboarding Onboarding enables new employees to complete all pre-hire tasks through digital data collection to gather important personal and confidential information and documentation right through our platform. Clients can streamline processes such as handbook acknowledgment, tax withholding forms, I-9 document verification, E-Verify and many others. Additionally, new hires feel an instant connection to their team and employer with welcome notes from leaders, introductory videos, company culture information and company policies. 
 Learning Our Learning tools allow clients to easily assign courses tailored to training their employees on new skills, policies, products, and other topics with a variety of course delivery methods including on-demand and webinars, all of which are available via our mobile app. Our clients can create a variety of content for their employees including via a Sharable Content Object Reference Model (SCORM), embedded video and various document types. The client s custom content is supplemented by a library of standard trainings provided by Paylocity to help in areas like anti-harassment, new hire, workplace safety, diversity in recruiting and many more. Clients can also empower their employees to create trainings so that internal subject matter experts can share their expertise with colleagues. LMS also offers numerous diversity, equity, inclusion and accessibility courses, modules, and instructional kits to help ensure employees are educated to support a diverse workforce. 
 Performance Our Performance tools enable transparent, two-way communication, allowing teams to have ongoing performance conversations. With the ability to manage employee review cycles at the center of the performance management solution, employees can also manage goals and track their career development. Our tools help facilitate ongoing, goals-driven conversations using Journals, giving employees a record of their tasks, goals and accomplishments. Additionally, our clients can prepare succession planning assessments across their employee population by using our 9-box tool that provides context to employees performance and the ability to visualize the distribution of their workforce. 
 Compensation Our Compensation tools help clients ensure alignment between organizational goals, budgets and participant eligibility in an efficient process that reduces manual effort and paper-based budgeting activities. Our customized dashboards provide visibility to individual performance and compensation history at custom permission levels and the full value of an employee s compensation and benefits. Clients can create employee-facing Total Rewards Statements in bulk to demonstrate the full compensation an employee receives including not just pay, but also benefits, time off, and more. 
 Benefits 
 Benefit Enrollment Updates Clients can plan and administer competitive benefits packages in one place while offering a smooth, mobile-friendly enrollment and management experience for employees with our tool. Benefit administrators can add enrollment rules, manage benefit offerings for different employee groups, customize user 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 plan limits, and view plan documentation, among other features. Employees can manage their own elections in Employee Self Service or via the mobile app, access open enrollment, account balances and more. Clients can also use embedded experiences like notifications and training to help employees easily stay apprised of important dates and understand the benefit options available to them. 
 Third-Party Administrative (TPA) Solutions Our TPA solutions are designed to modernize the administration of HSA, FSA, Health Reimbursement Arrangement (HRA), Transportation Management Account (TMA) and Premium Only Plan (POP) benefits by providing users with a single, unified access point for payroll, HR, and benefits administration. Our TPA solutions include mobile and web access, allowing users to view transaction details and account balances while having the ability to submit claims from our integrated employee portal. These solutions also ease the administration of COBRA coverage and retiree billing. 
 Employee Experiences 
 Community Community is an integrated part of our platform that streamlines communication and fosters a culture of engagement not possible with broadcast emails, antiquated intranets or break room bulletin boards. It empowers clients to engage all employees even those that are remote, on-the-go or do not have corporate email, which is more critical than ever in the new hybrid world of work. With Community, clients can optimize broadcast communications with a company feed that streamlines announcements into a single location. Announcements can be managed, sent and tracked with an intuitive dashboard. Clients can support their employees at scale with Ask an Expert groups where employees can pose questions to designated group experts who manage questions from a dashboard. Community also offers premium capabilities such as one-to-one and one-to many chat functionality to improve real-time communication; the ability to upload, create, edit, and share files; the automatic creation of team groups for supervisors and direct reports; updated user profiles allowing employees to list interests, team members, education, skills or hobbies and enhanced directory and search capability to easily find, follow and engage with co-workers. 
 Video Video provides clients the ability to record, upload and embed videos across our HCM platform to increase collaboration, morale, engagement and productivity. Clients can embed videos seamlessly into tasks that are critical to their business such as leadership announcements, job postings, onboarding, performance journals, surveys and more. 
 Surveys Our Surveys tool help clients gather valuable employee feedback to encourage ongoing and transparent conversations while staying in touch with their workforce. 
 Recognition Rewards Recognition Rewards promotes positive interactions by allowing employees to recognize and celebrate colleagues achievements. It also gives employees the ability to post accolades on their profiles and share with co-workers. 
 Insights Recommendations 
 Modern Workforce Index Leveraging data from more than 36,200 clients, our patent-pending Modern Workforce Index (MWI) puts sophisticated AI into an HR intelligence dashboard that gives clients insight into employee sentiment, performance metrics, and engagement. With MWI, clients can identify gaps and get smart, actionable recommendations on how to improve their organization s health by increasing employee productivity and reducing turnover. 
 Data Insights With our Data Insights solution, our clients can evaluate the health of their organizations with actionable insights in areas such as headcount, turnover, labor costs and composition of their employee 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 populations so they can customize, fund and deploy strategies to support diverse employees and identify needs of underrepresented groups. 
 Reporting Clients can build and customize reports within our platform. We also offer hundreds of standard reports that clients can use as is or adjust to suit their needs. New reports are added regularly in response to regulatory changes, compliance updates and client feedback. 
 Client Support Teams 
 We supplement our comprehensive software platform with an integrated implementation and client service organization with deep subject matter expertise. Our core operation consists of various specialists, including implementation teams, account managers, payroll processing and tax service teams. Delivering a positive experience and a high level of support is an essential element of our ability to sell our solutions and retain clients. 
 Implementation and Training Services 
 Our clients are typically either migrating to our platform from a competitive solution or are adopting their first online HCM and payroll solution. These organizations often have limited internal resources and rely on us to implement their HCM and payroll solutions. We typically implement our product suite within one to eight weeks, depending on the size and complexity of each client. Each client is guided through the implementation process by our knowledgeable consultants for all implementation matters. We believe our ability to rapidly implement our solutions is principally due to the combination of our emphasis on engagement with the client, our standardized methodology, our cloud-based architecture and our highly configurable, easy-to-use products. 
 We offer clients the opportunity to utilize on-demand or in-class training designed to provide clients with general knowledge on our solutions. We also host an annual client conference for clients to learn about new products and features and allow clients to provide feedback and learn best practices. 
 Client Service 
 Our client service model is designed to serve and support the needs of our clients and to build loyalty by developing strong relationships with clients. We strive to achieve high revenue retention, in part, by delivering high-quality service. Our revenue retention was greater than 92 in each of fiscal 2021, 2022 and 2023. Each client is assigned an account management team that serves as the central point of contact for any questions or support needs. We believe this approach enhances client service by providing clients with knowledgeable resources who understand the client s business, respond quickly, and are accountable for the overall client experience. Account managers are supplemented by teams with deep technical and subject matter expertise who help to expediently and effectively address client needs. We also proactively solicit client feedback through ongoing surveys from which we receive actionable feedback that we use to enhance our client service processes. We have also built an online knowledge repository for clients that provides industry content and Paylocity product and service information. 
 Tax and Regulatory Services 
 Our software contains a rules engine designed to make accurate federal, state, and local tax calculations that is continually updated to support all pertinent legislative changes across U.S. jurisdictions with the support of our tax compliance professionals. Our tax service teams provide a variety of solutions to clients including processing payroll tax deposits, preparing and filing quarterly and annual employment tax returns and amendments and resolving client employment tax notices. Our tax filing and compliance departments perform multiple audits to ensure that clients remit timely and accurate tax payments. In addition, a series of audit routines are run to ensure that quarterly tax filings are accurate and submitted on a timely basis. 
 Clients 
 Excluding clients acquired through acquisitions, as of June 30, 2023, we provided our HCM and payroll software solutions to approximately 36,200 clients, across the U.S. The rate at which we add clients is variable period-to-period and is also seasonal as many clients switch solutions during the first calendar quarter of the year. Clients include for-profit and non-profit organizations across industries including business services, financial services, healthcare, manufacturing, 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 restaurants, retail, technology and others. For each of the three years ended June 30, 2021, 2022 and 2023, no client accounted for more than 1 of our revenues. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 We market and sell our products and services through our direct sales force. Our direct sales force includes sales representatives who have defined geographic territories throughout the U.S. We seek to hire experienced sales representatives wherever they are located and believe we have room to grow the number of sales representatives in each of our territories. 
 The sales cycle begins with a sales lead generated by the sales representative, through our third-party referral network, a client referral, our telemarketing team, our external website, marketing lead generation strategies or other territory-based activities. We support our sales force with a marketing program that includes seminars and webinars, email marketing, social media marketing, broker events and web marketing. 
 Referral Network 
 As a core element of our business strategy, we have developed a referral network of third-party service providers, including 401(k) advisors, benefits administrators, insurance brokers, third-party administrators and HR consultants, that recommend our solutions and provide referrals. Our referral network has become an increasingly important component of our sales process, and in fiscal 2023, more than 25 of our new client revenue originated by referrals from participants in our referral network. 
 We believe participants in our referral network refer potential clients to us because of the strength of our products and services, the value we provide our referral partners through our broker portal, the fact that we do not provide services that compete with our referral networks, and because we offer third parties the ability to integrate their systems with our platform. Unlike other HCM and payroll solution providers who also provide retirement plans, health insurance and other products and services competitive with the offerings of the participants in our referral network, we focus only on our core business of providing HCM and payroll solutions. In some cases, we have formalized relationships in which we are a recommended vendor of these participants. In other cases, the relationships are informal. We typically do not compensate these participants for referrals. 
 Partner Ecosystem 
 We have developed a partner ecosystem of third-party systems, such as 401(k), benefits and insurance provider systems, with whom we provide automated data integration for their clients. These third-party providers require certain financial, payroll and other employee demographic information from their clients to efficiently provide their respective services. After securing authorization from the client, we exchange data with these providers. In turn, these third-party providers supply data to us, which allows us to deliver comprehensive HR and benefit management services to our clients. We believe our partnerships with these third parties are an important part of their service offerings. We have also developed our solutions to integrate with a variety of other systems used by our clients, such as accounting, point of sale, banking, expense management, recruiting, background screening and skills assessment solutions. 
 Paylocity s automated data integration reduces the complexity and risk of error of manual data transfers and saves clients and employees time. Direct and automated data transmission improves the accuracy of data and facilitates data collection in partners systems. Having automated data integration with a HCM and payroll provider differentiates partners product offerings, strengthening their competitive positioning in their own markets. 
 Technology 
 We offer our solutions on a cloud-based platform that leverages a unified architecture and a common code base that we organically developed. Clients do not need to install our software in their data centers and can access our solutions through any mobile device or web browser with Internet access. 
 Multi-Tenant Architecture. Our software solutions were designed with a multi-tenant architecture. This architecture gives us an advantage over many disparate traditional systems, which are less flexible and require longer and more costly development and upgrade cycles. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Mobile Focused. We employ mobile-centric principles in our solution design and development. We believe that the increasing mobility of employees heightens the importance of access to our solutions through mobile devices, including smart phones and tablets. Our mobile experience provides our clients and their employees with access to our solutions through virtually any device having Internet access. We bring the flexibility of a secure, cloud-based solution to users without the need to access a traditional desktop or laptop computer. 
 Security. We maintain comprehensive security programs designed to ensure the security and integrity of client and employee data, protect against security threats or data breaches and prevent unauthorized access. We regulate and limit all access to servers and networks at our data centers. Our systems are monitored for irregular or suspicious activity, and we have dedicated internal staff perform security assessments for each release. Our systems undergo regular penetration testing and source code reviews by an independent third-party security firm. 
 We use multiple cloud hosting and third-party data center providers to host our solutions, including data centers in Franklin Park, Illinois and Kenosha, Wisconsin (for backup and disaster recovery). We supply the hardware infrastructure and are responsible for the ongoing maintenance of our equipment at all data center locations. 
 Competition 
 The market for HCM and payroll solutions is both fragmented and highly competitive. Our competitors vary for each of our solutions and primarily include payroll and HR service and software providers, such as Automatic Data Processing, Inc., Ceridian HCM Holding Inc., Paychex, Inc., Paycom Software, Inc., Paycor, Inc., Ultimate Kronos Group and other local and regional providers. 
 We believe the principal competitive factors on which we compete in our market include the following: 
 Solutions built to connect with today s modern workforce; 
 Comprehensive HCM and payroll product suite on a single platform; 
 Breadth and depth of product functionality; 
 Configurability and ease of use of our solutions; 
 Modern, mobile, intuitive and consumer-oriented user experience; 
 Benefits of a cloud-based technology platform; 
 Ability to innovate and respond to client needs rapidly; 
 Domain expertise in HCM and payroll; 
 Quality of implementation and client service; 
 Ease of implementation; 
 Real-time web-based payroll processing; and 
 Access to a wide variety of complementary third-party service providers. 
 We believe that we compete favorably on these factors and our ability to remain competitive will largely depend on the success of our continued investment in sales and marketing, research and development and implementation and client services. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Research and Development 
 We invest heavily in research and development to continuously introduce new modules, technologies, features and functionality. We are organized in small product-centric teams that utilize an agile development methodology. We focus our efforts on developing new modules and core technologies and on further enhancing the usability, functionality, reliability, performance and flexibility of existing modules. 
 Research and development costs, including research and development costs that were capitalized, were 108.5 million, 145.1 million and 219.6 million for the years ended June 30, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. 
 Intellectual Property 
 Our success is dependent, in part, on our ability to protect our proprietary technology and other intellectual property rights. We rely on a combination of trade secrets, copyrights and trademarks, as well as contractual protections to establish and protect our intellectual property rights. We require our employees, consultants and other third parties to enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements and control access to software, documentation and other proprietary information. Although we rely on laws respecting intellectual property rights, including trade secret, copyright and trademark laws, as well as contractual protections to establish and protect our intellectual property rights, we believe that factors such as the technological and creative skills of our personnel, creation of new modules, features and functionality and frequent enhancements to our modules are the most essential means to establishing and maintaining our technology leadership position. 
 Governmental Regulation 
 As a provider of HCM and payroll solutions, our systems contain a significant amount of sensitive data related to clients, employees of our clients, business partners and our employees. Data privacy is a significant issue for organizations globally, including those in the United States. The regulatory framework for privacy issues worldwide is rapidly evolving and is likely to remain so for the foreseeable future. Many national, state and local government bodies have adopted or are considering adopting laws and regulations related to the collection, use and disclosure of personal information. In the United States, these include rules and regulations promulgated under the authority of the Federal Trade Commission, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA ), state breach notification laws, and state privacy laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CCPA ), as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 CPRA and the Illinois Biometric Information Privacy Act BIPA ). Further, because some of our clients have international operations and employees, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation GDPR and other foreign data privacy laws may impact our processing of certain client and employee information. 
 In addition, many of our solutions are designed to assist clients with their compliance with certain U.S. federal, state and local laws and regulations that apply to them. As such, our products and services may become subject to increasing and/or changing regulatory requirements, including changes in tax, benefit and other laws, and as these requirements proliferate, we may be required to change or adapt our products and services to comply. Changing regulatory requirements might reduce or eliminate the need for some of our products and services, block us from developing new products and services or have an adverse effect on the functionality and acceptance of our solution. This might in turn impose additional costs upon us to comply, modify or further develop our products and services. It might also make introduction of new products and services more costly or more time-consuming than we currently anticipate or prevent introduction of such new products and services. For example, the adoption of new money transmitter or money services business statutes in jurisdictions or changes in regulators interpretation of existing state and federal money transmitter or money services business statutes or regulations, could subject us to registration or licensing or limit business activities until we are appropriately licensed. 
 Our ability to comply with and address the continuously evolving requirements and regulations applicable to our business depends on a variety of factors, including the functionality and design of our solutions and the manner in which our clients and their employees utilize them. We have implemented operating policies and procedures to protect the accuracy, privacy and security of our clients and their employees information and voluntarily undergo certain periodic audits and examinations and maintain certain certifications to demonstrate our commitment to regulatory compliance. 
 The foregoing description does not include an exhaustive list of the laws and regulations governing or impacting our business. See the discussion contained in the Risk Factors section in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 10-K for information regarding changes in laws and regulations that could have a materially adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition. 
 Human Capital 
 As a leading provider of cloud-based HCM and payroll software solutions, we are committed to delivering the most modern suite of solutions that drive employee engagement and a more connected culture for both our clients and our employees. Our Co-CEOs, together with our senior executive team and Board of Directors, drive our human capital strategy including key initiatives related to our employees and company culture. 
 For additional information regarding our human capital initiatives, we encourage investors and other users of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to visit our Corporate Social Responsibility website at https://www.paylocity.com/who-we-are/about-us/corporate-responsibility/. The information contained on this website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 As of June 30, 2023, our workforce consisted of approximately 6,100 employees, substantially all of whom were employed on a full-time basis in the United States. 
 Culture Engagement 
 At Paylocity, we strive to be an organization where every employee has a voice, feels welcomed and is empowered to do their best work. Our core values drive our culture we believe in earning it every day, that growth fuels opportunity, thinking next generation, living the reputation, and being unbeatable together. Our core values serve as the foundation from which we create an engaging culture for our employees, how we train and develop our teams and how we identify the right talent for our organization. Our approach to drive a strong culture and employee engagement has been validated externally as Paylocity has been named Forbes 2023 Best Employers for Diversity, Forbes 2023 Best Employers for Women, Forbes 2022 America s Best Mid-Size Employers and was also Great Place To Work certified on multiple occasions. 
 We support a number of employee resource groups ERGs including PCTY Equality, which focuses on fostering a positive work environment and providing support for employees and allies of the LGBTQIA+ community, our PCTY OneWorld group, which fosters an inclusive work environment and provides support for our employees of diverse ethnic backgrounds, PCTY Sheroes, which supports and celebrates women, PCTY Sustainability, whereby our employees support initiatives to operate our business and facilities to conserve energy, water and raw materials, and our PCTY Mental Health, which promotes a psychologically safe and healthy workplace where employees bring their whole selves to work and their mental well-being is supported. Each of these groups is organized to give employees the chance to build community and connections, voice their ideas and perspectives, personally develop and grow, and shape our culture to make a difference at work and in our local communities. 
 Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Accessibility 
 Dedication to diversity, equity, inclusion and accessibility DEIA is foundational to our culture. Led by our Chief Diversity Officer and Diversity Leadership Council, we remain committed to increasing the representation of minority groups within our organization, including in leadership roles, and we directly focus on these goals within our talent acquisition and employee development efforts. Our focus includes attracting diverse candidates to our organization while also investing in professional development and mentorship programs focused on underrepresented employee groups. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 As of June 30, 2023, approximately 51 of our employees identified as female and approximately 43 of director roles and above were held by a female. For our U.S. employees, approximately 34 of our employees were made up of underrepresented minorities and approximately 27 of our director roles and above were held by underrepresented minorities as of June 30, 2023. The following table provides the ethnicity breakdown of our U.S. employees as of June 30, 2023. 
 Ethnicity U.S. Employees American Indian or Alaskan Native 0.4 Asian Indian 6.7 Black Or African American 10.0 Hispanic Latinx 12.1 Multiracial 4.4 Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander 0.3 White 62.0 Undisclosed 4.1 Overall 100.0 
 Individuals preferred to not disclose an ethnicity 
 To support our DEIA efforts, we offer a curriculum of learning and training content known as BRIDGE (Belonging, Respect, Inclusion, Diversity, Generosity, and Equity), that delivers training content related to topics such as unconscious bias, inclusive leadership and building diverse teams. The BRIDGE training program features self-paced courses, leadership roundtables, and knowledge briefs. Our curriculum is designed with the needs of both our employees and clients in mind, with content widely available via our Learning tools. 
 We also strive to cultivate the most inclusive workplace culture possible. Our employee self-identification functionality allows employees to self-identify in areas such as disability, race, ethnicity, gender, gender identity, veteran status, sexual orientation, and personal pronouns. This data provides an accurate view of our diverse workforce so we can better customize, fund, and initiate specialized programming, accommodations and strategies. 
 Learning Development 
 We are committed to creating industry leading talent development and leadership programs that support the professional growth of our employees. In 2023, we were named a BEST Awards organization by the Association for Talent Development for the third consecutive year. We now offer professional development courses to all employees including topics like preparing for an interview, building a career path as well as leadership topics like delegation and leading a hybrid team. We also provide our operations team with an immersive scenario-based training program and our salesforce with an intensive learning experience on our go-to-market sales strategy and process. Through our internally developed Learning tool with Video, we enable employees to share knowledge through self-recorded sessions, which complements our library consisting of hundreds of internal courses. We continue to invest in our employees by providing development opportunities through our Leader of Others program, which is designed to help prepare new leaders to guide their team to high performance. This leadership program, combined with our strong culture, increasingly results in our employees stepping into larger roles within the organization. 
 Talent Acquisition Compensation 
 We focus diligently on attracting a diverse pool of talented candidates that can help us achieve our short and long-term goals as an organization. Our philosophy of talent anywhere focuses on identifying the right individuals for our business, regardless of where they are located geographically. For Paylocity, the right talent is someone who embodies our values, has an innate curiosity to learn and grow with our business, and has a diverse perspective on how best to accomplish our goals. We have embraced flexible working arrangements which we believe are essential to enable our employees to work in the environment that best suits their needs. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Our compensation approach is centered around a philosophy that allows us to compete for and retain the right talent to grow our organization, while being consistent and equitable. Our total rewards program includes competitive pay, a restricted stock program that covers more than half of our employee base, an employee stock purchase program, the ability to receive a portion of earned wages before the end of the payroll cycle through our On-Demand Payment product, market competitive retirement benefits, paid time off and many other benefits. We partner with best-in-class organizations to ensure that we utilize the most current data to serve as a foundation of our compensation strategy. 
 We are also committed to supporting the health and well-being of our employees and offer a multitude of resources to assist in these efforts. In addition to traditional benefit offerings, we provide all employees with innovative perks and benefits, such as flexible work schedules, paid parental leave, adoption assistance, employer-paid short term disability, health advocacy services, paid time off to volunteer, tuition reimbursement, the ability to consolidate and refinance federal and private student loans, interest free employee loans and many others. We are also very proud to offer a benefits package that is certified by the World Professional Association for Transgender Health. 
 PCTY Gives 
 Giving back to our local communities takes many forms at Paylocity. Through PCTY Gives, we mobilize our technology, people and resources across the country through in-kind donations, our Elevate Your Passions EYP Grant Program, Volunteers in Action paid time-off, signature program funding, corporate sponsored volunteerism and many other initiatives. To support our employees and their communities, each quarter we donate to qualified 501 (c)(3) charities nominated by our employees through the EYP program. In addition to local charities, Paylocity partners with national organizations such as Big Brothers Big Sisters of America, American Red Cross, National Alliance on Mental Illness and Feeding America. To support the children of Paylocity employees, the Peter J. McGrail Scholarship program, named after our late CFO, provides higher education tuition assistance for selected participants. 
 Available Information 
 Our Internet address is www.paylocity.com and our investor relations website is located at http://investors.paylocity.com. We make available free of charge on our investor relations website under the heading Financials our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after such materials are electronically filed with (or furnished to) the SEC. Information contained on our websites is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, the SEC maintains an Internet site, www.sec.gov, that includes filings of and information about issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Our business, growth prospects, financial condition or operating results could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks, as well as other risks not currently known to us or that are currently considered immaterial. The trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of the risks and uncertainties described below, and you may lose all or part of your investment. In assessing these risks, you should also refer to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes. 
 Risks Related to our Business and Industry 
 Our quarterly operating results have fluctuated in the past and may continue to fluctuate due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. 
 Our number of new clients typically increases more during our third fiscal quarter ending March 31 than during the rest of our fiscal year, primarily because many new clients prefer to start using our human capital management, or HCM, and payroll solutions at the beginning of a calendar year. Client funds and year-end activities are also traditionally higher during our third fiscal quarter. As a result, our total revenue and expenses have historically grown disproportionately during our third fiscal quarter as compared to other quarters. Due to this seasonality in our business, quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our operations are not necessarily meaningful and such comparisons should not be relied upon as indications of future performance. Additionally, fluctuation in quarterly results may negatively impact the price of our common stock. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 In addition to other risk factors listed within this Risk Factors section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, some other important factors that may cause fluctuations in our quarterly operating results include the following: 
 The extent to which our products achieve or maintain market acceptance; 
 Our ability to introduce new products and enhancements and updates to our existing products on a timely basis; 
 Competitive pressures and the introduction of enhanced products and services from competitors; 
 Changes in client budgets and procurement policies; 
 The amount and timing of our investment in research and development activities and whether such investments are capitalized or expensed as incurred; 
 The number of our clients employees; 
 Timing of recognition of revenues and expenses; 
 Client renewal rates; 
 Seasonality in our business; 
 Technical difficulties with our products or interruptions in our services; 
 Our ability to hire and retain qualified personnel; 
 A repeal of or changes to the laws and regulations related to the products and services which we offer; 
 Changes in accounting principles; 
 Business disruptions caused by public health issues such as the coronavirus disease COVID-19 pandemic; 
 Macroeconomic factors, including changes in interest rates and inflationary pressures; and 
 Unforeseen legal expenses, including litigation and settlement costs. 
 In addition, a significant portion of our operating expenses are related to compensation and other items which are relatively fixed in the short-term, and we plan expenditures based in part on our expectations regarding future needs and opportunities. Accordingly, changes in our business or revenue shortfalls could decrease our gross and operating margins and could negatively impact our operating results from period to period. 
 If we do not continue to innovate and deliver high-quality, technologically advanced products and services, we will not remain competitive and our revenue and operating results could suffer. 
 The market for our solutions is characterized by rapid technological advancements, including but not limited to artificial intelligence AI and machine learning, changes in client requirements, frequent new product introductions and enhancements and changing industry standards. The life cycles of our products are difficult to estimate. Rapid technological changes and the introduction of new products and enhancements by new or existing competitors, or development of entirely new technologies to replace existing offerings could limit the demand for our existing or future solutions and undermine our current market position. New technologies that involve AI or machine learning or that are created using AI or machine learning may emerge that are able to deliver HCM solutions at lower prices, more efficiently or more conveniently than our solutions, which could adversely impact our ability to compete. Additionally, if new technologies used in our products fail to operate as expected, our business may be negatively impacted. 
 Our success depends in substantial part on our continuing ability to provide products and services that organizations will find superior to our competitors offerings and will continue to use. We intend to continue to invest 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 significant resources in research and development to enhance our existing products and services and introduce new high-quality products that clients will want. If we are unable to predict user preferences or industry changes, or if we are unable to modify our products and services on a timely basis or to effectively bring new products to market, our revenue and operating results may suffer. 
 Failure to manage our growth effectively could increase our expenses, decrease our revenue, and prevent us from implementing our business strategy and sustaining our revenue growth rates. 
 We have experienced rapid revenue and client base growth and intend to pursue continued growth as part of our business strategy. However, the growth in our number of clients puts significant demands on our business, requires increased capital expenditures and increases our operating expenses. To manage this growth effectively, we must attract, train, and retain a significant number of qualified sales, implementation, client service, software development, information technology and management personnel. We also must maintain and enhance our technology infrastructure and our financial and accounting systems and controls. We must also expand and develop our network of third-party service providers, including 401(k) advisors, benefits administrators, insurance brokers, third-party administrators and HR consultants, which represent a significant source of referrals of potential clients for our products and implementation services. Failure to effectively manage our growth could adversely impact our business and results of operations. We could also suffer operational mistakes, a loss of business opportunities and employee losses. If our management is unable to effectively manage our growth, our expenses might increase more than expected, our revenue could decline or might grow more slowly than expected, and we might be unable to implement our business strategy. 
 The markets in which we participate are highly competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, our operating results could be adversely affected. 
 The market for HCM and payroll solutions is fragmented, highly competitive and rapidly changing. Our competitors vary for each of our solutions and primarily include payroll and HR service and software providers, such as Automatic Data Processing, Inc., Ceridian HCM Holding Inc., Paychex, Inc., Paycom Software, Inc., Paycor, Inc., Ultimate Kronos Group and other local and regional providers. 
 Several of our competitors are larger and have greater name recognition, longer operating histories and significantly greater resources than we do. Many of these competitors are able to devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of their products and services. Furthermore, our current or potential competitors may be acquired by third parties with greater available resources and the ability to initiate or withstand substantial price competition, which may include price concessions, delayed payment terms, or other terms and conditions that are more enticing to potential clients. As a result, our competitors may be able to develop products and services better received by our markets or may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities, technologies, regulations, or client requirements. 
 In addition, current and potential competitors have established, and might in the future establish, partner or form other cooperative relationships with vendors of complementary products, technologies or services to enable them to offer new products and services, to compete more effectively or to increase the availability of their products in the marketplace. New competitors or relationships might emerge that have greater market share, a larger client base, more widely adopted proprietary technologies, greater marketing expertise, greater financial resources, and larger sales forces than we have, which could put us at a competitive disadvantage. In light of these factors, current or potential clients might accept competitive offerings in lieu of purchasing our offerings. We expect competition to continue for these reasons, and such competition could negatively impact our sales, profitability or market share. 
 If we fail to manage our technical operations infrastructure, including operation of our data centers, our existing clients may experience service outages and our new clients may experience delays in the deployment of our modules. 
 We have experienced significant growth in the number of users, transactions and data that our operations infrastructure supports. We seek to maintain sufficient excess capacity in our data centers and other operations infrastructure to meet the needs of our clients. We also seek to maintain excess capacity to support new client deployments and the expansion of existing client deployments. In addition, we need to properly manage our technological operations infrastructure in order to support version control, changes in hardware and software parameters and the evolution of our modules. We have in the past and may in the future experience website disruptions, outages and other performance problems. These problems may be caused by a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, human or software errors, viruses, security attacks, fraud, spikes in client usage and denial of service issues. In some instances, we may not be 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 able to identify the cause or causes of these performance problems within an acceptable period of time. If we do not accurately predict our infrastructure requirements, our existing clients may experience service outages that may subject us to financial penalties, financial liabilities and client losses and adversely affect our reputation. 
 In addition, our ability to deliver our cloud-based modules depends on the development and maintenance of Internet infrastructure by third parties. This includes maintenance of a reliable network backbone with the necessary speed, data capacity, bandwidth capacity, and security. We may experience future interruptions and delays in services and availability from time to time. Any interruption may affect the availability, accuracy, or timeliness in our services and could damage our reputation, cause our clients to terminate their use of our software, require us to indemnify our clients against certain losses due to our own errors and prevent us from gaining additional business from current or future clients. In the event of a catastrophic event with respect to one or more of our systems, we may experience an extended period of system unavailability, which could negatively impact our relationship with clients. 
 To operate without interruption, both we and our clients must guard against: 
 Damage from fire, power loss, natural disasters, pandemics and other force majeure events outside our control; 
 Communications failures; 
 Software and hardware errors, failures and crashes; 
 Security breaches, computer viruses, hacking, worms, malware, ransomware, denial-of-service attacks and similar disruptive problems; and 
 Other potential interruptions. 
 We use multiple cloud hosting and third-party data center providers to host our solutions, including data centers in Franklin Park, Illinois and Kenosha, Wisconsin (for backup and disaster recovery). We also may decide to employ additional offsite data centers in the future to accommodate growth. Problems faced by our data center locations (such as a hardware or other supply chain disruption), with the telecommunications network providers with whom we or they contract, or with the systems by which our telecommunications providers allocate capacity among their clients, including us, could adversely affect the availability and processing of our solutions and related services and the experience of our clients. In addition, our data center providers may be unable to keep up with our growing needs for capacity, may implement changes in service levels, may not renew these agreements on commercially reasonable terms, or may be acquired. We may be required to transfer our servers and other infrastructure to new data center facilities, and we may incur costs and experience service interruption in doing so. Interruptions in our services might reduce our revenues, subject us to potential liability or other expenses and adversely affect our reputation. 
 We typically pay client employees and may pay taxing authorities amounts due for a payroll period before a client s electronic funds transfers are finally settled to our account. If client payments are rejected by banking institutions or otherwise fail to clear into our accounts, we may require additional sources of short-term liquidity and our operating results could be adversely affected. 
 Our payroll processing business involves the movement of significant funds from the account of a client to employees and relevant taxing authorities. Though we debit a client s account prior to any disbursement on its behalf, due to Automated Clearing House, or ACH, banking regulations, funds previously credited could be reversed under certain circumstances and timeframes after our payment of amounts due to employees and taxing and other regulatory authorities. There is therefore a risk that the employer s funds will be insufficient to cover the amounts we have already paid on its behalf. While such shortage and accompanying financial exposure has only occurred in very limited instances in the past, should clients default on their payment obligations in the future, we might be required to advance funds to cover such obligations. Depending on the magnitude of such an event, we may be required to seek additional sources of short-term liquidity, which may not be available on reasonable terms, if at all, and our operating results and our liquidity could be adversely affected and our banking relationships could be harmed. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Our business could be negatively impacted by disruptions in the operations of third-party service providers. 
 
 We depend on relationships with certain third-party service providers to operate our business. We rely on third-party couriers such as the United Parcel Service, or UPS, to ship printed checks to our clients, and any disruptions in their operations that impact their ability to successfully perform their tasks may negatively impact our business. We also engage international business partners to perform certain services in countries where we currently do not have operations in and as a result may subjects us to regulatory, economic and political risks that are different from those in the United States. 
 We currently have agreements with various major U.S. banks to execute ACH and wire transfers to support our client payroll, benefit and tax services. If one or more of the banks fails to process ACH transfers on a timely basis, or at all, then our relationship with our clients could be harmed and we could be subject to claims by a client with respect to the failed transfers. In addition, these banks have no obligation to renew their agreements with us on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. If a material number of these banks terminate their relationships with us or restrict the dollar amounts of funds that they will process on behalf of our clients, their doing so may impede our ability to process funds and could have an adverse impact on our business. We have contingency plans in place in case of any failures of banks to process transfers that may impact our operations. However, a failure of one of our banking partners or a systemic shutdown of the banking industry could result in the loss of client funds or prevent us from accessing and processing funds on our clients behalf, which could have an adverse impact on our business and liquidity. 
 
 In addition, we utilize certain third-party software in some of our products. Although we believe that there are alternatives for the functionality provided by the third party software, any significant interruption in the availability of such third-party software, or defects and errors in the third-party software, could have an adverse impact on our business unless and until we can replace the functionality provided by these products at a similar cost. 
 We depend on our senior management team and other key employees, and the loss of these persons or an inability to attract and retain highly skilled employees, including product development, sales, implementation, client service and other technical persons, could adversely affect our business. 
 Our success depends largely upon the continued services of our key executive officers. We also rely on our leadership team in the areas of product development, sales, implementation, client service, and general and administrative functions. From time to time, there may be changes in our executive management team resulting from the hiring or departure of executives, which could disrupt our business. While we have employment agreements with our executive officers, these employment agreements do not require them to continue to work for us for any specified period and, therefore, they could terminate their employment with us at any time. The loss of one or more of our executive officers or key employees could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 We believe that to grow our business and be successful, we must continue to develop products that are technologically advanced, are highly integrable with third-party services, provide significant mobility capabilities and have pleasing and intuitive user experiences. To do so, we must attract and retain highly qualified personnel, particularly employees with high levels of experience in designing and developing software. We must also identify, recruit and train qualified sales, client service and implementation personnel in the use of our software. The amount of time it takes for our sales representatives, client service and implementation personnel to be fully trained and to become productive varies widely. Competition for skilled employees across the United States and globally is intense. If we fail to attract new personnel or fail to retain and motivate our current personnel, our business and future growth prospects could be severely harmed. We follow a practice of hiring the best available candidates wherever located, but as we grow our business, the productivity of our product development and direct sales force may be adversely affected. In addition, if we hire employees from competitors or other companies, their former employers may attempt to assert that these employees have breached their legal obligations, resulting in a diversion of our time and resources. 
 Our software might not operate properly, which could damage our reputation, give rise to claims against us, or divert application of our resources from other purposes, any of which could harm our business and operating results. 
 Our HCM and payroll software is complex and may contain or develop undetected defects or errors, particularly when first introduced or as new versions are released. Despite extensive testing, from time to time, we have discovered defects or errors in our products. In addition, because changes in employer and legal requirements and practices relating to benefits, filing of tax returns and other regulatory reports are frequent, we may discover defects and errors in our software and service processes in the normal course of business compared against these requirements and practices. Defects and 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 errors could also cause the information that we collect to be incomplete or contain inaccuracies that our clients, their employees and taxing and other regulatory authorities regard as significant. 
 Defects and errors and any failure by us to identify and address them could result in delays in product introductions and updates, loss of revenue or market share, liability to clients or others, failure to achieve market acceptance or expansion, diversion of development and other resources, injury to our reputation, and increased service and maintenance costs. The costs incurred in correcting any defects or errors or in responding to resulting claims or liability might be substantial and could adversely affect our operating results. Our clients might assert claims against us in the future alleging that they suffered damages due to a defect, error, or other failure of our product or service processes. A product liability claim and errors or omissions claim could subject us to significant legal defense costs and adverse publicity regardless of the merits or eventual outcome of such a claim. 
 Our agreements with our clients typically contain provisions intended to limit our exposure to such claims, but such provisions may not be effective in limiting our exposure. Contractual limitations we use may not be enforceable and may not provide us with adequate protection against product liability claims in certain jurisdictions. A successful claim for product or service liability brought against us could result in substantial cost to us and divert management s attention from our operations. We also maintain insurance, but our insurance may be inadequate or may not be available in the future on acceptable terms, or at all. In addition, our policy may not cover all claims made against us and defending a suit, regardless of its merit, could be costly and divert management s attention. 
 We may acquire other companies or technologies, which could divert our management s attention, result in additional dilution to our stockholders and otherwise disrupt our operations and adversely affect our operating results. 
 We have acquired and may in the future seek to acquire or invest in other businesses or technologies. The pursuit of potential acquisitions or investments may divert the attention of management and cause us to incur various expenses in identifying, investigating and pursuing suitable acquisitions, whether or not they are consummated. 
 We may not be able to integrate the acquired personnel, operations and technologies successfully, or effectively manage the combined business following the acquisition. Factors that may negatively impact our operating results, business and financial position, without limitation include the following: 
 Inability to integrate or benefit from acquired technologies, operations, or services in a profitable manner; 
 Unanticipated costs or liabilities associated with the acquisition; 
 Difficulty converting the clients of the acquired business onto our modules and contract terms, including disparities in the revenues, licensing, support or professional services model of the acquired company; 
 Diversion of management s attention from other business concerns; 
 Adverse effects to our existing business relationships with business partners and clients as a result of the acquisition; 
 The potential loss of key employees; 
 Use of resources that are needed in other parts of our business; 
 Use of substantial portions of our available cash to consummate the acquisition; and 
 Dilutive issuances of equity securities or the incurrence of debt. 
 In addition, a significant portion of the purchase price of companies we acquire may be allocated to acquired goodwill and other intangible assets, which must be assessed for impairment at least annually. In the future, if our acquisitions do not yield expected returns, we may be required to take charges to our operating results based on this impairment assessment process, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Cybersecurity and Intellectual Property Rights 
 If our security measures are breached or unauthorized access to client data or funds is otherwise obtained, our solutions may be perceived as not being secure, clients may reduce the use of or stop using our solutions and we may incur significant liabilities. 
 Our solutions involve the storage and transmission of our clients and their employees proprietary and confidential information. This information includes bank account numbers, tax return information, social security numbers, benefit information, retirement account information, payroll information, system passwords, and in the case of our benefit administration solution, BeneFLEX, health information protected by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended, or the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA ). In addition, we collect and maintain personal information on our own employees in the ordinary course of our business. Finally, our business involves the storage and transmission of funds from the accounts of our clients to their employees, taxing and regulatory authorities and others. As a result, unauthorized access or security breaches of our systems, the systems of our clients or use of confidential information we obtain during the normal course of our business could result in the unauthorized disclosure of confidential information, identity and financial theft, litigation, indemnity obligations and other significant liabilities. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not identified until they are employed, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures in advance. As cyber threats continue to evolve, we are focused on ensuring that our operating environments safeguard and protect personal and business information. We may be required to invest significant additional resources to comply with evolving cybersecurity regulations and to modify and enhance our information security and controls, and to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities. We have security measures and controls in place to protect confidential information, prevent data loss, theft and other security breaches, including penetration tests of our systems by independent third parties. However, if our security measures are breached, our business could be substantially harmed, and we could incur significant liabilities. The costs of investigating, mitigating, and reporting such a breach to affected individuals (if required) can be substantial. In addition, if a high-profile security breach occurs with respect to an industry peer, our clients and potential clients may generally lose trust in the security of HCM and payroll modules. Any such breach or unauthorized access could negatively affect our ability to attract new clients, cause existing clients to terminate their agreements with us, result in reputational damage and subject us to lawsuits, regulatory fines or other actions or liabilities which could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 There can be no assurance that the limitations of liability in our contracts would be enforceable or adequate or would otherwise protect us from any such liabilities or damages with respect to any particular claim related to a breach or unauthorized access. We also cannot be sure that our existing general liability insurance coverage and coverage for errors or omissions will continue to be available on acceptable terms or will be available in sufficient amounts to cover one or more large claims, or that the insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Any failure to protect our intellectual property rights could impair our ability to protect our proprietary technology and our brand. 
 Our success is dependent, in part, upon protecting our proprietary technology. Our proprietary technologies are not covered by any patent or patent application. Instead, we rely on a combination of copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade secret laws, and contractual restrictions to establish and protect our proprietary rights in our products and services. However, the steps we take to protect our intellectual property may be inadequate. We will not be able to protect our intellectual property if we are unable to enforce our rights or if we do not detect unauthorized use of our intellectual property. Despite our precautions, it may be possible for unauthorized third parties to copy our products and use information that we regard as proprietary to create products and services that compete with ours. Some license provisions protecting against unauthorized use, copying, transfer and disclosure of our products may be unenforceable under the laws of certain jurisdictions and foreign countries. 
 We enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees and consultants and enter into confidentiality agreements with the parties with whom we have strategic relationships and business alliances. No assurance can be given that these agreements will be effective in controlling access to and distribution of our products and proprietary information. The confidentiality agreements on which we rely to protect certain technologies may be breached and may not be adequate to protect our proprietary technologies. Further, these agreements do not prevent our competitors from independently developing technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior to our solutions. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 In order to protect our intellectual property rights, we may be required to spend significant resources, including cybersecurity resources, to monitor and protect these rights. Our intellectual property could be wrongfully acquired as a result of a cyberattack or other wrongful conduct by employees or third parties. Litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights and to protect our trade secrets. Litigation brought to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights could be costly, time consuming, and distracting to management and could result in the impairment or loss of portions of our intellectual property. Furthermore, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims, and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights. Our inability to protect our proprietary technology against unauthorized copying or use, as well as any costly litigation or diversion of our management s attention and resources, could delay further sales or the implementation of our solutions, impair the functionality of our solutions, delay introductions of new solutions, result in our substituting inferior or more costly technologies into our solutions, or damage our reputation. In addition, we may be required to license additional technology from third parties to develop and market new solutions, and we cannot assure you that we could license that technology on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Although we do not expect that our inability to license this technology in the future would have a material adverse effect on our business or operating results, our inability to license this technology could adversely affect our ability to compete. 
 We may be sued by third parties for alleged infringement of their proprietary rights. 
 There is considerable patent and other intellectual property development activity in our industry. Our success depends, in part, upon our not infringing upon the intellectual property rights of others. Our competitors, as well as a number of other entities and individuals, may own or claim to own intellectual property relating to our industry. From time to time, third parties may claim that we are infringing upon their intellectual property rights, and we may be found to be infringing upon such rights. In the future, others may claim that our modules and underlying technology infringe or violate their intellectual property rights. However, we may be unaware of the intellectual property rights that others may claim cover some or all of our technology or services. Any claims or litigation could cause us to incur significant expenses and, if successfully asserted against us, could require that we pay substantial damages or ongoing royalty payments, prevent us from offering our services, or require that we comply with other unfavorable terms. In connection with any such claim or litigation, we may also be obligated to indemnify our clients or business partners or pay substantial settlement costs, including royalty payments, and to obtain licenses, modify applications, or refund fees, which could be costly. Even if we were to prevail in such a dispute, any litigation regarding our intellectual property could be costly and time-consuming and divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations. 
 The use of open source software in our products and solutions may expose us to additional risks and harm our intellectual property rights. 
 Some of our products and solutions use or incorporate software that is subject to one or more open source licenses. Open source software is typically freely accessible, usable and modifiable. Certain open source software licenses require a user who intends to distribute the open source software as a component of the user s software to disclose publicly part or all of the source code to the user s software. In addition, certain open source software licenses require the user of such software to make any derivative works of the open source code available to others on potentially unfavorable terms or at no cost. 
 The terms of many open source licenses to which we are subject have not been interpreted by U.S. or foreign courts. Accordingly, there is a risk that those licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to commercialize our solutions. In that event, we could be required to seek licenses from third parties in order to continue offering our products or solutions, to re-develop our products or solutions, to discontinue sales of our products or solutions, or to release our proprietary software code under the terms of an open source license, any of which could harm our business. Further, given the nature of open source software, it may be more likely that third parties might assert copyright and other intellectual property infringement claims against us based on our use of these open source software programs. 
 While we monitor the use of all open source software in our products, solutions, processes and technology and try to ensure that no open source software is used in such a way as to require us to disclose the source code to the related product or solution when we do not wish to do so, it is possible that such use may have inadvertently occurred in deploying our proprietary solutions. In addition, if a third-party software provider has incorporated certain types of open source software into software we license from such third party for our products and solutions without our knowledge, we could, under certain circumstances, be required to disclose the source code to our products and solutions. This could harm our intellectual property position and our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory Matters 
 Changes in regulatory laws or requirements applicable to our software and services could impose increased costs on us, delay or prevent our introduction of new products and services and impair the function or value of our existing products and services. 
 Our products and services may become subject to increasing and/or changing regulatory requirements, including changes in tax, benefit, wage and hour, employment laws and other international and domestic laws, and as these requirements proliferate, we may be required to change or adapt our products and services to comply. Changing regulatory requirements might reduce or eliminate the need for some of our products and services, block us from developing new products and services or have an adverse effect on the functionality and acceptance of our solution. This might in turn impose additional costs upon us to comply, modify or further develop our products and services. It might also make introduction of new products and services more costly or more time-consuming than we currently anticipate or prevent introduction of such new products and services. For example, the adoption of new money transmitter or money services business statutes in jurisdictions or changes in regulators interpretation of existing state and federal money transmitter or money services business statutes or regulations, could subject us to registration or licensing or limit business activities until we are appropriately licensed. These occurrences could also impact how we conduct some aspects of our business or invest client funds, which could adversely impact interest income from investing client funds. Should any state or federal regulators determine that we have operated as an unlicensed money services business or money transmitter, we could be subject to civil and criminal fines, penalties, costs, legal fees, reputational damage or other negative consequences. Any of these regulatory implementations or changes could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition. 
 
 Some of our products incorporate new technologies such as artificial intelligence and machine learning. The ability to provide products powered by new and evolving technologies must be approached in a principled manner to navigate the complexities associated with the current or future regulatory requirements as well as social and ethical considerations. Additionally, failure by others in our industry, or actions taken by our clients, employees, or other end users (including misuse of these technologies) could negatively affect the adoption of our solutions and restrict our ability to continue to leverage novel technologies in innovative ways and subject us to reputational harm, regulatory action, or legal liability, which may harm our financial condition and operating results. 

Failure to comply with privacy laws and regulations may have a material adverse effect on reputation, financial condition, and/or operations. 
 
 Our processing of personal information for our employees and on behalf of our clients is subject to federal, state and international privacy laws. These laws, which are not uniform, generally regulate the collection, storage, transfer, and other processing of personal information; require notice to individuals of privacy practices before or at the point of collection; give individuals certain rights with respect to their personal information, including access, deletion and correction; regulate the use or disclosure of personal information for secondary purposes such as marketing; and require notification to affected individuals, clients, and/or regulators in the event of a data breach. 
 
 HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, and its implementing regulations, applies to our benefit administration solution, BeneFLEX. The European Union General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), and state consumer privacy laws like the California Consumer Protection Act ("CCPA"), as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 ("CPRA"), are among the most comprehensive privacy laws and apply to multiple areas of our business. Other countries and U.S. states are increasingly adopting similarly comprehensive laws that impose new data privacy protection requirements and restrictions on covered organizations. Notably, these laws can impose significant penalties and fines on organizations for non-compliance, such as 4 of worldwide revenue for the preceding year under the GDPR. 
 
 The worldwide regulatory focus on privacy has intensified during the past several years, in part triggered by the GDPR, and has led to the rapid evolution of legal requirements related to the handling of personal information in ways that require our business to adapt to support our clients compliance. As this focus continues, the potential risks related to handling personal information by our business will only increase. To add to the complexity of the existing privacy landscape, many areas of existing privacy laws are subject to interpretation, which imposes an added risk that adverse interpretations of these laws by advocacy groups and governments in countries where our clients operate could impose significant obligations on our business or prevent us from offering certain services in jurisdictions where we currently operate. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Enforcement actions and investigations by regulatory authorities related to security incidents and privacy violations continue to increase. Future enforcement actions or investigations could impact us through increased costs or restrictions on our businesses. A finding of noncompliance could result in significant regulatory penalties, legal liability and burdensome governmental oversight. Additionally, security events and concerns about privacy abuses by other companies are changing consumer and social expectations for enhanced privacy. As a result, a perception of noncompliance could damage our reputation with our current and potential clients, employees and stockholders. 
 Adverse tax laws or regulations could be enacted, or existing laws could be applied to us or our clients, which could increase the costs of our services and adversely impact our business. 
 The application of federal, state, and local tax laws to services provided electronically often involve complex issues and significant judgment. New or changes to existing income, sales, use or other tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be enacted at any time, possibly with retroactive effect, and could be applied solely or disproportionately to services provided over the Internet. These enactments could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition due to the inherent cost increase. 
 Moreover, each state has different rules and regulations governing sales and use taxes, and these rules and regulations are subject to varying interpretations that change over time. We review these rules and regulations periodically and, when we believe we are subject to sales and use taxes in a particular state, we may voluntarily engage state tax authorities to determine how to comply with that state s rules and regulations. We cannot, however, assure you that we will not be subject to sales and use taxes or related penalties for past sales in states where we currently believe no such taxes are required. If one or more taxing authorities determines that taxes should have, but have not, been paid with respect to our services, we might be liable for past taxes and the associated interest and penalty charges, in addition to taxes going forward, which will adversely affect our business, sales activity, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Any future litigation against us could be costly and time-consuming to defend. 
 We may become subject, from time to time, to legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business such as claims brought by our clients in connection with commercial disputes, employment claims made by our current or former employees, or lawsuits related to breaches of personal information. Litigation might result in substantial costs and may divert management s attention and resources, which might seriously harm our business, overall financial condition, and operating results. Insurance might not cover such claims, might not provide sufficient payments to cover all the costs to resolve one or more such claims and might not continue to be available on terms acceptable to us. A claim brought against us that is uninsured or underinsured could result in unanticipated costs, thereby harming our operating results and leading analysts or potential investors to lower their expectations of our performance, which could reduce the trading price of our stock. 
 Risks Related to Financial Matters 
 Certain of our debt agreements contain covenants that may constrain the operation of our business, and our failure to comply with these covenants could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition . 
 The revolving credit agreement that we amended in August 2022 contains restrictive covenants including restrictions regarding the incurrence of liens and indebtedness, substantial changes in the general nature of our business and our subsidiaries (taken as a whole), certain merger transactions, certain sales of assets and other matters, all subject to certain exceptions. Failure to comply with these covenants could have a negative impact on our business and financial condition. 
 Corporate investments and client funds that we hold are subject to market, interest rate, credit and liquidity risks. The loss of these funds could have an adverse impact on our business. 
 We invest portions of excess cash and cash equivalents and funds held for our clients in liquid, investment-grade marketable securities such as corporate bonds, commercial paper, asset-backed securities, U.S. treasury securities, money market securities, and other cash equivalents. We follow an established investment policy and set of guidelines to monitor and help mitigate our exposure to liquidity and credit risks. Nevertheless, our corporate investments and client fund assets are subject to general market, interest rate, credit, and liquidity risks. These risks may be exacerbated, individually or in unison, during periods of unusual financial market volatility. Any loss of or inability to access our corporate investments or client funds could have adverse impacts on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, funds held for clients are deposited in consolidated accounts on behalf of our clients, and as a result, the aggregate amounts in the accounts exceed the applicable federal deposit insurance limits. We believe that since such funds are deposited in trust on behalf of our clients, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or the FDIC, would treat those funds as if they had been deposited by each of the clients themselves and insure each client s funds up to the applicable deposit insurance limits. If the FDIC were to take the position that it is not obligated to provide deposit insurance for our clients funds or if the reimbursement of these funds were delayed, our business and our clients could be materially harmed. 
 Our reported financial results may be adversely affected by changes in accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 
 Generally accepted accounting principles in the United States are subject to interpretation by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, and various bodies formed to promulgate and interpret appropriate accounting principles. A change in these principles or interpretations could have a significant effect on our reported financial results, including increased volatility, and could affect the reporting of transactions completed before the announcement of a change. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 Insiders have substantial control over us, which may limit our stockholders ability to influence corporate matters and delay or prevent a third party from acquiring control over us. 
 As of July 28, 2023, our directors, executive officers and holders of more than 5 of our common stock, together with their respective affiliates, beneficially owned, in the aggregate, approximately 22.7 of our outstanding common stock. This significant concentration of ownership may adversely affect the trading price for our common stock because investors often perceive disadvantages in owning stock in companies with controlling stockholders. In addition, these stockholders will be able to exercise influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and approval of corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or its assets. This concentration of ownership could limit the ability of our other stockholders to influence corporate matters and may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control, including a merger, consolidation, or other business combination involving us, or discouraging a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control, even if that change in control would benefit our other stockholders. 
 Our stock price may be subject to wide fluctuations. 
 The market price of our common stock has experienced, and may continue to experience, wide fluctuations and increased volatility. Factors that may impact our performance and market price include those discussed elsewhere in this Risk Factors section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and others such as: 
 Our operating performance and the operating performance of similar companies; 
 Announcements by us or our competitors of acquisitions, business plans or commercial relationships; 
 Any major change in our board of directors or senior management; 
 Publication of research reports or news stories about us, our competitors, or our industry, or positive or negative recommendations or withdrawal of research coverage by securities analysts; 
 The public s reaction to our press releases, our other public announcements and our filings with the SEC; 
 Sales of our common stock by our directors, executive officers and affiliates; 
 Adverse market reaction to any indebtedness we may incur or securities we may issue in the future; 
 Short sales, hedging and other derivative transactions in our common stock; 
 Threatened or actual litigation; 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Public health issues such as the COVID-19 pandemic; and 
 Other events or factors, including changes in general conditions in the United States and global economies or financial markets (including acts of God, war, incidents of terrorism, inflationary pressures or other destabilizing events and the resulting responses to them). 
 In addition, the stock market in general and the market for software or technology-related companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. Securities class action litigation has often been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the overall market and in the market price of a company s securities. This litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs, divert our management s attention and resources, and harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 We do not currently intend to pay dividends on our common stock and, consequently, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend on appreciation in the price of our common stock. 
 We have not declared or paid dividends on our common stock in the past three fiscal years and do not currently intend to do so for the foreseeable future. We currently intend to invest our future earnings to fund our growth and other corporate initiatives. Therefore, you are not likely to receive any dividends on your common stock for the foreseeable future, and the success of an investment in shares of our common stock will depend upon future appreciation in its value, if any. There is no guarantee that shares of our common stock will appreciate in value or even maintain the price at which our stockholders purchased their shares. 
 Future issuances of shares of our common stock could depress the market price of our common stock. 
 Our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 155,000,000 shares of common stock and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock with such rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions as determined by the board of directors. We may issue all or any portion of the capital stock which has been authorized but not issued subject to applicable rules and regulations, which, may not require any action or approval by our stockholders. Also, in the future, we may issue additional securities in connection with investments and acquisitions. The amount of our common stock issued in connection with an investment or acquisition could constitute a material portion of our then outstanding stock. Due to these factors, issuances of a substantial number of shares of our common stock into the public market could occur at any time which could dilute the ownership proportion of current stockholders. 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and Delaware law could discourage, delay, or prevent a change in control of our company and may affect the trading price of our common stock. 
 We are a Delaware corporation and the anti-takeover provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which apply to us, may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control by prohibiting us from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, even if a change in control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. In addition, our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation and second amended and restated bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a change in our management or control over us that stockholders may consider favorable. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws: 
 Authorize the issuance of blank check convertible preferred stock that could be issued by our board of directors to thwart a takeover attempt; 
 Provide that vacancies on the board of directors, including newly-created directorships, may be filled only by a majority vote of directors then in office rather than by stockholders; 
 Prevent stockholders from calling special meetings; and 
 Prohibit stockholder action by written consent, requiring all actions to be taken at a meeting of the stockholders. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Our bylaws provide that the state and federal courts located within the state of Delaware are the sole and exclusive forums for certain legal actions involving the company or our directors, officers and employees. 
 Our second amended and restated bylaws designate the state and federal courts located within the state of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forums for claims arising derivatively, pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law or governed by the internal affairs doctrine. The choice of forum provision is expressly authorized by the Delaware General Corporation Law, which was amended so that companies would not have to litigate internal claims in more than one jurisdiction. If a court were to find the exclusive forum provision contained in our bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such extra-forum claims, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. This bylaws provision, therefore, may dissuade or discourage claimants from initiating lawsuits or claims against us or our directors and officers in forums other than Delaware. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Adverse economic and market conditions could affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our business depends on the overall demand for HCM and payroll software and services, and on the economic health of our current and prospective clients. As a result, we are subject to risks arising from adverse changes in economic and market conditions such as lower employment levels, increasing interest rates, inflation, volatility in capital markets, and instability of the banking environment, among other factors. During a slowdown in the economy, clients may reduce their number of employees and delay or reduce their spending on payroll and other HCM solutions or renegotiate their contracts with us. This could result in reductions in our revenues and sales of our products, longer sales cycles, increased price competition and clients purchasing fewer solutions than they have in the past. Any of these events would likely harm our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows from operations. 
 If we are unable to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our common stock may be negatively affected. 
 As a public company, we are required to maintain internal controls over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in such internal controls. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, requires that we evaluate and determine the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting and provide a management report on the internal controls over financial reporting. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that our management report on the internal controls over financial reporting be attested to by our independent registered public accounting firm. If we have a material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting, we may not detect errors on a timely basis and our financial statements may be materially misstated. Compliance with these public company requirements has made some activities more time-consuming, costly and complicated. If we identify material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting, if we are unable to assert that our internal controls over financial reporting are effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our common stock could be negatively affected, and we could become subject to investigations by the stock exchange on which our securities are listed, the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which could require additional financial and management resources. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 As of June 30, 2023, our corporate headquarters occupied approximately 326,000 square feet in Schaumburg, Illinois under leases with final expiration in October 2032. We also utilize office spaces consisting of approximately 70,000 square feet in Lake Mary, Florida and approximately 69,000 square feet in Meridian, Idaho as other major operations centers. We lease other smaller facilities, primarily across the U.S., that serve as data centers, sales offices and distribution centers. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 For additional information regarding obligations under operating leases, see Note 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 From time to time, we may become involved in litigation related to claims arising from the ordinary course of our business. We believe that there are no claims or actions pending or threatened against us, the ultimate disposition of which would have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol PCTY . 
 On July 28, 2023, the last reported sale price of our common stock on the NASDAQ Global Select Market was 226.04 per share, and there were 15 holders of record of our common stock. The actual number of holders of common stock is greater than these numbers of record holders and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners, but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and nominees. The number of holders of record also does not include stockholders whose shares may be held in trust by other entities. 
 Use of Proceeds from Initial Public Offering of Common Stock 
 On March 24, 2014, we completed our initial public offering, or IPO, of 8,101,750 shares of common stock, at a price of 17.00 per share, before underwriting discounts and commissions. We sold 5,366,667 of such shares and existing shareholders sold an aggregate of 2,735,083 of such shares. The offer and sale of all of the shares in the IPO were registered under the Securities Act pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-193661), which was declared effective by the SEC on March 18, 2014. 
 With the proceeds of the IPO, we repaid amounts outstanding under a note issued by us to Commerce Bank Trust Company on March 9, 2011, which totaled 1.1 million, paid 9.4 million for the purchase of substantially all of the assets of BFKMS Inc., and paid 9.5 million for the purchase of substantially all of the assets of Synergy Payroll LLC. 
 Use of Proceeds from Follow-On Offering of Common Stock 
 On December 17, 2014, we completed a follow-on offering of 4,960,000 shares of common stock at a price of 26.25 per share, before underwriting discounts and commissions. We sold 750,000 of such shares and existing shareholders sold an aggregate of 4,210,000 of such shares. The offer and sale of all of the shares in the follow-on offering were registered under the Securities Act pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-200448) which was declared effective by the SEC on December 11, 2014. There have been no material changes in the planned use of proceeds from the follow-on offering as described in the final prospectus filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) on December 12, 2014. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have not declared or paid dividends on our common stock since our IPO. Neither Delaware law nor our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires our board of directors to declare dividends on our common stock. Any future determination to declare cash dividends on our common stock will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, general business conditions and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. We do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. 
 Performance Graph 
 Notwithstanding any statement to the contrary in any of our filings with the SEC, the following information shall not be deemed filed with the SEC or soliciting material under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and shall not be incorporated by reference into any such filings irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 
 The following graph compares the total cumulative stockholder return on our common stock with the total cumulative return of the S P 500 Index, the S P Software Services Select Industry Index and the S P 1500 Application Software Index during the period commencing on June 30, 2018 and ending on June 30, 2023. The graph assumes that 100 was invested at the beginning of the period in our common stock and in each of the comparative indices, 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 and the reinvestment of any dividends. Historical stock price performance should not be relied upon as an indication of future stock price performance. 
 
 We selected the S P Software Services Select Industry Index as our industry index, replacing the S P 1500 Application Software Index used in prior years, as we believe the S P Software Services Select Industry Index represents a more appropriate peer group. The cumulative total return of the S P 1500 Application Software Index is presented in the graph above as required by Item 201(e)(4) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The statements included herein that are not based solely on historical facts are forward looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated by us in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed below and under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations covers fiscal 2023 and 2022 items and year-over-year comparisons between fiscal 2023 and 2022. Discussion of fiscal 2021 items and year-over-year comparisons between fiscal 2022 and 2021 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 202 2 that was filed with the SEC on August 5 , 202 2 . 
 
 Overview 
 We are a leading cloud-based provider of human capital management, or HCM, and payroll software solutions that deliver a comprehensive platform for the modern workforce. Our HCM and payroll platform offers an intuitive, easy-to-use product suite that helps businesses attract and retain talent, build culture and connection with their employees, and streamline and automate HR and payroll processes. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Effective management of human capital is a core function in all organizations and requires a significant commitment of resources. Our cloud-based software solutions, combined with our unified database architecture, are highly flexible and configurable and feature a modern, intuitive user experience. Our platform offers automated data integration with hundreds of third-party partner systems, such as 401(k), benefits and insurance provider systems. We plan to continue to invest in research and development efforts that will allow us to offer a broader selection of products to new and existing clients focused on experiences that solve our clients challenges. 
 We believe there is a significant opportunity to grow our business by increasing our number of clients, and we intend to invest in our business to achieve this purpose. We market and sell our solutions through our direct sales force. We have increased our sales and marketing expenses as we have added sales representatives and related sales and marketing personnel. We intend to continue to grow our sales and marketing organization across new and existing geographic territories. In addition to growing our number of clients, we intend to grow our revenue over the long term by increasing the number of solutions that clients purchase from us. To do so, we must continue to enhance and grow the number of solutions we offer to advance our platform. 
 We also believe that delivering a positive service experience is an essential element of our ability to sell our solutions and retain our clients. We supplement our comprehensive software solutions with an integrated implementation and client service organization, all of which are designed to meet the needs of our clients and sales prospects. We expect to continue to invest in and grow our implementation and client service organization as our client base grows. 
 We will continue to invest across our entire organization as we continue to grow our business over the long term. These investments include increasing the number of personnel across all functional areas, along with improving our solutions and infrastructure to support our growth. The timing and amount of these investments vary based on the rate at which we add new clients and personnel and scale our application development and other activities. Many of these investments will occur in advance of experiencing any direct benefit from them, which will make it difficult to determine if we are effectively allocating our resources. We expect these investments to increase our costs on an absolute basis, but as we grow our number of clients and our related revenues, we anticipate that we will gain economies of scale and increased operating leverage. As a result, we expect our gross and operating margins will improve over the long term. 
 Paylocity Holding Corporation is a Delaware corporation, which was formed in November 2013. Our business operations are conducted by our wholly owned subsidiaries. 
 
 Key Metrics 
 We regularly review a number of metrics, including the following key metrics, to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate financial projections and make strategic decisions. 
 Revenue Growth 
 Our recurring revenue model and high annual revenue retention rates provide significant visibility into our future operating results and cash flow from operations. This visibility enables us to better manage and invest in our business. Total revenues increased from 635.6 million in fiscal 2021 to 852.7 million in fiscal 2022, representing a 34 year-over-year increase. Total revenues increased from 852.7 million in fiscal 2022 to 1,174.6 million in fiscal 2023, representing a 38 year-over-year increase. During fiscal 2023, total revenue growth was driven by the strong performance by our sales team, continued annual revenue retention in excess of 92 , increases in client workforce levels and growth in interest income on funds held for clients attributable to rising interest rates and higher average daily balances for funds held for clients due to the addition of new clients and increases in client workforce levels as compared to the prior fiscal year. Our revenue growth in future periods may be impacted by fluctuations in client employee counts, potential increases in client losses, a changing interest rate environment, uncertainties around market and economic conditions including inflation risk, among other factors. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Client Count Growth 
 We believe there is a significant opportunity to grow our business by increasing our number of clients. Excluding clients acquired through acquisitions, we have increased the number of clients using our HCM and payroll software solutions from approximately 28,750 as of June 30, 2021 to approximately 36,200 as of June 30, 2023, representing a compound annual growth rate of approximately 12 . The table below sets forth the total number of clients using our HCM and payroll software solutions for the periods indicated, excluding clients acquired through acquisitions, rounded to the nearest fifty. 
 June 30, 2021 2022 2023 Client Count 28,750 33,300 36,200 
 The rate at which we add clients is highly variable period-to-period and highly seasonal as many clients switch solutions during the first calendar quarter of each year. Although many clients have multiple divisions, segments or locations, we only count such clients once for these purposes. 
 Annual Revenue Retention Rate 
 Our annual revenue retention rate has been in excess of 92 during each of the past three fiscal years. We calculate our annual revenue retention rate as our total revenue for the preceding 12 months, less the annualized value of revenue lost during the preceding 12 months, divided by our total revenue for the preceding 12 months. We calculate the annualized value of revenue lost by summing the recurring fees paid by lost clients over the previous twelve months prior to their termination if they have been a client for a minimum of twelve months. For those lost clients who became clients within the last twelve months, we sum the recurring fees for the period that they have been a client and then annualize the amount. We exclude interest income on funds held for clients from the revenue retention calculation. We believe that our annual revenue retention rate is an important metric to measure overall client satisfaction and the general quality of our product and service offerings. 
 Adjusted Gross Profit and Adjusted EBITDA 
 We use Adjusted Gross Profit and Adjusted EBITDA to evaluate our operating results. We prepare Adjusted Gross Profit and Adjusted EBITDA to eliminate the impact of items we do not consider indicative of our ongoing operating performance. However, Adjusted Gross Profit and Adjusted EBITDA are not measurements of financial performance under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, or GAAP, and these metrics may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. 
 We define Adjusted Gross Profit as gross profit before amortization of capitalized internal-use software costs and certain acquired intangibles and stock-based compensation expense and employer payroll taxes related to stock releases and option exercises. We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income before interest expense, income tax expense (benefit), depreciation and amortization expense, stock-based compensation expense and employer payroll taxes related to stock releases and option exercises, and other items as defined below. 
 We disclose Adjusted Gross Profit and Adjusted EBITDA, which are non-GAAP measures, because we believe these metrics assist investors and analysts in comparing our performance across reporting periods on a consistent basis by excluding items that we do not believe are indicative of our core operating performance. We believe these metrics are commonly used in the financial community to aid in comparisons of similar companies, and we present them to enhance investors understanding of our operating performance and cash flows. 
 Adjusted Gross Profit and Adjusted EBITDA have limitations as analytical tools. Some of these limitations include the following: 
 Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect our ongoing or future requirements for capital expenditures; 
 Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; 
 Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect our income tax expense or the cash requirement to pay our taxes; 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized may have to be replaced in the future, and Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect any cash requirements for such replacements; and 
 Other companies in our industry may calculate Adjusted Gross Profit and Adjusted EBITDA differently than we do, limiting their usefulness as a comparative measure. 
 Additionally, stock-based compensation will continue to be an element of our overall compensation strategy, although we exclude it from Adjusted Gross Profit and Adjusted EBITDA as an expense when evaluating our ongoing operating performance for a particular period. 
 Because of these limitations, you should not consider Adjusted Gross Profit as an alternative to gross profit or Adjusted EBITDA as an alternative to net income or net cash provided by operating activities, in each case as determined in accordance with GAAP. We compensate for these limitations by relying primarily on our GAAP results, and we use Adjusted Gross Profit and Adjusted EBITDA only as supplemental information. 
 Directly comparable GAAP measures to Adjusted Gross Profit and Adjusted EBITDA are gross profit and net income, respectively. We reconcile Adjusted Gross Profit and Adjusted EBITDA as follows: 
 Year Ended June 30, 2021 2022 2023 (in thousands) Reconciliation from Gross Profit to Adjusted Gross Profit Gross profit 416,329 565,649 807,559 Amortization of capitalized internal-use software costs 23,227 25,267 31,440 Amortization of certain acquired intangibles 1,853 7,414 Stock-based compensation expense and employer payroll taxes related to stock releases and option exercises 8,348 12,610 18,446 Other items (1) 121 19 Adjusted Gross Profit 447,904 605,500 864,878 
 Year Ended June 30, 2021 2022 2023 (in thousands) Reconciliation from Net income to Adjusted EBITDA Net income 70,819 90,777 140,822 Interest expense 1,002 498 752 Income tax expense (benefit) (13,715) (7,180) 17,792 Depreciation and amortization expense 42,972 50,218 60,866 EBITDA 101,078 134,313 220,232 Stock-based compensation expense and employer payroll taxes related to stock releases and option exercises 67,059 101,109 154,505 Other items (2) 1,891 2,378 446 Adjusted EBITDA 170,028 237,800 375,183 
 (1) Represents acquisition-related costs. 
 (2) Represents acquisition and other nonrecurring transaction-related costs and lease exit activity. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Basis of Presentation 
 Revenues 
 Recurring and Other Revenue 
 We derive the majority of our revenues from recurring fees attributable to our cloud-based HCM and payroll software solutions. Recurring fees for each client generally include a base fee in addition to a fee based on the number of client employees and the number of products a client uses. We also charge fees attributable to our preparation of W-2 documents and annual required filings on behalf of our clients. We charge implementation fees for professional services provided to implement our HCM and payroll solutions. Implementations of our payroll solutions typically require one to eight weeks, depending on the size and complexity of each client, at which point the new client s payroll is first processed using our solution. We implement additional HCM products as requested by clients and leverage the data within our payroll solution to accelerate our implementation processes. Our average client size has continued to be over 140 employees. 
 While the majority of our agreements with clients are generally cancellable by the client on 60 days notice or less, we also have entered into term agreements, which are generally two years in length. Our agreements do not include general rights of return and do not provide clients with the right to take possession of the software supporting the services being provided. We recognize recurring fees in the period in which services are provided and the related performance obligations have been satisfied. We defer implementation fees related to our proprietary products over a period generally up to 24 months. Recurring and other revenue accounted for approximately 99 , 99 and 93 of our total revenues during the years ended June 30, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. 
 Interest Income on Funds Held for Clients 
 We earn interest income on funds held for clients. We collect funds for employee payroll payments and related taxes in advance of remittance to employees and taxing authorities. Prior to remittance to employees and taxing authorities, we earn interest on these funds through demand deposit accounts with financial institutions with which we have automated clearing house, or ACH, arrangements. We also earn interest by investing a portion of funds held for clients in highly liquid, investment-grade marketable securities. 
 Cost of Revenues 
 Cost of revenues includes costs to provide our payroll and other HCM solutions which primarily consists of employee-related expenses, including wages, stock-based compensation, bonuses and benefits, relating to the provision of ongoing client support and implementation activities, payroll tax filing, distribution of printed checks and other materials as well as delivery costs, computing costs, amortization of certain acquired intangibles and bank fees associated with client fund transfers. Costs related to recurring support are generally expensed as incurred. Implementation costs related to our proprietary products are capitalized and amortized over a period of 7 years. Our cost of revenues is expected to increase in absolute dollars for the foreseeable future as we increase our client base. However, we expect to realize cost efficiencies over the long term as our business scales, resulting in improved operating leverage and increased margins. 
 We also capitalize a portion of our internal-use software costs, which are then primarily amortized as Cost of revenues. We amortized 23.2 million, 25.3 million and 31.4 million of capitalized internal-use software costs in fiscal 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of employee-related expenses for our direct sales and marketing staff, including wages, commissions, stock-based compensation, bonuses, benefits, marketing expenses and other related costs. Our sales personnel earn commissions and bonuses for attainment of certain performance criteria based upon new sales throughout the fiscal year. We capitalize certain selling and commission costs related to new contracts or purchases of additional services by our existing clients and amortize them over a period of 7 years. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 We will seek to grow our number of clients for the foreseeable future and therefore our sales and marketing expense is expected to continue to increase in absolute dollars as we grow our sales organization and expand our marketing activities. 
 Research and Development 
 Research and development expenses consist primarily of employee-related expenses for our research and development and product management staff, including wages, stock-based compensation, bonuses and benefits. Additional expenses include costs related to the development, maintenance, quality assurance and testing of new technologies and ongoing refinement of our existing solutions. Research and development expenses, other than internal-use software costs qualifying for capitalization, are expensed as incurred. 
 We capitalize a portion of our development costs related to internal-use software. The timing of our capitalized development projects may affect the amount of development costs expensed in any given period. The table below sets forth the amounts of capitalized and expensed research and development expenses for each of fiscal 2021, 2022 and 2023. 
 Year Ended June 30, 2021 2022 2023 (in thousands) Capitalized portion of research and development 31,744 42,234 55,582 Expensed portion of research and development 76,707 102,908 163,994 Total research and development 108,451 145,142 219,576 
 We expect to grow our research and development efforts as we continue to broaden our product offerings and extend our technological leadership by investing in the development of new technologies and introducing them to new and existing clients. We expect research and development expenses to continue to increase in absolute dollars but to vary as a percentage of total revenue on a period-to-period basis. 
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of employee-related costs, including wages, stock-based compensation, bonuses and benefits for our finance and accounting, legal, information systems, human resources and other administrative departments. Additional expenses include consulting and professional fees, occupancy costs, insurance and other corporate expenses. We expect our general and administrative expenses to continue to increase in absolute dollars as our company continues to grow. 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 Other income (expense) generally consists of interest income related to interest earned on our cash and cash equivalents and, if any, corporate investments, net of losses on disposals of property and equipment and interest expense related to our revolving credit facility. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth our statements of operations data for each of the periods indicated. 
 Year Ended June 30, 2021 2022 2023 (in thousands) Consolidated Statements of Operations Data: Revenues: Recurring and other revenue 631,725 847,694 1,098,036 Interest income on funds held for clients 3,902 4,957 76,562 Total revenues 635,627 852,651 1,174,598 Cost of revenues 219,298 287,002 367,039 Gross profit 416,329 565,649 807,559 Operating expenses: Sales and marketing 161,808 214,455 296,716 Research and development 76,707 102,908 163,994 General and administrative 119,771 163,692 191,823 Total operating expenses 358,286 481,055 652,533 Operating income 58,043 84,594 155,026 Other income (expense) (939) (997) 3,588 Income before income taxes 57,104 83,597 158,614 Income tax expense (benefit) (13,715) (7,180) 17,792 Net income 70,819 90,777 140,822 
 The following table sets forth our statements of operations data as a percentage of total revenue for each of the periods indicated. 
 Year Ended June 30, 2021 2022 2023 Consolidated Statements of Operations Data: Revenues: Recurring and other revenue 99 99 93 Interest income on funds held for clients 1 1 7 Total revenues 100 100 100 Cost of revenues 35 34 31 Gross profit 65 66 69 Operating expenses: Sales and marketing 25 25 25 Research and development 12 12 14 General and administrative 19 19 16 Total operating expenses 56 56 55 Operating income 9 10 14 Other income (expense) 0 0 0 Income before income taxes 9 10 14 Income tax expense (benefit) (2) (1) 2 Net income 11 11 12 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Comparison of Fiscal Years Ended June 30, 2021, 2022 and 2023 
 Revenues 
 in thousands) 
 Year Ended June 30, Change from 2021 to 2022 Change from 2022 to 2023 2021 2022 2023 Recurring and other revenue 631,725 847,694 1,098,036 215,969 34 250,342 30 Percentage of total revenues 99 99 93 Interest income on funds held for clients 3,902 4,957 76,562 1,055 27 71,605 1,445 Percentage of total revenues 1 1 7 
 Recurring and Other Revenue 
 Recurring and other revenue for the year ended June 30, 2023 increased by 250.3 million, or 30 , to 1,098.0 million from 847.7 million for the year ended June 30, 2022. Recurring and other revenue increased primarily as a result of incremental revenues from new and existing clients due to the strong performance by our sales team, continued annual revenue retention in excess of 92 and also increases in client workforce levels as compared to the prior fiscal year. Excluding clients acquired through acquisitions, the number of clients using our HCM and payroll software solutions at June 30, 2023 increased by 9 to approximately 36,200 from approximately 33,300 at June 30, 2022. 
 Interest Income on Funds Held for Clients 
 Interest income on funds held for clients for the year ended June 30, 2023 increased by 71.6 million, or 1,445 , to 76.6 million from 5.0 million for the year ended June 30, 2022. Interest income on funds held for clients increased primarily due to higher interest rates and higher average daily balances for funds held due to the addition of new clients to our client base and also increases in client workforce levels as compared to the prior fiscal year. 
 Cost of Revenues 
 in thousands) 
 Year Ended June 30, Change from 2021 to 2022 Change from 2022 to 2023 2021 2022 2023 Cost of revenues 219,298 287,002 367,039 67,704 31 80,037 28 Percentage of total revenues 35 34 31 Gross profit margin 65 66 69 
 Cost of revenues for the year ended June 30, 2023 increased by 80.0 million, or 28 , to 367.0 million from 287.0 million for the year ended June 30, 2022. Cost of revenues increased primarily as a result of the continued growth of our business, in particular, 44.6 million in additional employee-related costs resulting from additional personnel necessary to provide services to new and existing clients, 18.3 million in delivery and other processing-related fees and 5.5 million of additional stock-based compensation costs associated with our equity incentive plan. Gross profit margin increased from 66 for the year ended June 30, 2022 to 69 for the year ended June 30, 2023, which was primarily driven by total revenue growth and improved operating leverage. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Expenses 
 in thousands) 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Year Ended June 30, Change from 2021 to 2022 Change from 2022 to 2023 2021 2022 2023 Sales and marketing 161,808 214,455 296,716 52,647 33 82,261 38 Percentage of total revenues 25 25 25 
 Sales and marketing expenses for the year ended June 30, 2023 increased by 82.3 million, or 38 , to 296.7 million from 214.5 million for the year ended June 30, 2022. The increase in sales and marketing expense was primarily due to 53.9 million of additional employee-related costs, including those incurred to expand our sales team. The increase was also driven by 15.1 million of additional stock-based compensation costs associated with our equity incentive plan and 8.1 million in additional marketing lead generation costs. 
 Research and Development 
 Year Ended June 30, Change from 2021 to 2022 Change from 2022 to 2023 2021 2022 2023 Research and development 76,707 102,908 163,994 26,201 34 61,086 59 Percentage of total revenues 12 12 14 
 Research and development expenses for the year ended June 30, 2023 increased by 61.1 million, or 59 , to 164.0 million from 102.9 million for the year ended June 30, 2022. The increase in research and development expenses was primarily due to 47.4 million of additional employee-related costs related to additional development personnel and 17.8 million of additional stock-based compensation costs associated with our equity incentive plan, partially offset by 9.1 million in higher period-over-period capitalized internal-use software costs. 
 General and Administrative 
 Year Ended June 30, Change from 2021 to 2022 Change from 2022 to 2023 2021 2022 2023 General and administrative 119,771 163,692 191,823 43,921 37 28,131 17 Percentage of total revenues 19 19 16 
 General and administrative expenses for the year ended June 30, 2023 increased by 28.1 million, or 17 , to 191.8 million from 163.7 million for the year ended June 30, 2022. The increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily due to 12.8 million of additional stock-based compensation costs associated with our equity incentive plan and 12.3 million in additional employee-related costs. 
 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 Other income (expense) for the year ended June 30, 2023 increased by 4.6 million as compared to the year ended June 30, 2022. The change in other income (expense) was primarily due to higher interest income earned on our cash and cash equivalents as a result of higher interest rates. 
 
 Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 
 Our effective tax rates were (8.6) and 11.2 for the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2023, respectively. Our effective tax rates for the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2023 were lower than the federal statutory rate of 21 primarily due to benefits from stock-based compensation and research and development tax credits generated. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 See Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details on the components of income tax and a reconciliation of the U.S. federal statutory rate to the effective tax rate. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 
 In preparing our financial statements and accounting for the underlying transactions and balances in accordance with GAAP, we apply various accounting policies that require our management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our financial statements. We consider the policies discussed below critical to understanding our financial statements, as their application places the most significant demands on management s judgment. Management bases its estimates, judgments and assumptions on historical experience, current economic and industry conditions and on various other factors deemed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Because the use of estimates is an integral part of the financial reporting process, actual results could differ, and such differences could be material. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We apply Accounting Standards Codification ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers Topic 606 ), whereby we recognize revenue when we transfer control of goods or services to our customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which we expect to be entitled to for those goods or services. 
 We derive our revenue from contracts with clients predominantly from recurring and non-recurring service fees. Recurring fees are derived from payroll and HR related services including time and attendance, HR and talent management and benefits enrollment and administration services. Payroll services are delivered on a weekly, biweekly, semi-monthly, or monthly basis depending upon the payroll frequency of the client and on an annual basis if a client selects W-2 preparation and processing services. HR related services are typically delivered on a monthly basis. 
 The majority of our recurring fees are satisfied over time as services are provided. The performance obligations related to payroll services are satisfied upon the processing of a client s payroll with the fee charged and collected based on a per employee per payroll frequency fee. The performance obligations related to time and attendance services and HR related services are satisfied over time each month with the fee charged and collected based on a per employee per month fee. For subscription-based fees which can include payroll, time and attendance and HR related services, we recognize the applicable recurring fees over time each month with the fee charged and collected based on a per employee per month fee. We believe that the total fees charged to our clients is indicative of the standalone selling price as these fees are within the range of prices typically charged for our services to our clients. Even though our subscription-based services include multiple performance obligations, we do not believe it is meaningful to determine the standalone selling price for each service separately since these services are delivered and related revenue recognized within the same period. 
 We have certain optional performance obligations that are satisfied at a point in time including the sales of time clocks and W-2 preparation services. 
 Non-recurring service fees consist mainly of nonrefundable implementation fees, which involve setting up the client in, and loading data into, our cloud-based modules. These implementation activities are considered set-up activities. We have determined that the nonrefundable upfront fees provide certain clients with a material right to renew the contract. Implementation fees are deferred and amortized generally over a period up to 24 months. 
 Capitalized Internal-Use Software Costs 
 We apply ASC 350-40, Intangibles Goodwill and Other Internal-Use Software, to the accounting for costs of internal-use software. Software development costs are capitalized when module development begins, it is probable that the project will be completed, and the software will be used as intended. Costs associated with preliminary project stage activities, training, maintenance and all other post implementation stage activities are expensed as incurred. We also capitalize certain costs related to specific upgrades and enhancements when it is probable the expenditures will result in significant additional functionality. The capitalization policy provides for the capitalization of certain payroll costs for employees who are directly associated with developing internal-use software as well as certain external direct costs. Capitalized employee costs are limited to the time directly spent on such projects. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Internal-use software is amortized on a straight-line basis, generally over a two- to three-year period while certain projects that support our main processing activities are amortized over ten years. We evaluate the useful lives of these assets on an annual basis and test for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances occur that could impact the recoverability of these assets. There was no impairment to capitalized internal-use software during the years ended June 30, 2021, 2022 or 2023. We capitalized 31.7 million, 42.2 million and 55.6 million of internal-use software costs for the years ended June 30, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively, including stock-based compensation costs of 2.6 million, 7.1 million and 11.9 million for the years ended June 30, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. We amortized 23.2 million, 25.3 million and 31.4 million of capitalized internal-use software costs for the years ended June 30, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Business Combinations 
 
 We include the results of businesses acquired in our consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. We allocate the purchase price consideration associated with our acquisitions to the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their respective acquisition dates, with the excess recorded to goodwill. The purchase price allocations require us to make significant judgments and estimates in determining such fair values, particularly related to intangible assets. Such estimates used in valuation methodologies can include, but are not limited to, forecasted revenue growth rates and cost projections, expected time and costs to rebuild developed technology, and discount rates. These estimates are inherently uncertain and may be refined over the measurement period. Adjustments to the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed may be recorded during the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our primary liquidity needs are related to the funding of general business requirements, including working capital requirements, research and development, and capital expenditures. As of June 30, 2023, our principal sources of liquidity were 288.8 million of cash and cash equivalents. In July 2019, we entered into a five-year revolving credit agreement, which we amended in August 2022. The amended credit agreement provides for a 550.0 million revolving credit facility which may be increased up to 825.0 million. No amounts were drawn on the revolving credit facility as of June 30, 2023. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, we borrowed 100.0 million under the original credit facility, which we repaid in the third quarter of fiscal 2021. In the third quarter of fiscal 2022, we borrowed 50.0 million in connection with our acquisition of Cloudsnap, Inc., which we repaid within the same quarter. Refer to Note 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for additional details on the credit agreement and borrowing activity. 
 We may invest portions of our excess cash and cash equivalents in highly liquid, investment-grade marketable securities. These investments may consist of commercial paper, corporate debt issuances, asset-backed debt securities, certificates of deposit, U.S. treasury securities, U.S. government agency securities and other securities with credit quality ratings of A-1 or higher. As of June 30, 2023, we did not have any corporate investments classified as available-for-sale securities. 
 In order to grow our business, we intend to increase our personnel and related expenses and to make significant investments in our platform, data centers and general infrastructure. The timing and amount of these investments will vary based on our financial condition, the rate at which we add new clients and new personnel and the scale of our module development, data centers and other activities. Many of these investments will occur in advance of experiencing any direct benefit from them, which could negatively impact our liquidity and cash flows during any particular period and may make it difficult to determine if we are effectively allocating our resources. However, we expect to fund our operations, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other investments principally with cash flows from operations, and to the extent that our liquidity needs exceed our cash from operations, we would look to our cash on hand or utilize the borrowing capacity under our credit facility to satisfy those needs. 
 
 Funds held for clients and client fund obligations will vary substantially from period to period as a result of the timing of payroll and tax obligations due. Our payroll processing activities involve the movement of significant funds from accounts of employers to employees and relevant taxing authorities. Though we debit a client s account prior to any disbursement on its behalf, there is a delay between our payment of amounts due to employees and taxing and other regulatory authorities and when the incoming funds from the client to cover these amounts payable actually clear into our operating accounts. We currently have agreements with various major U.S. banks to execute ACH and wire transfers to 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 support our client payroll and tax services. We believe we have sufficient capacity under these ACH arrangements to handle all transaction volumes for the foreseeable future. We primarily collect fees for our services via ACH transactions at the same time we debit the client s account for payroll and tax obligations and thus are able to reduce collectability and accounts receivable risks. 
 We believe our current cash and cash equivalents, future cash flow from operations, and access to our credit facility will be sufficient to meet our ongoing working capital, capital expenditure and other liquidity requirements for at least the next 12 months, and thereafter, for the foreseeable future. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table sets forth data regarding cash flows for the periods indicated: 
 Year Ended June 30, 2021 2022 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 124,850 155,053 282,723 Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of available-for-sale securities and other (433,962) (598,895) Proceeds from sales and maturities of available-for-sale securities 101,467 116,848 446,751 Capitalized internal-use software costs (28,594) (34,515) (45,004) Purchases of property and equipment (9,461) (18,069) (21,910) Acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired (14,992) (107,576) Other investing activities (2,500) (1,104) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 48,420 (479,774) (220,162) Cash flows from financing activities: Net change in client fund obligations 432,373 2,228,038 (1,362,421) Borrowings under credit facility 50,000 Repayment of credit facility (100,000) (50,000) Proceeds from exercise of stock options 146 Proceeds from employee stock purchase plan 12,214 14,103 16,916 Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards (64,191) (69,761) (88,312) Payment of debt issuance costs (64) (87) (885) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 280,478 2,172,293 (1,434,702) Net change in cash, cash equivalents and funds held for clients' cash and cash equivalents 453,748 1,847,572 (1,372,141) 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 124.9 million, 155.1 million and 282.7 million for the years ended June 30, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. 
 The change in net cash provided by operating activities from fiscal 2022 to fiscal 2023 was primarily due to improved operating results after adjusting for non-cash items including stock-based compensation expense, depreciation and amortization expense and deferred income tax expense (benefit), partially offset by net changes in operating assets and liabilities during the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to the year ended June 30, 2022. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Investing Activities 
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities was 48.4 million, (479.8) million and (220.2) million, for the years ended June 30, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities is significantly impacted by the timing of purchases and sales and maturities of investments as we may invest a portion of our excess cash and cash equivalents and funds held for clients in highly liquid, investment-grade marketable securities. The amount of funds held for clients invested will vary based on timing of client funds collected and payments due to client employees and taxing and other regulatory authorities. 
 The change in net cash provided by (used in) investing activities from fiscal 2022 to fiscal 2023 was primarily due to an increase in proceeds from sales and maturities of available-for-sale securities of 329.9 million and a decrease of 107.6 million in amounts paid for acquisitions, net of cash acquired, partially offset by 164.9 in additional purchases of available-for-sale securities during the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to the year ended June 30, 2022. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities was 280.5 million, 2,172.3 million and (1,434.7) million for the years ended June 30, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. The change in net cash provided by (used in) financing activities was primarily the decrease in client fund obligations of 3,590.5 million due to the timing of client funds collected and related remittance of those funds to client employees and taxing authorities during the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to the year ended June 30, 2022. 
 
 Capital Expenditures 
 We expect to continue to invest in capital spending as we continue to grow our business and expand and enhance our operating facilities, data centers and technical infrastructure. Future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our rate of sales growth. In the event that our sales growth or other factors do not meet our expectations, we may eliminate or curtail capital projects in order to mitigate the impact on our use of cash. Capital expenditures were 9.5 million, 18.1 million and 21.9 million for the years ended June 30, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively, exclusive of capitalized internal-use software costs of 28.6 million, 34.5 million, and 45.0 million for the same periods, respectively. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 
 Our principal commitments consist of 81.3 million in operating lease obligations, of which 10.1 million is due in the next twelve months. Refer to Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for additional details on our lease activity. We also have 59.0 million in purchase obligations, of which 32.2 million is due in the next twelve months. 
 
 New Accounting Pronouncements 
 Refer to Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for a discussion of recently issued accounting standards. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 Substantially all of our operations take place in the United States and are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business. These risks primarily include interest rate and certain other exposures as well as risks relating to changes in the general economic conditions in the United States. We have not used, nor do we intend to use, derivatives to mitigate the impact of interest rate or other exposure or for trading or speculative purposes. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 As of June 30, 2023, we had cash and cash equivalents of 288.8 million and funds held for clients of 2,621.4 million. We deposit our cash and cash equivalents and significant portions of our funds held for clients in demand deposit accounts with various financial institutions. We may invest portions of our excess cash and cash equivalents and funds held for clients in marketable securities including money market funds, commercial paper, corporate debt issuances, asset-backed debt securities, certificates of deposit, U.S. treasury securities, U.S. government agency securities and other securities. Our investment policy is focused on generating higher yields from these investments while preserving liquidity 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 and capital. However, as a result of our investing activities, we are exposed to changes in interest rates that may materially affect our financial statements. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 In a falling rate environment, a decline in interest rates would decrease our interest income earned on both cash and cash equivalents and funds held for clients. An increase in the overall interest rate environment may cause the market value of our investments in fixed rate available-for-sale securities to decline. If we are forced to sell some or all of these securities at lower market values, we may incur investment losses. However, because we classify all marketable securities as available-for-sale, no gains or losses are recognized due to changes in interest rates until such securities are sold or decreases in fair value are deemed due to expected credit losses. We have not recorded credit impairment losses on our portfolio to date. 
 Based upon a sensitivity model that measures market value changes caused by interest rate fluctuations, an immediate 100-basis point increase in interest rates would have resulted in a decrease in the market value of our available-for-sale securities by 5.0 million as of June 30, 2023. An immediate 100-basis point decrease in interest rates would have resulted in an increase in the market value of our available-for-sale securities by 5.0 million as of June 30, 2023. Fluctuations in the value of our available-for-sale securities caused by changes in interest rates are recorded in other comprehensive income and are only realized if we sell the underlying securities. 
 Additionally, as described in Note 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , we entered into a first amendment to our credit agreement that provides for a revolving credit facility credit facility in the aggregate amount of 550.0 million, which may be increased up to 825.0 million. Borrowings under the credit facility generally bear interest at a rate based upon the Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus the SOFR Adjustment or an adjusted base rate plus an applicable margin based on our then-applicable net total leverage ratio. As of June 30, 2023 , there were no amounts drawn on the credit facility. To the extent that we draw additional amounts under the credit facility, we may be exposed to increased market risk from changes in the underlying index rates, which affects our interest expense. 
 Inflation Risk 
 We do not believe that inflation has had a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Nonetheless, if our costs were to become subject to significant inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs through price increases. Our inability or failure to do so could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes set forth starting on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act refers to controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to a company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Our management, with the participation of our Co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of June 30, 2023, the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based upon such evaluation, our Co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of such date. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Our management, including our Co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) (2013 framework). Based on this evaluation under the Internal Control Integrated Framework, our Co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of June 30, 2023. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm, which has audited our financial statements, has also audited the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, as stated in their report, which is included in Item 15(a)(1) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2023, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Limitations on Controls 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives as specified above. Management does not expect, however, that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all error and fraud. Any control system, no matter how well designed and operated, is based upon certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that its objectives will be met. Further, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 None. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Information required by Part III, Item 10, will be included in our Proxy Statement relating to our 2024 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 Information required by Part III, Item 11, will be included in our Proxy Statement relating to our 2024 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 Information required by Part III, Item 12, will be included in our Proxy Statement relating to our 2024 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 Information required by Part III, Item 13, will be included in our Proxy Statement relating to our 2024 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is , , Audit Firm ID: . 
 Information required by Part III, Item 14, will be included in our Proxy Statement relating to our 2024 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Documents Filed with Report 
 (1) Financial Statements. 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 202 2 and 202 3 
 F- 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the years ended June 30, 202 1 , 202 2 and 202 3 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended June 30, 202 1 , 202 2 and 202 3 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended June 30, 202 1 , 202 2 and 20 23 
 F- 7 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 8 
 
 (2) Exhibits. 
 The information required by this Item is set forth on the Exhibit Index immediately following this page. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit Number Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant. 
 8-K 001-36348 3.1 December 3, 2021 3.2 Second Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Registrant. 
 8-K 001-36348 3.2 December 3, 2021 4.1 Amended and Restated Investor Rights Agreement, dated June 29, 2012. 
 S-1 333-193661 4.1 January 30, 2014 4.2 Description of Securities. 
 10-K 001-36348 4.2 August 5, 2022 10.1 Form of Indemnification Agreement for directors and officers. 
 S-1 333-193661 10.2 January 30, 2014 10.2 2014 Equity Incentive Plan and forms of agreement thereunder. 
 S-1/A 333-193661 10.4 February 14, 2014 10.2.1 Form of Market Stock Units Notice of Grant and Award Agreement under the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 8-K 001-36348 10.1 August 18, 2020 10.2.2 Form of Executive Restricted Stock Unit Notice of Grant and Award Agreement under 2014 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 10-Q 001-36348 10.5 May 6, 2022 10.3 Third Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement between Paylocity Corporation and Steven R. Beauchamp, dated February 7, 2014. 
 S-1/A 333-193661 10.5 February 14, 2014 10.4 
 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 S-1/A 333-193661 10.9 February 14, 2014 10.5 Multi-Tenant Office Lease Agreement, dated June 1, 2016, by and between Paylocity Corporation and RPAI Schaumburg American Lane, L.L.C. 
 8-K 001-36348 10.1 June 2, 2016 10.6 Equity Purchase Agreement among Paylocity Corporation, Blue Marble Payroll, LLC and the Equityholders party thereto, dated August 31, 2021. 
 8-K 001-36348 10.1 September 1, 2021 10.7 Executive Employment Agreement between Paylocity Corporation and Rachit Lohani, dated September 27, 2021. 
 10-K 001-36348 10.11 August 5, 2022 10.8 Amendment to Executive Employment Agreement between Paylocity Corporation and Toby J. Williams, dated March 11, 2022. 
 8-K 001-36348 10.1 March 14, 2022 10.9 Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement between Paylocity Corporation and Ryan Glenn, dated March 11, 2022. 
 8-K 001-36348 10.2 March 14, 2022 10.10 Transition and Separation Agreement between Paylocity Corporation and Michael Haske, dated March 11, 2022. 
 8-K 001-36348 10.3 March 14, 2022 10.11 Consulting Services Agreement between Paylocity Corporation and Michael Haske, dated March 11, 2022. 
 8-K 001-36348 10.4 March 14, 2022 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.12 Separation and Release agreement between Paylocity Corporation and Mark Kinsey, dated June 30, 2022. 
 8-K 001-36348 10.4 July 1, 2022 10.13 Credit Agreement by and among Paylocity Holding Corporation, the Guarantor party thereto, the Lenders party thereto, PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, and PNC Capital Markets, LLC, as sole lead arranger and sole bookrunner, dated July 17, 2019. 
 8-K 001-36348 10.1 July 17, 2019 10.14 First Amendment to Credit Agreement and Security Agreement, dated as of August 19, 2022, by and among Paylocity Holding Corporation, the Guarantor party thereto, the Lenders party thereto, PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, and PNC Capital Markets, LLC and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners. 
 8-K 001-36348 10.1 August 22, 2022 10.15 Executive Employment Agreement between Paylocity Corporation and Joshua Scutt, dated August 16, 2021. 
 10.16 Executive Employment Agreement between Paylocity Corporation and Katherine Ross, dated December 1, 2022. 
 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 10-K 001-36348 21.1 August 5, 2022 23.1 Consent of KPMG LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 24.1 Power of Attorney (see page 50 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K). 
 31.1 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer Required Under Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 31.2 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer Required Under Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 31.3 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Required Under Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 32.1 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer Under Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 32.2 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer Required Under Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.3 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Required Under Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 _________________________________________ 
 Management contract, compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 PAYLOCITY HOLDING CORPORATION Date: August 4, 2023 
 By: /s/ Steven R. Beauchamp Steven R. Beauchamp Co-Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Director Date: August 4, 2023 
 By: /s/ Toby J. Williams Toby J. Williams President, Co-Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Director 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES AND POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 Each person whose individual signature appears below hereby authorizes and appoints Steven R. Beauchamp, Toby J. Williams, and Ryan Glenn, and each of them, with full power of substitution and resubstitution and full power to act without the other, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent to act in his or her name, place and stead and to execute in the name and on behalf of each person, individually and in each capacity stated below, and to file any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing, ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them or their or his substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Steven R. Beauchamp Co-Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Director August 4, 2023 Steven R. Beauchamp /s/ Toby J. Williams President, Co-Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Director August 4, 2023 Toby J. Williams /s/ Ryan Glenn Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) August 4, 2023 Ryan Glenn /s/ Nicholas Rost Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) August 4, 2023 Nicholas Rost /s/ Steven I. Sarowitz Chairman of the Board of Directors August 4, 2023 Steven I. Sarowitz /s/ Virginia G. Breen Director August 4, 2023 Virginia G. Breen /s/ Ellen Carnahan Director August 4, 2023 Ellen Carnahan /s/ Jeffrey T. Diehl Director August 4, 2023 Jeffrey T. Diehl /s/ Robin L. Pederson Director August 4, 2023 Robin L. Pederson /s/ Andres D. Reiner Director August 4, 2023 Andres D. Reiner 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 /s/ Kenneth B. Robinson Director August 4, 2023 Kenneth B. Robinson /s/ Ronald V. Waters, III Director August 4, 2023 Ronald V. Waters, III 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page Consolidated Financial Statements: Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 202 2 and 202 3 
 F- 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the years ended June 30, 202 1 , 202 2 and 20 23 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended June 30, 202 1 , 202 2 and 202 3 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended June 30, 202 1 , 202 2 and 202 3 
 F- 7 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 8 
 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 Paylocity Holding Corporation: 
 Opinions on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Paylocity Holding Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended June 30, 2023, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended June 30, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023 based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 

 directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Capitalized internal-use software development costs 
 
 As discussed in Notes 2 and 8 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company capitalizes certain internal-use software costs related to new products as well as existing products when those costs will result in significant additional functionality. The Company s capitalized internal-use software asset, net of accumulated amortization, was 86.1 million as of June 30, 2023. The Company capitalized approximately 55.6 million of internal-use software costs during the year ended June 30, 2023. 
 
 We identified the determination of capitalized internal-use software development costs as a critical audit matter because of the degree of subjectivity involved in assessing which projects met the capitalization criteria. 
 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of an internal control related to the critical audit matter. This control related to the determination of which software development projects met the capitalization criteria. For a selection of current year capitalized software costs, we evaluated the Company s determination to capitalize the costs by reading the Company s analysis and discussing the objective and status of the projects with IT department management. We also assessed a sample of the Company s capitalized costs by confirming the nature of the activities performed with individual software developers. 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2013. 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 August 4, 2023 

F-3 

Table of Contents 

PAYLOCITY HOLDING CORPORATION 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 June 30, 2022 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Deferred contract costs Prepaid expenses and other Total current assets before funds held for clients Funds held for clients Total current assets Capitalized internal-use software, net Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Intangible assets, net Goodwill Long-term deferred contract costs Long term prepaid expenses and other Deferred income tax assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Total current liabilities before client fund obligations Client fund obligations Total current liabilities Long-term operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Deferred income tax liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value, authorized, shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2023 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized at June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2023; shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2022 and shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2023 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 

 PAYLOCITY HOLDING CORPORATION 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 Year Ended June 30, 2021 2022 2023 Revenues: Recurring and other revenue Interest income on funds held for clients Total revenues Cost of revenues Gross profit Operating expenses: Sales and marketing Research and development General and administrative Total operating expenses Operating income Other income (expense) ) ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) ) Comprehensive income Net income per share: Basic Diluted Weighted-average shares used in computing net income per share: Basic Diluted 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 

 PAYLOCITY HOLDING CORPORATION 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 (in thousands) 
 Stockholders' Equity Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Balances at June 30, 2020 Stock-based compensation Stock options exercised Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units ) Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan Net settlement for taxes and/or exercise price related to equity awards ) ) ) Unrealized losses on securities, net of tax ) ) Net income Balances at June 30, 2021 Stock-based compensation Stock options exercised Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan Net settlement for taxes and/or exercise price related to equity awards ) ) ) Unrealized losses on securities, net of tax ) ) Net income Balances at June 30, 2022 ) Stock-based compensation Stock options exercised Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan Net settlement for taxes and/or exercise price related to equity awards ) ) ) Unrealized losses on securities, net of tax ) ) Net income Balances at June 30, 2023 ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 

 PAYLOCITY HOLDING CORPORATION 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 
 Year Ended June 30, 2021 2022 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities Stock-based compensation expense Depreciation and amortization expense Deferred income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Provision for credit losses Net amortization of premiums (accretion of discounts) on available-for-sale securities ) Amortization of debt issuance costs Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) ) Deferred contract costs ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other ) ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of available-for-sale securities and other ) ) Proceeds from sales and maturities of available-for-sale securities Capitalized internal-use software costs ) ) ) Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired ) ) Other investing activities ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Net change in client fund obligations ) Borrowings under credit facility Repayment of credit facility ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Proceeds from employee stock purchase plan Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) ) Payment of debt issuance costs ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents and funds held for clients' cash and cash equivalents ) Cash, cash equivalents and funds held for clients' cash and cash equivalents beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and funds held for clients' cash and cash equivalents end of year Supplemental Disclosure of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities Purchases of property and equipment and internal-use software, accrued but not paid Liabilities assumed for acquisitions Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information Cash paid for interest Cash paid (refunds received) for income taxes ) Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and funds held for clients' cash and cash equivalents to the Consolidated Balance Sheets Cash and cash equivalents Funds held for clients' cash and cash equivalents Total cash, cash equivalents and funds held for clients' cash and cash equivalents See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 

 PAYLOCITY HOLDING CORPORATION 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (all amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

F-8 

Table of Contents 

 of the balance sheet date. 
 days and over a specified amount are reviewed individually for collectability. All other balances are reviewed on a pooled basis. Account balances are charged off against the allowance after all commercially reasonable means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. The Company does not have any off-balance-sheet credit exposure related to its clients. 
 years based on the Company s average client life and other qualitative factors, including rate of technological changes. The Company does not incur any additional costs to obtain or fulfill contracts upon renewal. The Company recognizes additional selling and commission costs and fulfillment costs when an existing client purchases additional services. These additional costs only relate to the additional services purchased and do not relate to the renewal of previous services. Management evaluates deferred contract costs for impairment if changes in circumstances occur that could impact the recoverability of the costs to obtain or fulfill contracts with the Company s customers. 
 . Management evaluates the useful lives of these assets on an annual basis and tests for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances occur that could impact the recoverability of these assets. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 

 for most classes of assets, or over the term of the related lease for leasehold improvements. 
 Long-lived assets, such as property and equipment, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. If circumstances require a long-lived asset or asset group to be tested for possible impairment, the Company first compares the undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by that asset or asset group to its carrying amount. If the carrying amount of the long-lived asset or asset group is not recoverable on an undiscounted cash flow basis, an impairment is recognized to the extent that the carrying amount exceeds its fair value. Fair value is determined through various valuation techniques including discounted cash flow models, quoted market values and third-party independent appraisals, as considered necessary. 

period from the date of acquisition, proprietary technology over a five to period from the date of acquisition and trade names over a period from the date of acquisition. Non-solicitation agreements use the straight-line method of amortization over the term of the related agreements. The Company tests intangible assets for potential impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable. 
 impairment was recorded in fiscal 2021, 2022 or 2023 as a result of the Company s qualitative assessments over its single reporting segment. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 

F-11 

Table of Contents 

 days notice or less, the Company offers term agreements to its clients, which are generally in length. Recurring fees are derived from cloud-based payroll and HCM software solutions as follows: 
 Payroll processing and related services, including payroll reporting and tax filing services, are delivered on a weekly, biweekly, semi-monthly, or monthly basis depending upon the payroll frequency of the client and on an annual basis if a client selects W-2 preparation and processing services, 
 Time and attendance reporting services, including time clock rentals, are delivered on a monthly basis, and 
 HR-related software solutions, including employee management and benefits enrollment and administration, are delivered on a monthly basis. 
 The majority of the Company s recurring fees are satisfied over time as services are provided. The performance obligations related to payroll services are satisfied upon the processing of the client s payroll with the fee charged and collected based on a per employee per payroll frequency fee. The performance obligations related to HCM related services are satisfied over time each month with the fee charged and collected based on a per employee per month fee. For subscription-based fees which can include payroll, time and attendance, and other HCM related services, the Company recognizes the applicable recurring fees over time each month with the fee charged and collected based on a per employee per month fee. 
 The Company has certain optional performance obligations that are satisfied at a point in time including the sales of time clocks and W-2 services. 
 Non-recurring service fees consist mainly of nonrefundable implementation fees, which involve setting the client up in, and loading data into, the Company s cloud-based modules. These implementation activities are considered set-up activities. The Company has determined that the nonrefundable upfront fees provide certain clients with a material right to renew the contract. Implementation fees are deferred and amortized generally over a period up to months. 
 Sales taxes collected from clients and remitted to governmental authorities where applicable are accounted for on a net basis and therefore are excluded from revenues in the Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. 
 Interest income earned on funds held for clients is recognized in Interest income on funds held for clients when earned as the collection, holding and remittance of these funds are components of providing services to clients. 
 
 years. 
 
 Advertising costs amounted to , and for the years ended June 30, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 

Implementation services and other Total revenues from contracts 
 Deferred revenue 
 The timing of revenue recognition for recurring revenue is consistent with the timing of invoicing as they occur simultaneously upon the client payroll-processing period or by month. As such, the Company does not recognize contract assets or liabilities related to recurring revenue. 
 The Company defers and amortizes nonrefundable upfront fees related to implementation services generally over a period up to months based on the type of contract. 
 Deferral of revenue Revenue recognized ) ) Balance at end of the year 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 

 in fiscal 2024, in fiscal 2025, and thereafter. 
 Deferred contract costs 
 ) Costs to fulfill a contract ) Total ) 
 Year Ended June 30, 2023 Beginning Balance Capitalized Costs Amortization Ending Balance Costs to obtain a new contract ) Costs to fulfill a contract ) Total ) 
 Deferred contract costs are recorded within Deferred contract costs and Long-term deferred contract costs on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Amortization of deferred contract costs is primarily recorded in Cost of revenues and Sales and marketing in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. The Company did record any impairment losses associated with its deferred contract costs during the years ended June 30, 2021, 2022 or 2023. 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 as of June 30, 2023, which will be generally recognized over the next months. 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 

 Funds held for clients' cash and cash equivalents ) Available-for-sale securities: Commercial paper ) Corporate bonds ) Asset-backed securities ) Certificates of deposit ) U.S treasury securities ) U.S government agency securities ) Other ) Total available-for-sale securities ) Total investments ) 
 June 30, 2023 Type of Issue Amortized cost Gross unrealized gains Gross unrealized losses Fair value Cash and cash equivalents Funds held for clients' cash and cash equivalents Available-for-sale securities: Commercial paper ) Corporate bonds ) Asset-backed securities ) Certificates of deposit ) U.S treasury securities ) U.S government agency securities ) Other ) Total available-for-sale securities ) Total investments ) 
 All available-for-sale securities were included in Funds held for clients at June 30, 2022 and 2023. 
 Cash and cash equivalents and funds held for clients cash and cash equivalents included demand deposit accounts, money market funds, commercial paper and certificates of deposit as of June 30, 2022 and 2023. 
 Funds held for clients Total investments 
 F-15 

Table of Contents ) Corporate bonds ) ) Asset-backed securities ) ) Certificates of deposit ) ) U.S. treasury securities ) ) U.S. government agency securities ) ) Other ) ) Total available-for-sale securities ) ) 
 June 30, 2023 Securities in an unrealized loss position for less than 12 months Securities in an unrealized loss position for greater than 12 months Total Gross unrealized losses Fair Value Gross unrealized losses Fair value Gross unrealized losses Fair value Commercial paper ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) ) Asset-backed securities ) ) ) Certificates of deposit ) ) U.S. treasury securities ) ) ) U.S. government agency securities ) ) Other ) ) ) Total available-for-sale securities ) ) ) 
 The Company regularly reviews the composition of its portfolio to determine the existence of credit impairment. The Company did recognize any credit impairment losses during the years ended June 30, 2021, 2022 or 2023. All securities in the Company's portfolio held an A-1 rating or better as of June 30, 2023. 
 The Company did make any material reclassification adjustments out of Accumulated other comprehensive income for realized gains and losses on the sale of available-for-sale securities during the years ended June 30, 2021, 2022 or 2023. Gross realized gains and losses on the sale of available-for-sale securities were immaterial for the years ended June 30, 2021, 2022 and 2023. 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 

 One year to two years Two years to three years Three years to five years Total available-for-sale securities 
 
 available-for-sale securities classified in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy at June 30, 2022 or 2023. 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 

 Funds held for clients' cash and cash equivalents Available-for-sale securities: Commercial paper Corporate bonds Asset-backed securities Certificates of deposit U.S. treasury securities U.S. government agency securities Other Total available-for-sale securities Total investments 
 June 30, 2023 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Cash and cash equivalents Funds held for clients' cash and cash equivalents Available-for-sale securities: Commercial paper Corporate bonds Asset-backed securities Certificates of deposit U.S. treasury securities U.S. government agency securities Other Total available-for-sale securities Total investments 
 Assets and Liabilities Recorded at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis 
 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 

 Accrued interest on funds held for clients Other Gross accounts receivable Allowance for credit losses ) ) Accounts receivable, net 
 Charged to expense Write-offs ) ) ) Balance at the end of the year 

, which was paid in cash upon closing. Samepage offers digital collaboration tools including task management, file sharing, real-time collaboration and more. This transaction expands the Company s product functionality in these areas and demonstrates its commitment to building a modern workforce suite of solutions that meet the needs of HR teams and employees. The allocation of the purchase price for Samepage was approximately of goodwill, of proprietary technology and other immaterial assets and liabilities. 
 On August 31, 2021, the Company entered into an Equity Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with Blue Marble Payroll, LLC Blue Marble and its equity holders and acquired all of the issued and outstanding equity interests of Blue Marble for cash consideration of , subject to customary purchase price adjustments. Blue Marble s payroll platform enables U.S.-based companies to manage payroll for employees outside the U.S. in line with complex local and country-specific requirements across many countries. This acquisition enables the Company to better serve its clients in managing their international workforces through a unified solution to pay employees, automate processes and stay compliant with regulations in other countries. 
 An entity affiliated with Steven I. Sarowitz, the Chairman of the Board of Directors and the largest shareholder of the Company, was the largest equity holder of Blue Marble. The Board of Directors of the Company appointed the Audit Committee, which is comprised solely of directors who are independent of the management of Blue Marble, the Blue Marble equity holders and the Company, to evaluate, assess and negotiate on its behalf the terms and conditions in the Purchase Agreement. The Audit Committee and the disinterested directors of the Company s Board of Directors unanimously approved the Purchase Agreement and transactions specified within it. 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 

 Client relationships Trade names Goodwill Other assets acquired Liabilities assumed ) Total purchase price 
 On January 18, 2022, the Company acquired all of the shares outstanding of Cloudsnap, Inc., ("Cloudsnap") through a merger for cash consideration of , which was paid upon closing. Cloudsnap is a provider of a flexible, low-code solution for integrating disparate business applications. This transaction enables the Company to deliver modern integrations and seamless data sharing between critical systems more efficiently and effectively, while helping to unify and automate business processes across clients' HR, finance, benefits, and other systems. 
 Goodwill Other assets acquired Liabilities assumed ) Total purchase price 
 The results from these acquisitions have been included in the Company s consolidated financial statements since the closing of the acquisitions and are not material to the Company. Pro forma information was not presented because the effects of the acquisitions are not material to the Company s consolidated financial statements. The goodwill related to these transactions is primarily attributable to the assembled workforce and growth opportunities from the expansion and enhancement of the Company s product offerings. The goodwill associated with the Blue Marble acquisition is deductible for income tax purposes. The goodwill associated with the Samepage and Cloudsnap acquisitions is not deductible for income tax purposes. Direct costs related to these acquisitions were immaterial and expensed as incurred as Cost of revenues and General and administrative in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. 
 
 Accumulated amortization ) ) Capitalized internal-use software, net 
 Amortization of capitalized internal-use software amounted to , and for the years ended June 30, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively and is included in Cost of revenues. 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 

 Computer equipment Furniture and fixtures Software Leasehold improvements Time clocks rented by clients Total Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense amounted to , and for the years ended June 30, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Additions attributable to acquisitions Measurement period adjustments Balance at end of year 
 Refer to Note 7 for further details on acquisition activity during the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2023. 
 Client relationships Non-solicitation agreements Trade names Total Accumulated amortization ) ) Intangible assets, net 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 

 , and for the years ended June 30, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively, and is included in Cost of revenues and General and administrative. 
 Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2027 Fiscal 2028 Thereafter Total 
 
 Operating lease liabilities Deferred revenue Other Total accrued expenses 
 
 , which may be increased up to , subject to obtaining additional lender commitments and certain approvals and satisfying other requirements. The amended credit agreement extends the maturity date of the credit facility to August 2027 and replaces the interest rate based on London Interbank Offered Rate with an interest rate based on secured overnight financing rate ("SOFR"). In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, the Company borrowed under the credit facility, which it repaid in the third quarter of fiscal 2021. In January 2022, the Company borrowed under the credit facility in connection with its acquisition of Cloudsnap, which it repaid during the third quarter of fiscal 2022. The Company had borrowings at June 30, 2022 or June 30, 2023 and did not borrow any amounts during fiscal 2023 . The Company incurred interest expense related to any borrowings at average interest rates of and during the years ended June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2022, respectively . 
 The proceeds of any borrowings are to be used to fund working capital, capital expenditures and general corporate purposes, including permitted acquisitions, permitted investments, permitted distributions and share repurchases. The Company may generally borrow, prepay and reborrow under the credit facility and terminate or reduce the lenders commitments at any time prior to revolving credit facility expiration without a premium or a penalty, other than customary breakage costs. 
 Any borrowings under the credit facility will generally bear interest, at the Company s option, at a rate per annum determined by reference to either the Term SOFR rate plus the SOFR Adjustment or an adjusted base rate, in each case plus an applicable margin ranging from to and to , respectively, based on the then-applicable net total leverage ratio. Additionally, the Company is required to pay certain commitment, letter of credit fronting and letter of credit participation fees on available and/or undrawn portions of the credit facility. 
 The Company is required to comply with certain customary affirmative and negative covenants, including a requirement to maintain a maximum net total leverage ratio of not greater than to 1.00, (with a step up to to 1.00 for the 4 consecutive fiscal quarters following a fiscal quarter in which certain permitted acquisitions are consummated), 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 

 and a minimum interest coverage ratio of not less than to 1.00. As of June 30, 2023, the Company was in compliance with all of the aforementioned covenants. 
 
 Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost Total lease costs 
 Accrued expenses Long-term operating lease liabilities Weighted-average remaining lease term (years) Weighted-average discount rate 
 Operating lease assets obtained in exchange for new liabilities 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 

 Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2027 Fiscal 2028 Thereafter Total undiscounted cash flows Less: Present value discount ) Total operating lease liabilities 
 As of June 30, 2023, the Company had not entered into any leases that had not yet commenced. 
 
 State and local ) ) Deferred taxes: Federal ) ) State and local ) ) ) Total income tax expense (benefit) ) ) 
 (b) Tax Rate Reconciliation 
 for the years ended June 30, 2021, 2022 and 2023 to pretax income as a result of the following: 
 Year Ended June 30, 2021 2022 2023 Income tax expense (benefit) at statutory federal rate Increase (reduction) in income taxes resulting from: Research and development credit and other credits ) ) ) Non-deductible expenses Change in valuation allowance ) Stock-based compensation expense ) ) ) State and local income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit ) ) Other ) ) ) ) ) 
 F-24 

Table of Contents , ) and , respectively, on pre-tax income of , and , respectively. The increase in the effective tax rate is primarily due to decreased deductions related to stock-based compensation. 
 (c) Components of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities 
 
 Accrued expenses Stock-based compensation Net operating loss carryforwards Federal and state tax credits Research and development costs Other Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Deferred contract costs ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) Research and development costs ) Intangible assets ) ) Depreciation ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax asset (liability) 
 As of June 30, 2023, the Company maintains a valuation allowance of for certain state tax benefits which may not be realized. Such assessment may change in the future as further evidence becomes available. 
 At June 30, 2023, the Company has gross net operating loss carryforwards for federal income tax purposes of approximately , all of which can be carried forward indefinitely. The Company has gross net operating loss carryforwards for state income tax purposes of approximately , of which expire from 2023 to 2042, while the remaining can be carried forward indefinitely. The Company also has gross federal and state research and development tax credits and other state credit carryforwards of approximately , which expire between 2023 and 2042. 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 

Additions for current year tax positions Additions for tax positions of prior periods Subtractions for tax positions of prior periods ) Unrecognized tax benefit at end of year 
 . 
 
 vote per share and to receive dividends, when declared. The holders have no preemptive or other subscription rights, and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions with respect to such shares. 

new awards have been or will be issued under the 2008 Plan since the effective date of the 2014 Plan. The number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the 2014 Plan may increase each calendar year, continuing through and including January 1, 2024. The number of shares added each year may be equal to the lesser of (a) four and five tenths percent of the number of shares of common stock of the Company issued and outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31, or (b) an amount determined by the Company s board of directors. 
 As of June 30, 2023, the Company had shares allocated to the plans, of which shares were subject to outstanding options or awards. Generally, the Company issues previously unissued shares for the exercise of stock options or vesting of awards; however, shares previously subject to 2014 Plan grants or awards that are forfeited or net settled at exercise or release may be reissued to satisfy future issuances. 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 

 RSUs granted ) MSUs granted ) Shares withheld in settlement of taxes and/or exercise price Forfeitures Shares removed ) Available for grant at June 30, 2023 
 Shares removed represents forfeitures of shares and shares withheld in settlement of taxes and/or payment of exercise price related to grants made under the 2008 Plan. As noted above, new awards will be issued under the 2008 Plan, and there were awards outstanding under the 2008 Plan as of June 30, 2023. 
 Sales and marketing Research and development General and administrative Total stock-based compensation expense 
 In addition, the Company capitalized , and of stock-based compensation expense in its capitalized internal-use software costs in the years ended June 30, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. 
 In August 2020, the Committee approved the modification of the performance targets for vesting of the performance-based restricted stock units granted in fiscal 2020. The Company recorded and in stock-based compensation expense during the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2022, respectively, related to these modified performance-based restricted stock units. 
 In March 2022, Michael Haske announced his intent to resign from his position effective September 1, 2022. In connection with his resignation, the Company s board of directors approved a Transition and Separation Agreement and a Consulting Services Agreement. Pursuant to these agreements, the Committee approved the modifications of certain of Mr. Haske's outstanding RSUs and MSUs to allow the awards to continue to vest after the end of his service period. As a result, the Company recorded the cumulative effect of the modifications and accelerated the recognition of the remaining expense associated with certain of Mr. Haske's unmodified outstanding awards over his remaining substantive service period. The modifications of these awards did not have a material impact on the Company s financial statements during the years ended June 30, 2022 or 2023. 
 F-27 

Table of Contents 

 Options exercised ) Balance at June 30, 2023 Options vested and exercisable at June 30, 2023 
 There were stock options granted during the years ended June 30, 2021, 2022 or 2023. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended June 30, 2021, 2022 and 2023 was , and , respectively. 
 The Company grants RSUs under the 2014 Plan with terms determined at the discretion of the Committee. RSUs generally vest over following the grant date and have time-based vesting conditions. 
 RSUs granted RSUs vested ) RSUs forfeited ) RSU balance at June 30, 2023 
 At June 30, 2023, there was of total unrecognized compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures, related to unvested restricted stock units granted. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 The Company also grants MSUs under the 2014 Plan with terms determined at the discretion of the Committee. The actual number of MSUs that will be eligible to vest is based on the achievement of a relative total shareholder return TSR target as compared to the TSR realized by each of the companies comprising the Russell 3000 Index over an approximately three -year period. The MSUs cliff-vest at the end of the TSR measurement period, and up to of the target number of shares subject to each MSU are eligible to be earned. 
 MSUs granted MSUs forfeited ) MSU balance at June 30, 2023 
 
 F-28 

Table of Contents 

 Expected volatility - 
 - 
 Expected term (years) - 
 - 
 Risk free interest rate - 
 - 
 
 At June 30, 2023, there was of total unrecognized compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures, related to unvested MSUs. That cost is expected to be recognized over a period of years. 
 
 , and for the years ended June 30, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively, and were recognized through Income tax expense (benefit). 
 
 . Each offering period will begin on the trading day closest to May 16 and November 16 of each year. Shares are purchased through employees payroll deductions, up to a maximum of of employees compensation for each purchase period, at a purchase price equal to of the lesser of the fair market value of the Company s common stock at the first trading day of the applicable offering period or the purchase date. Participants may purchase up to worth of common stock or shares of common stock in any . The ESPP is considered compensatory and results in compensation expense. 
 As of June 30, 2023, a total of shares of common stock were reserved for future issuances under the ESPP. The number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the ESPP may increase each calendar year, continuing through and including January 1, 2024. The number of shares added each year may be equal to the lesser of (a) , (b) seventy-five one hundredths percent of the number of shares of common stock of the Company issued and outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31, or (c) an amount determined by the Company s board of directors. The Company s board of directors approved the increase in the number of common shares in reserve for issuance under the ESPP by shares, effective January 1, 2023. 
 The Company issued a total of shares upon the completion of its six-month offering periods ending November 15, 2022 and May 15, 2023. The Company recorded compensation expense attributable to the ESPP of , and for the years ended June 30, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively, which is included in the summary of stock-based compensation expense above. 
 Expected volatility - 
 - 
 - 
 Expected term (years) Risk free interest rate - 
 - 
 - 
 
 (c) 401(k) Plan 
 The Company maintains a 401(k) plan with a matching provision that covers all eligible employees. The Company matches of employees contributions up to of their gross pay. Contributions were , and for the years ended June 30, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. In response to the uncertainties presented by the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company temporarily suspended 401(k) plan matching contributions during the first three quarters of fiscal 2021. The Company reinstated contributions during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021. 
 F-29 

Table of Contents 

Denominator: Weighted-average shares used in computing net income per share: Basic Weighted-average effect of potentially dilutive shares: Employee stock options, restricted stock units and market share units Diluted Net income per share: Basic Diluted 
 F-30 

Table of Contents 

 Restricted stock units Total 
 F-31 

<EX-10.15>
 2
 pcty-20230630xexx1015.htm
 EX-10.15

Document 

Exhibit 10.15 
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 This Employment Agreement (this Agreement is made and entered into by Paylocity Corporation, an Illinois corporation Company ), and Joshua Scutt Employee effective as of August 16, 2021 (the Effective Date ). 
 
 The parties agree as follows 
 
 1. Employment . Company hereby employs Employee, and Employee hereby accepts such employment, upon the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 2. Duties . 
 
 2.1 Position . Employee is employed as Senior Vice President of Sales and shall have the duties and responsibilities assigned by Company s President and Chief Operating Officer Officer COO ). Employee shall perform faithfully and diligently all duties assigned to Employee. Company reserves the right to modify Employee s position and duties at any time in its sole and absolute discretion. 
 
 2.2 Best Efforts Full-time . Employee will expend Employee s best efforts on behalf of Company, and will abide by all policies and decisions made by Company, as well as all applicable federal, state and local laws, regulations or ordinances. Employee will act in the best interest of Company at all times. Employee shall devote Employee s full business time and efforts to the performance of Employee s assigned duties for Company, unless Employee notifies the COO in advance of Employee s intent to engage in other paid work and receives the COO s express written consent to do so. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Employee will be permitted to serve as an outside director on the board of directors for nonprofit or charitable entities or managing Employee s personal financial and legal affairs, so long as the foregoing activities, provided such entities are not competitive with Company and subject to the provisions of Section 10 below. 
 
 3. At-Will Employment . Employee s employment with Company is at-will and not for any specified period and may be terminated at any time, with or without cause (as defined below) or advance notice, by either Employee or Company. No representative of Company, other than the CEO or Company s Board of Directors (the Board ), has the authority to alter the at-will employment relationship. Any change to the at-will employment relationship must be by specific, written agreement signed by Employee and the CEO or a duly-authorized representative of the Board. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to or should be construed to contradict, modify or alter this at-will relationship. 
 
 4. Compensation . 
 
 4.1 Base Salary . As compensation for Employee s performance of Employee s duties hereunder, Company shall pay to Employee an annual base salary of 350,000, less required deductions for state and federal withholding tax, social security and all other employment taxes and payroll deductions, payable in accordance with the normal payroll practices of Company. Beginning in fiscal year 2022, the Compensation Committee of the Board shall conduct an annual review of Employee s base salary based on third party comparison data and internal management recommendations. The salary change, if any, will be consistent with the timing of the salary adjustments of other senior Employees of 

Company. In the event Employee s employment under this Agreement is terminated by either party, for any reason, Employee will earn the base salary prorated to the date of termination. 
 
 4.2 Incentive Compensation . Employee will be eligible to earn an annual incentive bonus, the target amount of which shall be a percentage as determined by the Company s Compensation Committee Annual Bonus ). The target amount of the Annual Bonus for fiscal year 2022 shall be 60 of Employee s annualized base salary. The Annual Bonus will be based on Employee s achievement of certain goals, as well as Company metrics which shall be established by the Company s Board. The Annual Bonus shall be less all required taxes and withholdings and will be paid out within 60 days following the end of the fiscal year in which it is earned. 
 
 4.3 Equity Incentive Grants . Beginning in fiscal 2022, Employee shall be eligible to receive long-term equity incentives, as determined during the annual review conducted by the Compensation Committee and the Board. 
 
 (a) Immediately prior to the consummation of a Change in Control, the vesting of all unvested shares subject to outstanding equity awards with time-based vesting issued to Employee by Parent shall be accelerated in full and, if applicable, such equity awards shall become exercisable or shall be settled in full immediately prior to such Change in Control provided that Employee s employment with Company or Parent has not terminated prior to such Change in Control. For the purposes of this Agreement, Change in Control shall have the meaning set forth in Company s 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time (the Plan ). 
 
 (b) If Employee s employment with Company terminates due to Employee s death or Employee s Disability (as such term is defined in the Plan), (i) the vesting of all unvested shares subject to outstanding equity awards with time-based vesting issued to Employee by Parent shall be accelerated in full and, if applicable, such equity awards shall become exercisable or shall be settled in full and (ii) the unvested shares subject to outstanding equity awards with performance-based vesting shall remain outstanding, and vest based on actual achievement of the underlying performance goals, with Employee receiving a pro-rated portion of the performance-based award (based on the number of calendar days in the performance period that Employee was employed over the total number of calendar days in the performance period), and, if applicable, such equity awards shall become exercisable or shall be settled to the extent vested upon such determination. 
 
 5. Customary Fringe Benefits . Employee will be eligible for all customary and usual fringe benefits generally available to Employees of Company subject to the terms and conditions of Company s benefit plan documents. Company reserves the right to change or eliminate the fringe benefits on a prospective basis, at any time, effective upon notice to Employee. 
 
 6. Business Expenses . Employee will be reimbursed for all reasonable, out-of-pocket business expenses incurred in the performance of Employee s duties on behalf of Company, including reasonable out-of-pocket expenses associated with Employee s travel as approved by the COO. To obtain reimbursement, expenses must be submitted promptly with appropriate supporting documentation and will be reimbursed in accordance with Company s policies. Any reimbursement Employee is entitled to receive shall (a) be paid no later than the last day of Employee s tax year following the tax year in which the expense was incurred, (b) not be affected by any other expenses that are eligible for reimbursement in any tax year and (c) not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 

7. Termination of Employee s Employment . 
 
 7.1 Termination for Cause by Company . Company may terminate Employee s employment immediately at any time for Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause is defined as (i) material dishonest or fraudulent behavior, or convictions of a felony (ii) the material breach of any covenant contained or referred to in this Agreement (iii) the failure of Employee to meet fair and reasonable performance standards established by Company from time to time (iv) Employee s failure or refusal to perform specific directives of COO, which directives are consistent with the scope and nature of Employee s duties and responsibilities, and which are not remedied by Employee within thirty (30) days after written notice (v) any violation of the covenant not to disclose confidential information regarding the business of Company and its products as set forth in Section 7 of this Agreement or (vi) any act of material dishonesty by Employee which adversely affects the business of Company. In the event Employee s employment is terminated in accordance with this subsection 7.1, Employee shall be entitled to receive only Employee s base salary then in effect, prorated to the date of termination and all benefits accrued through the date of termination Accrued Benefits ). All other Company obligations to Employee pursuant to this Agreement will become automatically terminated and completely extinguished. Employee will not be entitled to receive the Severance Payment described in subsection 7.2 below. 
 
 7.2 Termination Without Cause by Company Severance . Company may terminate Employee s employment under this Agreement without Cause at any time on thirty (30) days advance written notice to Employee. In the event of such termination, Employee will receive Employee s base salary then in effect, prorated to the date of termination, and Accrued Benefits. In addition, Employee will receive a Severance Payment equivalent to twelve (12) months of Employee s base salary then in effect on the date of termination, payable as salary continuation in equal installments in accordance with Company s regular payroll cycle over a twelve (12) month period, beginning on the first regular payday occurring 60 days following the termination date. Employee will only receive the Severance Payment if Employee executes a full general release in a form acceptable to Company, releasing all claims, known or unknown, that Employee may have against Company arising out of or any way related to Employee s employment or termination of employment with Company, and such release has become effective in accordance with its terms prior to the 60th day following the termination date. All other Company obligations to Employee will be automatically terminated and completely extinguished. If Employee s employment with Company terminates due to Employee s death or Employee s inability to perform the essential functions of Employee s position with or without reasonable accommodation, Employee shall not be entitled to the Severance Payment described above. 
 
 7.3 Voluntary Resignation by Employee . Employee may voluntarily resign Employee s position with Company at any time on thirty (30) days advance written notice. In the event of Employee s voluntary resignation, Employee will be entitled to receive only Accrued Benefits for the thirty-day notice period and no other amount. All other Company obligations to Employee pursuant to this Agreement will become automatically terminated and completely extinguished. In addition, Employee will not be entitled to receive the Severance Payment described in subsection 7.2 above. 
 
 8. Resignation of Board or Other Positions . Upon the termination of Employee s employment for any reason, Employee agrees to immediately resign all other positions (including Board membership) Employee may hold on behalf of Company. 

9. Application of Section 409A . 
 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything set forth in this Agreement to the contrary, no amount payable pursuant to this Agreement which constitutes a deferral of compensation within the meaning of the Treasury Regulations issued pursuant to Section 409A of the Code (the Section 409A Regulations shall be paid unless and until Employee has incurred a separation from service within the meaning of the Section 409A Regulations. Furthermore, to the extent that Employee is a specified employee within the meaning of the Section 409A Regulations as of the date of Employee s separation from service, no amount that constitutes a deferral of compensation which is payable on account of Employee s separation from service shall be paid to Employee before the date (the Delayed Payment Date which is first day of the seventh month after the date of Employee s separation from service or, if earlier, the date of Employee s death following such separation from service. All such amounts that would, but for this Section, become payable prior to the Delayed Payment Date will be accumulated and paid on the Delayed Payment Date. 
 
 (b) Company intends that income provided to Employee pursuant to this Agreement will not be subject to taxation under Section 409A of the Code. The provisions of this Agreement shall be interpreted and construed in favor of satisfying any applicable requirements of Section 409A of the Code. However, Company does not guarantee any particular tax effect for income provided to Employee pursuant to this Agreement. In any event, except for Company s responsibility to withhold applicable income and employment taxes from compensation paid or provided to Employee, Company shall not be responsible for the payment of any applicable taxes on compensation paid or provided to Employee pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the reimbursement of expenses or in-kind benefits provided pursuant to this Agreement shall be subject to the following conditions (1) the expenses eligible for reimbursement or in-kind benefits in one taxable year shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement or in-kind benefits in any other taxable year (2) the reimbursement of eligible expenses or in-kind benefits shall be made promptly, subject to Company s applicable policies, but in no event later than the end of the year after the year in which such expense was incurred and (3) the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit . 
 
 (d) For purposes of Section 409A of the Code, the right to a series of installment payments under this Agreement shall be treated as a right to a series of separate payments. 
 
 10. No Conflict of Interest . During the term of Employee s employment with Company, Employee agrees not to engage in any work, paid or unpaid, or other activities that create a conflict of interest. Such work and or activities shall include, but is not limited to, directly or indirectly competing with Company in any way, or acting as an officer, director, employee, consultant, stockholder, volunteer, lender, or agent of any business enterprise of the same nature as, or which is in direct competition with, the business in which Company is now engaged or in which Company becomes engaged during the term of Employee s employment with Company, as may be determined by Company in its sole discretion. If Company believes such a conflict exists during the term of this Agreement, Company may ask Employee to, and Employee shall, discontinue the other work and or activities or resign employment with Company. 

11. Non-Competition . Employee agrees that during Employee s employment with Company and for a period of twelve (12) months immediately following termination of such employment for any reason (the Non-competition Period ), Employee shall not in any manner, directly or indirectly, through any person, firm or corporation, alone or as a member of a partnership or as an officer, director, stockholder, investor or employee of or consultant to any other corporation or enterprise or otherwise, engage or be engaged, or assist any other person, firm, corporation or enterprise in engaging or being engaged, in any business, in which Employee was involved or had knowledge, being conducted by, or contemplated by, Company or any of its subsidiaries as of the termination of Employee s employment in any geographic area in which Company or any of its subsidiaries is then conducting such business. 
 
 12. Non-Solicitation . Employee acknowledges that Company s relationship with its clients, employees, vendors, suppliers and other persons with whom Company has a business relationship (hereinafter referred to as Prohibited Persons ), are special and unique, and that Company s relationship with the Prohibited Persons may not be able to be replaced by Company. Employee further acknowledges that the protection of Company s Prohibited Persons is essential. 
 
 Therefore, Employee expressly covenants and agrees that during Employee s employment with Company and for a period of twelve (12) months immediately following termination of Employee s employment for any reason (the Non-solicitation Period ), Employee will not at any time for himself or on behalf of any other person, firm, partnership or corporation (1) induce, or attempt to induce, any Prohibited Persons either to refrain, or to cease doing business with Company or (2) directly or indirectly solicit, hire, induce or otherwise engage a Prohibited Person in any competitive business. 
 
 13. Nondisclosure of Confidential Information . 
 
 13.1 Employee recognizes that the knowledge and information about, and relationships with business associates, customers, clients and agents of Company and its affiliated companies, and the business methods, systems, plans, and policies of Company and of its affiliated companies, which Employee may receive, obtain, or establish as an employee of Company are valuable and unique assets of Company or its affiliates. Employee agrees that, during any Employment Period and thereafter, Employee shall not disclose or remove, without the written consent of Company, (i) any material or substantial, confidential, or proprietary know-how, data, or information, including, but not limited to software, data, information relating to customers, pricing, safety manuals, training manuals, Quality Assurance Quality Control manuals, mandatory processes and means or techniques pertaining to Company or its affiliates, and (ii) any business plans, strategies, targets, or directives, to any person, firm, corporation, or any other entity, for any reason or purpose whatsoever. Employee acknowledges and agrees that all memoranda, notes, records, clients lists, client information and other documents, computer software, data or material in any form made or compiled by Employee or made available to Employee concerning Company s business is and shall be Company s exclusive property and shall be delivered by 

Employee to Company upon termination of Employee s employment or at any other time upon the request of Company. 
 
 13.2 The restrictions in the above paragraph shall not apply to (1) information that at the time of disclosure is in the public domain through no fault of Employee s (2) information received from a third party outside of Company that was disclosed without a breach of any confidentiality obligation (3) information approved for release by written authorization of Company or (4) information that may be required by law or an order of any court, agency or proceeding to be disclosed. Employee shall provide Company notice of any such required disclosure once Employee has knowledge of it and will help Company to the extent reasonable to obtain an appropriate protective order. 
 
 13.3 Company acknowledges that Employee has had significant prior work experience in the industry in which Company is engaged, and that Employee enters into this Agreement with significant prior knowledge, information and relationships in such industry. 
 
 14. Enforcement Remedies, Construction . 
 
 14.1 Employee covenants, agrees, and recognizes the breach or threatened breach of the covenants, or any of them, contained in Sections 11, 12 and 13 will result in immediate and irreparable injury to Company and that Company shall be entitled to an injunction restraining Employee or any of his affiliates from any violation of Sections 11, 12 and 13 to the fullest extent allowed by law. Employee further covenants and agrees that in the event of a violation of any of his respective covenants and agreements contained in Sections 11, 12 and 13 hereof, Company shall be entitled to an accounting of all profits, compensation, commissions, remunerations or benefits which Employee directly or indirectly has realized and or may realize as a result of, growing out of or in connection with any such violation and shall be entitled to receive all such amounts to which Company would be entitled as damages under law or at equity. Nothing herein shall be construed as prohibiting Company from pursuing any other legal or equitable remedies that may be available to it for any such breach or threatened breach. 
 
 14.2 Employee agrees that in the event he breaches the covenants, or any of them, contained in Sections 11 and 12, then the Non-competition Period or Non-solicitation Period, as applicable, shall be automatically extended by the length of time any such breach remains continuing. 
 
 14.3 Employee hereby expressly acknowledges and agrees as follows 
 
 (a) that he has read the covenants set forth above in Sections 11, 12 and 13, has had an opportunity to discuss them with an attorney and that such covenants are reasonable in all respects and are necessary to protect the legitimate business and competitive interests of Company and 
 
 (b) that each of the covenants set forth in Sections 11, 12 and 13 and the subdivisions thereof are separately and independently given, and each such covenant is intended to be enforceable separately and independently of the other such covenants, including, without limitation, enforcement by injunction without the necessity of proving actual damages or posting any bond or other security provided, however, that the invalidity or unenforceability of this Agreement in any respect shall not affect the validity or enforceability of this Agreement in any other respect. In the event that any provision of this Agreement shall be held invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction by reason of the geographic or business scope or the duration thereof or for any other reason, such invalidity or unenforceability shall attach only to the particular aspect of such provision found invalid or unenforceable as applied and shall not affect or render invalid or unenforceable any other provision of this 

Agreement or the enforcement of such provision in other circumstances, and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, this Agreement shall be construed as if the geographic or business scope or the duration of such provision or other basis on which such provision has been challenged had been more narrowly drafted so as not to be invalid or unenforceable. 
 
 14.4 Nothing in Sections 10 and 11 shall prohibit Employee from being (i) a stockholder in a mutual fund or a diversified investment company or (ii) an owner of not more than two percent of the outstanding stock of any class of a corporation, any securities of which are publicly traded, so long as Employee has no active participation in the business of such corporation. 
 
 15. General Provisions . 
 
 15.1 Successors and Assigns . The rights and obligations of Company under this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the successors and assigns of Company. Employee shall not be entitled to assign any of Employee s rights or obligations under this Agreement. 
 
 15.2 Waiver . Either party s failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement shall not in any way be construed as a waiver of any such provision, or prevent that party thereafter from enforcing each and every other provision of this Agreement. 
 
 15.3 Attorneys Fees . Each side will bear its own attorneys fees in any dispute unless a statutory section at issue, if any, authorizes the award of attorneys fees to the prevailing party. 
 
 15.4 Severability . In the event any provision of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such provision shall be deemed modified to the extent necessary to allow enforceability of the provision as so limited, it being intended that the parties shall receive the benefit contemplated herein to the fullest extent permitted by law. If a deemed modification is not satisfactory in the judgment of such court, the unenforceable provision shall be deemed deleted, and the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not be affected thereby. 
 
 15.5 Interpretation Construction . The headings set forth in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not be used in interpreting this Agreement. This Agreement has been drafted by legal counsel representing Company, but Employee has participated in the negotiation of its terms. Furthermore, Employee acknowledges that Employee has had an opportunity to review and revise the Agreement and have it reviewed by legal counsel, if desired, and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of this Agreement. 

15.6 Governing Law . This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States and the State of Illinois. Each party consents to the jurisdiction and venue of the state or federal courts in Chicago, Illinois, if applicable, in any action, suit, or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement. 
 
 15.7 Notices . Any notice required or permitted by this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered as follows with notice deemed given as indicated (a) by personal delivery when delivered personally (b) by overnight courier upon written verification of receipt (c) by telecopy or facsimile transmission upon acknowledgment of receipt of electronic transmission or (d) by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, upon verification of receipt. All notices shall be addressed as follows 

EMPLOYEE 
 
 Joshua Scutt 

COMPANY 
 
 Paylocity Corporation 
 1400 American LN 
 Schaumburg, IL 60173 
 Attention Amber Livingston, General Counsel 
 
 or at such changed addresses as the parties may designate in writing. 
 
 15.8 Survival . Sections 7.2 (Termination Without Cause by Company Severance), 9 (Application of Section 409A), 10 No Conflict of Interest ), 11 Non-Competition ), 12 Non- Solicitation ), 13 Nondisclosure of Confidential Information ), 14 Enforcement, Remedies and Construction ), 15 General Provisions and 16 Entire Agreement of this Agreement shall survive Employee s employment by Company. 
 
 16. Entire Agreement . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties relating to this subject matter and supersedes all prior or simultaneous representations, discussions, negotiations, and agreements, whether written or oral. This Agreement may be amended or modified only with the written consent of Employee and the Company. No oral waiver, amendment or modification will be effective under any circumstances whatsoever. 
 
 Signatures appear on following page 

THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT HAVE READ THE FOREGOING AGREEMENT AND FULLY UNDERSTAND EACH AND EVERY PROVISION CONTAINED HEREIN. WHEREFORE, THE PARTIES HAVE EXECUTED THIS AGREEMENT ON THE DATES SHOWN BELOW. 

Joshua Scutt By s Joshua Scutt Paylocity Corporation By s Steven R. Beauchamp Steven R. Beauchamp Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-10.15>

<EX-10.16>
 3
 pcty-20230630xexx1016.htm
 EX-10.16

Document 

Exhibit 10.16 
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 This Employment Agreement (this Agreement is made and entered into by Paylocity Corporation, an Illinois corporation Company ), and Katherine Ross Employee effective as of 12 1 2022 (the Effective Date ). 
 
 The parties agree as follows 
 
 1. Employment . Company hereby employs Employee, and Employee hereby accepts such employment, upon the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 2. Duties . 
 
 2.1 Position . Employee is employed as Senior Vice President, Operations and shall have the duties and responsibilities assigned by Company s Co-Chief Executive Officer CEO ). Employee shall perform faithfully and diligently all duties assigned to Employee. Company reserves the right to modify Employee s position and duties at any time in its sole and absolute discretion. 
 
 2.2 Best Efforts Full-time . Employee will expend Employee s best efforts on behalf of Company, and will abide by all policies and decisions made by Company, as well as all applicable federal, state and local laws, regulations or ordinances. Employee will act in the best interest of Company at all times. Employee shall devote Employee s full business time and efforts to the performance of Employee s assigned duties for Company, unless Employee notifies the CEO in advance of Employee s intent to engage in other paid work and receives the CEO s express written consent to do so. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Employee will be permitted to serve as an outside director on the board of directors for nonprofit or charitable entities or managing Employee s personal financial and legal affairs, so long as the foregoing activities, provided such entities are not competitive with Company and subject to the provisions of Section 10 below. 
 
 3. At-Will Employment . Employee s employment with Company is at-will and not for any specified period and may be terminated at any time, with or without cause (as defined below) or advance notice, by either Employee or Company. No representative of Company, other than the CEO or Company s Board of Directors (the Board ), has the authority to alter the at-will employment relationship. Any change to the at-will employment relationship must be by specific, written agreement signed by Employee and the CEO or a duly-authorized representative of the Board. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to or should be construed to contradict, modify or alter this at-will relationship. 
 
 4. Compensation . 
 
 4.1 Base Salary . As compensation for Employee s performance of Employee s duties hereunder, Company shall pay to Employee an annual base salary of 400,000, less required deductions for state and federal withholding tax, social security and all other employment taxes and payroll deductions, payable in accordance with the normal payroll practices of Company. Beginning in fiscal year 2023, the Compensation Committee of the Board shall conduct an annual review of Employee s base salary based on third party comparison data and internal management recommendations. The salary change, if any, will be consistent with the timing of the salary adjustments of other senior Employees of Company. In the event Employee s employment under this Agreement is terminated by either party, for any reason, Employee will earn the base salary prorated to the date of termination. 

4.2 Incentive Compensation . Employee will be eligible to earn an annual incentive bonus, the target amount of which shall be a percentage as determined by the Company s Compensation Committee Annual Bonus ). The target amount of the Annual Bonus for fiscal year 2023 shall be 55 of Employee s annualized base salary. The Annual Bonus will be based on Employee s achievement of certain goals, as well as Company metrics which shall be established by the Company s Board. The Annual Bonus shall be less all required taxes and withholdings and will be paid out within 60 days following the end of the fiscal year in which it is earned. 
 
 4.3 Equity Incentive Grants . Beginning in fiscal 2023, Employee shall be eligible to receive long-term equity incentives, as determined during the annual review conducted by the Compensation Committee and the Board. 
 
 (a) Immediately prior to the consummation of a Change in Control, the vesting of all unvested shares subject to outstanding equity awards with time-based vesting issued to Employee by Parent shall be accelerated in full and, if applicable, such equity awards shall become exercisable or shall be settled in full immediately prior to such Change in Control provided that Employee s employment with Company or Parent has not terminated prior to such Change in Control. For the purposes of this Agreement, Change in Control shall have the meaning set forth in Company s 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time (the Plan ). 
 
 (b) If Employee s employment with Company terminates due to Employee s death or Employee s Disability (as such term is defined in the Plan), (i) the vesting of all unvested shares subject to outstanding equity awards with time-based vesting issued to Employee by Parent shall be accelerated in full and, if applicable, such equity awards shall become exercisable or shall be settled in full and (ii) the unvested shares subject to outstanding equity awards with performance-based vesting shall remain outstanding, and vest based on actual achievement of the underlying performance goals, with Employee receiving a pro-rated portion of the performance-based award (based on the number of calendar days in the performance period that Employee was employed over the total number of calendar days in the performance period), and, if applicable, such equity awards shall become exercisable or shall be settled to the extent vested upon such determination. 
 
 5. Customary Fringe Benefits . Employee will be eligible for all customary and usual fringe benefits generally available to Employees of Company subject to the terms and conditions of Company s benefit plan documents. Company reserves the right to change or eliminate the fringe benefits on a prospective basis, at any time, effective upon notice to Employee. 
 
 6. Business Expenses . Employee will be reimbursed for all reasonable, out-of-pocket business expenses incurred in the performance of Employee s duties on behalf of Company, including reasonable out-of-pocket expenses associated with Employee s travel as approved by the CEO. To obtain reimbursement, expenses must be submitted promptly with appropriate supporting documentation and will be reimbursed in accordance with Company s policies. Any reimbursement Employee is entitled to receive shall (a) be paid no later than the last day of Employee s tax year following the tax year in which the expense was incurred, (b) not be affected by any other expenses that are eligible for reimbursement in any tax year and (c) not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 

7. Termination of Employee s Employment . 
 
 7.1 Termination for Cause by Company . Company may terminate Employee s employment immediately at any time for Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause is defined as (i) material dishonest or fraudulent behavior, or convictions of a felony (ii) the material breach of any covenant contained or referred to in this Agreement (iii) the failure of Employee to meet fair and reasonable performance standards established by Company from time to time (iv) Employee s failure or refusal to perform specific directives of CEO, which directives are consistent with the scope and nature of Employee s duties and responsibilities, and which are not remedied by Employee within thirty (30) days after written notice (v) any violation of the covenant not to disclose confidential information regarding the business of Company and its products as set forth in Section 7 of this Agreement or (vi) any act of material dishonesty by Employee which adversely affects the business of Company. In the event Employee s employment is terminated in accordance with this subsection 7.1, Employee shall be entitled to receive only Employee s base salary then in effect, prorated to the date of termination and all benefits accrued through the date of termination Accrued Benefits ). All other Company obligations to Employee pursuant to this Agreement will become automatically terminated and completely extinguished. Employee will not be entitled to receive the Severance Payment described in subsection 7.2 below. 
 
 7.2 Termination Without Cause by Company Severance . Company may terminate Employee s employment under this Agreement without Cause at any time on thirty (30) days advance written notice to Employee. In the event of such termination, Employee will receive Employee s base salary then in effect, prorated to the date of termination, and Accrued Benefits. In addition, Employee will receive a Severance Payment equivalent to twelve (12) months of Employee s base salary then in effect on the date of termination, payable as salary continuation in equal installments in accordance with Company s regular payroll cycle over a twelve (12) month period, beginning on the first regular payday occurring 60 days following the termination date. Employee will only receive the Severance Payment if Employee executes a full general release in a form acceptable to Company, releasing all claims, known or unknown, that Employee may have against Company arising out of or any way related to Employee s employment or termination of employment with Company, and such release has become effective in accordance with its terms prior to the 60th day following the termination date. All other Company obligations to Employee will be automatically terminated and completely extinguished. If Employee s employment with Company terminates due to Employee s death or Employee s inability to perform the essential functions of Employee s position with or without reasonable accommodation, Employee shall not be entitled to the Severance Payment described above. 
 
 7.3 Voluntary Resignation by Employee . Employee may voluntarily resign Employee s position with Company at any time on thirty (30) days advance written notice. In the event of Employee s voluntary resignation, Employee will be entitled to receive only Accrued Benefits for the thirty-day notice period and no other amount. All other Company obligations to Employee pursuant to this Agreement will become automatically terminated and completely extinguished. In addition, Employee will not be entitled to receive the Severance Payment described in subsection 7.2 above. 
 
 8. Resignation of Board or Other Positions . Upon the termination of Employee s employment for any reason, Employee agrees to immediately resign all other positions (including Board membership) Employee may hold on behalf of Company. 

9. Application of Section 409A . 
 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything set forth in this Agreement to the contrary, no amount payable pursuant to this Agreement which constitutes a deferral of compensation within the meaning of the Treasury Regulations issued pursuant to Section 409A of the Code (the Section 409A Regulations shall be paid unless and until Employee has incurred a separation from service within the meaning of the Section 409A Regulations. Furthermore, to the extent that Employee is a specified employee within the meaning of the Section 409A Regulations as of the date of Employee s separation from service, no amount that constitutes a deferral of compensation which is payable on account of Employee s separation from service shall be paid to Employee before the date (the Delayed Payment Date which is first day of the seventh month after the date of Employee s separation from service or, if earlier, the date of Employee s death following such separation from service. All such amounts that would, but for this Section, become payable prior to the Delayed Payment Date will be accumulated and paid on the Delayed Payment Date. 
 
 (b) Company intends that income provided to Employee pursuant to this Agreement will not be subject to taxation under Section 409A of the Code. The provisions of this Agreement shall be interpreted and construed in favor of satisfying any applicable requirements of Section 409A of the Code. However, Company does not guarantee any particular tax effect for income provided to Employee pursuant to this Agreement. In any event, except for Company s responsibility to withhold applicable income and employment taxes from compensation paid or provided to Employee, Company shall not be responsible for the payment of any applicable taxes on compensation paid or provided to Employee pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the reimbursement of expenses or in-kind benefits provided pursuant to this Agreement shall be subject to the following conditions (1) the expenses eligible for reimbursement or in-kind benefits in one taxable year shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement or in-kind benefits in any other taxable year (2) the reimbursement of eligible expenses or in-kind benefits shall be made promptly, subject to Company s applicable policies, but in no event later than the end of the year after the year in which such expense was incurred and (3) the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit . 
 
 (d) For purposes of Section 409A of the Code, the right to a series of installment payments under this Agreement shall be treated as a right to a series of separate payments. 
 
 10. No Conflict of Interest . During the term of Employee s employment with Company, Employee agrees not to engage in any work, paid or unpaid, or other activities that create a conflict of interest. Such work and or activities shall include, but is not limited to, directly or indirectly competing with Company in any way, or acting as an officer, director, employee, consultant, stockholder, volunteer, lender, or agent of any business enterprise of the same nature as, or which is in direct competition with, the business in which Company is now engaged or in which Company becomes engaged during the term of Employee s employment with Company, as may be determined by Company in its sole discretion. If Company believes such a conflict exists during the term of this Agreement, Company may ask Employee to, and Employee shall, discontinue the other work and or activities or resign employment with Company. 
 
 11. Non-Competition . Employee agrees that during Employee s employment with Company and for a period of twelve (12) months immediately following termination of such employment for any reason (the Non-competition Period ), Employee shall not in any manner, directly or indirectly, through any person, firm or corporation, alone or as a member of a partnership or as an officer, director, stockholder, investor or employee of or consultant to any other corporation or enterprise or otherwise, engage or be engaged, or assist any other person, firm, corporation or enterprise in engaging or being engaged, in any business, in which Employee was involved or had knowledge, being conducted by, or contemplated by, Company or any of its subsidiaries as of the termination of Employee s employment in any geographic area in which Company or any of its subsidiaries is then conducting such business. 

12. Non-Solicitation . Employee acknowledges that Company s relationship with its clients, employees, vendors, suppliers and other persons with whom Company has a business relationship (hereinafter referred to as Prohibited Persons ), are special and unique, and that Company s relationship with the Prohibited Persons may not be able to be replaced by Company. Employee further acknowledges that the protection of Company s Prohibited Persons is essential. 
 
 Therefore, Employee expressly covenants and agrees that during Employee s employment with Company and for a period of twenty-four (24) months immediately following termination of Employee s employment for any reason (the Non-solicitation Period ), Employee will not at any time for himself or on behalf of any other person, firm, partnership or corporation (1) induce, or attempt to induce, any Prohibited Persons either to refrain, or to cease doing business with Company or (2) directly or indirectly solicit, hire, induce or otherwise engage a Prohibited Person in any competitive business. 
 
 13. Nondisclosure of Confidential Information . 
 
 13.1 Employee recognizes that the knowledge and information about, and relationships with business associates, customers, clients and agents of Company and its affiliated companies, and the business methods, systems, plans, and policies of Company and of its affiliated companies, which Employee may receive, obtain, or establish as an employee of Company are valuable and unique assets of Company or its affiliates. Employee agrees that, during any Employment Period and thereafter, Employee shall not disclose or remove, without the written consent of Company, (i) any material or substantial, confidential, or proprietary know-how, data, or information, including, but not limited to software, data, information relating to customers, pricing, safety manuals, training manuals, Quality Assurance Quality Control manuals, mandatory processes and means or techniques pertaining to Company or its affiliates, and (ii) any business plans, strategies, targets, or directives, to any person, firm, corporation, or any other entity, for any reason or purpose whatsoever. Employee acknowledges and agrees that all memoranda, notes, records, clients lists, client information and other documents, computer software, data or material in any form made or compiled by Employee or made available to Employee concerning Company s business is and shall be Company s exclusive property and shall be delivered by Employee to Company upon termination of Employee s employment or at any other time upon the request of Company. 
 
 13.2 The restrictions in the above paragraph shall not apply to (1) information that at the time of disclosure is in the public domain through no fault of Employee s (2) information received from a third party outside of Company that was disclosed without a breach of any confidentiality obligation (3) information approved for release by written authorization of Company or (4) information that may be required by law or an order of any court, agency or proceeding to be disclosed. Employee shall provide Company notice of any such required disclosure once Employee has knowledge of it and will help Company to the extent reasonable to obtain an appropriate protective order. 
 
 13.3 Company acknowledges that Employee has had significant prior work experience in the industry in which Company is engaged, and that Employee enters into this Agreement with significant prior knowledge, information and relationships in such industry. 
 
 14. Enforcement Remedies, Construction . 
 
 14.1 Employee covenants, agrees, and recognizes the breach or threatened breach of the covenants, or any of them, contained in Sections 11, 12 and 13 will result in immediate and irreparable injury to Company and that Company shall be entitled to an injunction restraining Employee or any of his affiliates from any violation of Sections 11, 12 and 13 to the fullest extent allowed by law. Employee further covenants and agrees that in the event of a violation of any of his respective covenants and agreements contained in Sections 11, 12 and 13 hereof, Company shall be entitled to an accounting of all profits, compensation, commissions, remunerations or benefits which Employee directly or indirectly has realized and or may realize as a result of, growing out of or in connection with any such violation and shall be entitled to receive all such amounts to 

which Company would be entitled as damages under law or at equity. Nothing herein shall be construed as prohibiting Company from pursuing any other legal or equitable remedies that may be available to it for any such breach or threatened breach. 
 
 14.2 Employee agrees that in the event he breaches the covenants, or any of them, contained in Sections 11 and 12, then the Non-competition Period or Non-solicitation Period, as applicable, shall be automatically extended by the length of time any such breach remains continuing. 
 
 14.3 Employee hereby expressly acknowledges and agrees as follows 
 
 (a) that he has read the covenants set forth above in Sections 11, 12 and 13, has had an opportunity to discuss them with an attorney and that such covenants are reasonable in all respects and are necessary to protect the legitimate business and competitive interests of Company and 
 
 (b) that each of the covenants set forth in Sections 11, 12 and 13 and the subdivisions thereof are separately and independently given, and each such covenant is intended to be enforceable separately and independently of the other such covenants, including, without limitation, enforcement by injunction without the necessity of proving actual damages or posting any bond or other security provided, however, that the invalidity or unenforceability of this Agreement in any respect shall not affect the validity or enforceability of this Agreement in any other respect. In the event that any provision of this Agreement shall be held invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction by reason of the geographic or business scope or the duration thereof or for any other reason, such invalidity or unenforceability shall attach only to the particular aspect of such provision found invalid or unenforceable as applied and shall not affect or render invalid or unenforceable any other provision of this Agreement or the enforcement of such provision in other circumstances, and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, this Agreement shall be construed as if the geographic or business scope or the duration of such provision or other basis on which such provision has been challenged had been more narrowly drafted so as not to be invalid or unenforceable. 
 
 14.4 Nothing in Sections 10 and 11 shall prohibit Employee from being (i) a stockholder in a mutual fund or a diversified investment company or (ii) an owner of not more than two percent of the outstanding stock of any class of a corporation, any securities of which are publicly traded, so long as Employee has no active participation in the business of such corporation. 
 
 15. General Provisions . 
 
 15.1 Successors and Assigns . The rights and obligations of Company under this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the successors and assigns of Company. Employee shall not be entitled to assign any of Employee s rights or obligations under this Agreement. 
 
 15.2 Waiver . Either party s failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement shall not in any way be construed as a waiver of any such provision, or prevent that party thereafter from enforcing each and every other provision of this Agreement. 
 
 15.3 Attorneys Fees . Each side will bear its own attorneys fees in any dispute unless a statutory section at issue, if any, authorizes the award of attorneys fees to the prevailing party. 
 
 15.4 Severability . In the event any provision of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such provision shall be deemed modified to the extent necessary to allow enforceability of the provision as so limited, it being intended that the parties shall receive the benefit contemplated herein to the fullest extent permitted by law. If a deemed modification is not satisfactory in the judgment of such court, the unenforceable provision shall be deemed deleted, and the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not be affected thereby. 

15.5 Interpretation Construction . The headings set forth in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not be used in interpreting this Agreement. This Agreement has been drafted by legal counsel representing Company, but Employee has participated in the negotiation of its terms. Furthermore, Employee acknowledges that Employee has had an opportunity to review and revise the Agreement and have it reviewed by legal counsel, if desired, and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of this Agreement. 
 
 15.6 Governing Law . This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States and the State of Illinois. Each party consents to the jurisdiction and venue of the state or federal courts in Chicago, Illinois, if applicable, in any action, suit, or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement. 
 
 15.7 Notices . Any notice required or permitted by this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered as follows with notice deemed given as indicated (a) by personal delivery when delivered personally (b) by overnight courier upon written verification of receipt (c) by telecopy or facsimile transmission upon acknowledgment of receipt of electronic transmission or (d) by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, upon verification of receipt. All notices shall be addressed as follows 
 
 EMPLOYEE 
 
 Katherine Ross 

COMPANY 
 
 Paylocity Corporation 
 1400 American LN 
 Schaumburg, IL 60173 
 Attention Amber Livingston, General Counsel 
 
 or at such changed addresses as the parties may designate in writing. 
 
 15.8 Survival . Sections 7.2 (Termination Without Cause by Company Severance), 9 (Application of Section 409A), 10 No Conflict of Interest ), 11 Non-Competition ), 12 Non- Solicitation ), 13 Nondisclosure of Confidential Information ), 14 Enforcement, Remedies and Construction ), 15 General Provisions and 16 Entire Agreement of this Agreement shall survive Employee s employment by Company. 

16. Entire Agreement . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties relating to this subject matter and supersedes all prior or simultaneous representations, discussions, negotiations, and agreements, whether written or oral. This Agreement may be amended or modified only with the written consent of Employee and the Company. No oral waiver, amendment or modification will be effective under any circumstances whatsoever. 
 
 Signatures appear on following page 

THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT HAVE READ THE FOREGOING AGREEMENT AND FULLY UNDERSTAND EACH AND EVERY PROVISION CONTAINED HEREIN. WHEREFORE, THE PARTIES HAVE EXECUTED THIS AGREEMENT ON THE DATES SHOWN BELOW. 

Katherine Ross By s Katherine E. Ross Paylocity Corporation By s Toby J. Williams Toby J. Williams President and Co-Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-10.16>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 pcty-20230630xexx231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (No. 333-194840, No. 333-201983, No. 333-209520, No. 333-216001, No. 333-222959, No. 333-252779, No. 333-262514, and No. 333-269548) on Form S-8 of our report dated August 4, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Paylocity Holding Corporation and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 

s KPMG LLP 
 Chicago, Illinois August 4, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 pcty-20230630xexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302(a) OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Steven R. Beauchamp, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Paylocity Holding Corporation (the Company for the year ended June 30, 2023 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date August 4, 2023 
 s Steven R. Beauchamp Name Steven R. Beauchamp Title Co-Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Director 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 pcty-20230630xexx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302(a) OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Toby J. Williams, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Paylocity Holding Corporation (the Company for the year ended June 30, 2023 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date August 4, 2023 
 s Toby J. Williams Name Toby J. Williams Title President, Co-Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Director 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 7
 pcty-20230630xexx313.htm
 EX-31.3

Document 

Exhibit 31.3 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302(a) OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Ryan Glenn, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Paylocity Holding Corporation (the Company for the year ended June 30, 2023 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date August 4, 2023 
 s Ryan Glenn Name Ryan Glenn Title Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 pcty-20230630xexx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 The undersigned, the Co-Chief Executive Officer of Paylocity Holding Corporation (the Company ), does hereby certify under the standards set forth and solely for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended June 30, 2023 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained in that Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date August 4, 2023 
 s Steven R. Beauchamp Name Steven R. Beauchamp Title Co-Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Director 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 pcty-20230630xexx322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 The undersigned, the Co-Chief Executive Officer of Paylocity Holding Corporation (the Company ), does hereby certify under the standards set forth and solely for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended June 30, 2023 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained in that Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date August 4, 2023 
 s Toby J. Williams Name Toby J. Williams Title President, Co-Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Director 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-32.3>
 10
 pcty-20230630xexx323.htm
 EX-32.3

Document 

Exhibit 32.3 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 The undersigned, the Chief Financial Officer of Paylocity Holding Corporation (the Company ), does hereby certify under the standards set forth and solely for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended June 30, 2023 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained in that Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date August 4, 2023 
 s Ryan Glenn Name Ryan Glenn Title Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.3>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 pcty-20230630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 pcty-20230630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 pcty-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 pcty-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 pcty-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

