<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230718_10-K_edgar_data_1750_0001104659-23-082069.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17931451</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>718999</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2259312</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6843822</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2779716</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4794085</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001104659-23-082069.hdr.sgml : 20230718
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230718171655
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-23-082069
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		100
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230531
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230718
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230718

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AAR CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000001750
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AIRCRAFT & PARTS [3720]
		IRS NUMBER:				362334820
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-06263
		FILM NUMBER:		231095032

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1100 N WOOD DALE RD
		CITY:			WOOD DALE
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60191
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6302272000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1100 N WOOD DALE RD
		CITY:			WOOD DALE
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60191

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ALLEN AIRCRAFT RADIO INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19700204

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001104659-23-082069.txt : 20230718

10-K
 1
 air-20230531x10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

 FORM Mark One) Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the fiscal year ended or Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the transition period from to Commission file number . (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , , (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the registrant s voting stock held by nonaffiliates was approximately million (based upon the closing price of the Common Stock at November 30, 2022 as reported on the New York Stock Exchange). On June 30, 2023, there were shares of Common Stock outstanding. Documents Incorporated by Reference Portions of the Company s proxy statement for the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be held September 19, 2023, are incorporated by reference in Part III of this report. 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page PART I Item 1. Business 2 Item 1A. Risk Factors 9 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 18 Item 2. Properties 18 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 18 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 18 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 19 Item 6. (Reserved) 20 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 20 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 29 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 31 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 74 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 74 Item 9B. Other Information 77 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 77 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 77 Item 11. Executive Compensation 77 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 77 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 77 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 78 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 78 EXHIBIT INDEX Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 82 SIGNATURES 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS General AAR CORP. and its subsidiaries are referred to herein collectively as AAR, Company, we, us, and our unless the context indicates otherwise. AAR was founded in 1951, organized in 1955 and reincorporated in Delaware in 1966. We are a diversified provider of products and services to the worldwide aviation and government and defense markets. In fiscal 2023, we established new partnerships, expanded our service offerings, and enhanced our approach to safety to best serve our customers across the world. The global recovery in commercial air travel drove an increased demand for our services, enabling us to achieve strong results across our portfolio, particularly in used serviceable material and new parts distribution. Our actions to reduce costs and improve operating efficiency were reflected in our improved profitability during fiscal 2023. Our sales to commercial customers in fiscal 2023 increased by 245.0 million, or 22.6 , over the prior year reflecting the recovery in commercial air travel following the height of the impact of COVID-19 as well as growth from recently awarded new parts distribution contracts. Our sales to government customers in fiscal 2023 decreased by 74.5 million, or 10.1 , from the prior year as we completed certain government programs, including our Afghanistan contracts. We were also successful in winning new long-term agreements in both our commercial and government markets. We were awarded a significant expansion of our exclusive agreement with Unison Industries which broadens our distribution of select Unison ignitor plugs, ignition leads, harnesses, and related spare parts. We also extended our distribution relationship with Leach International Corp to supply electromechanical and solid-state switch gears to the electronics end-market. In our commercial programs activities, we were awarded a multi-year, flight-hour component support contract with flydubai for their growing Boeing 737 MAX fleet. In our government market, we were awarded a firm-fixed price contract from the U.S. Air Force to produce Next Generation All Aluminum Cargo Pallets with a total contract value, including option periods, of 173.5 million. We were also awarded a contract from the Norwegian Defence Logistics Organisation to provide commercial common parts for the Royal Norwegian Air Force P-8A fleet. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, we acquired Trax USA Corp. Trax ), a leading independent provider of aircraft MRO and fleet management software which was founded in 1999. The acquisition price was 120 million in cash, plus up to a 20 million earn-out payment based on adjusted revenue in calendar year 2023 and 2024. Trax offers critical software applications to a diverse global customer base of airlines and MROs supporting approximately 5,000 aircraft. Trax s comprehensive solutions support the entire spectrum of maintenance activities and create the system of record required by airlines and MROs. The Trax acquisition adds established, higher-margin aviation aftermarket software offerings with recurring revenue to our portfolio and provides opportunities to cross-sell products and services. During fiscal 2023, we continued our strong focus on working capital management with cash flows from operating activities from continuing operations of 23.8 million which included significant investments in inventory, rotable assets, and licensing arrangements to support further growth. Borrowings outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility were 272.0 million at May 31, 2023 with an availability on the facility of 336.9 million. Over the long-term, we expect to see strength in our aviation products and services given our offerings of value-added solutions to both commercial and government and defense customers. We believe long-term commercial aftermarket growth trends are favorable. As we continue to invest in the pipeline of opportunities in the government market, our long-term strategy continues to emphasize investing in the business and capitalizing on opportunities in both the commercial and government markets. 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 Business Segments Aviation Services The Aviation Services segment provides aftermarket support and services for the commercial aviation and government and defense markets and accounted for approximately 95 of our sales in fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021. In this segment, we also provide inventory management and distribution services, maintenance, repair, and overhaul MRO services, and engineering services. Business activities in this segment are primarily conducted through AAR Supply Chain, Inc.; AAR Government Services, Inc.; AAR Aircraft Engine Sales Leasing, Inc.; AAR Aircraft Services, Inc.; AAR Allen Services, Inc.; AAR Landing Gear LLC; AAR International, Inc.; Trax USA CORP.; and AAR Airlift Group, Inc. We sell and lease a wide variety of new, overhauled and repaired engine and airframe parts and components and aircraft to our commercial aviation and government/defense customers. We provide customized flight hour component inventory and repair programs, warranty claim management, and outsourcing programs for engine and airframe parts and components in support of our airline and government customers maintenance activities. The types of services provided under these programs include some or all of the following functions: material planning, sourcing, logistics, information and program management, and parts and component repair and overhaul. We are also an authorized distributor for more than 30 product lines, which include parts from over 300 Federal Supply Class codes sourced from over 20 leading aviation original equipment manufacturers OEM s). We also have an interest in a joint venture supporting the distribution of OEM parts to customers in Asia. We provide fleet management and operations of customer-owned aircraft for the U.S. Department of State DoS under the INL/A WASS contract. We are the prime contractor on this ten-year performance-based contract which began in fiscal 2018. Our services under the contract include operating and maintaining the global DoS fleet of fixed- and rotary-wing aircraft. We also provide customized performance-based supply chain logistics programs in support of the U.S. Department of Defense DoD and foreign governments. The types of services provided under these programs include some or all of the following functions: material planning, sourcing, logistics, information and program management, airframe maintenance and maintenance planning, and component repair and overhaul. We provide major airframe inspection, maintenance, repair and overhaul, painting services, line maintenance, airframe modifications, structural repairs, avionics service and installation, exterior and interior refurbishment, and engineering services and support for many types of commercial and military aircraft. We also repair and overhaul various components, landing gears, wheels, and brakes for commercial and military aircraft. We operate six airframe maintenance facilities and one landing gear overhaul facility. Our landing gear overhaul facility is in Miami, Florida, where we repair and overhaul landing gear, wheels, brakes, and actuators for different types of commercial and military aircraft. Our U.S. airframe maintenance facilities are in Indianapolis, Indiana; Oklahoma City, Oklahoma; Miami, Florida; and Rockford, Illinois and our Canadian airframe maintenance facilities are in Trois Rivieres, Quebec and Windsor, Ontario. In addition to our North American facilities, we also have an interest in a joint venture which operates an airframe maintenance facility in India. The facility received certain regulatory approvals and commenced airframe maintenance operations in the second quarter of fiscal 2022. The majority of our product sales are made pursuant to standard commercial purchase orders. Government sales are generally made under standard types of government contracts, which can include firm fixed-price contracts, cost plus fixed fee contracts, and time-and-materials contracts. For cost plus fixed fee contracts, we typically receive reimbursement of our costs, to the extent the costs are allowable under contractual and regulatory provisions, in addition to receiving a fixed fee. Some of our contracts call for the performance of specified services or the delivery of specified products under indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity ID/IQ arrangements. Certain inventory supply and management and performance-based logistics program agreements reflect negotiated terms and conditions. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 To support activities within the Aviation Services segment, we acquire aviation parts and components from domestic and foreign airlines, independent aviation service companies, aircraft leasing companies, and OEMs. We have ongoing arrangements with OEMs that provide us access to parts, repair manuals, and service bulletins in support of parts manufactured by them. Although the terms of each arrangement vary, they typically are made on standard OEM terms as to duration, price, and delivery. From time to time, we purchase airframes and engines for resale or disassembly into individual parts and components. Airframes and engines may also be leased to airlines by us or through joint ventures on a short-term basis prior to disassembly or sale. Expeditionary Services The Expeditionary Services segment primarily consists of products and services supporting the movement of equipment and personnel by the U.S. and foreign governments and non-governmental organizations. The Expeditionary Services segment accounted for approximately 5 of our sales in fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021. Business activities in this segment are primarily conducted through AAR Manufacturing, Inc. and Brown International Corporation. We design, manufacture, and repair transportation pallets and a wide variety of containers and shelters used in support of military and humanitarian tactical deployment activities. The containers and shelters are used in numerous mission requirements, including armories, supply and parts storage, refrigeration systems, tactical operation centers, briefing rooms, laundry and kitchen facilities, water treatment, and sleeping quarters. Shelters include both stationary and vehicle-mounted applications.We also provide engineering, design, and system integration services for specialized command and control systems. During the first quarter of fiscal 2021, we sold our composites manufacturing business, which resulted in a charge of 20.2 million. The sale of the Composites business was consistent with our multi-year strategy to focus our portfolio on our core services offerings, and the transaction has allowed us to further prioritize our efforts in our principal operations. Sales in this segment are generally made to customers pursuant to standard commercial purchase orders and contracts. Government sales are generally made under standard types of government contracts, which can include firm fixed-price contracts, cost plus fixed fee contracts, and time-and-materials contracts. Some of our contracts call for the performance of specified services or the delivery of specified products under ID/IQ arrangements, however, the majority of our products and services are procured via definite contracts. Change in Operating Segments During the first quarter of fiscal 2024, our chief operating decision maker CODM implemented changes in how he evaluates the business, allocates resources, and assesses performance. Specifically, this new structure results in the separation of our Aviation Services segment into three new operating segments: Parts Supply, Repair Engineering and Integrated Solutions. Beginning with the first quarter of fiscal 2024, we will report under this new structure using the following four operating segments: Parts Supply, primarily consisting of our sales of used serviceable engine and airframe parts and components and distribution of new parts; Repair Engineering, primarily consisting of our maintenance, repair, and overhaul services across airframes and components, including landing gear; Integrated Solutions, primarily consisting of our fleet management and operations of customer-owned aircraft, customized performance-based supply chain logistics programs in support of the U.S. Department of Defense DoD and foreign governments, flight hour component inventory and repair programs for commercial airlines, and integrated software solutions including Trax; and Expeditionary Services, primarily consisting of products and services supporting the movement of equipment and personnel by the U.S. and foreign governments and non-governmental organizations. 
 In conjunction with the re-alignment, our CODM will evaluate each segment s performance based on operating income instead of gross profit as the CODM believes operating income is a more comprehensive profitability measure for each operating segment. These changes will be initially reflected in our condensed consolidated financial statements for the quarterly period ended August 31, 2023 and are not reflected herein. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 Raw Materials and Procurement of Repair and Other Services Although we generated approximately 60 of our fiscal 2023 sales from the sale of products, we are generally engaged in only limited manufacturing activities and have minimal exposure to fluctuations in both the availability and pricing of raw materials. We purchase raw materials for our manufacturing operations, including steel, aluminum, extrusions, balsa, and other necessary supplies from several vendors. Where necessary, we have been able to obtain raw materials and other inventory items from numerous sources for each segment at competitive prices, terms, and conditions, and we expect to be able to continue to do so. Historically, we have not been significantly impacted by inflation. Increases in raw material costs, freight, or other costs have generally been offset through efficiencies or price increases. A portion of our contracts contain terms and conditions that enable us to pass inflationary price increases to our customers. In those cases whereby inflationary increases are not contractually stipulated, we attempt to actively negotiate price increases. We have consistently implemented actions to deliver efficiencies and cost savings. While the historical benefits of these efforts have generally offset the margin impact of competitive pricing conditions in the markets that we serve, there are no assurances that higher prices can effectively be passed through to our customers or that we will be able to fully offset the effects of higher costs through price increases on a timely basis. Terms of Sale We generally sell our products and services under standard 30-day payment terms. On occasion, certain customers will negotiate extended payment terms of 60-90 days. Except for customary warranty provisions, customers neither have the right to return products nor do they have the right to extended financing. Our government contracts may extend several years and include one or more base years and one or more option years. The government generally has the right not to exercise options to extend or expand our contracts and may otherwise terminate, cancel, or modify some contracts at its convenience. Customers The principal customers for our products and services in the Aviation Services segment are domestic and foreign passenger airlines, domestic and foreign cargo airlines, regional and commuter airlines, business and general aviation operators, OEMs, aircraft leasing companies, aftermarket aviation support companies, the DoD and its contractors, the DoS, and foreign military organizations or governments. In the Expeditionary Services segment, our principal customers include the DoD and its contractors, foreign military organizations or governments, defense organizations, and OEMs. Sales of aviation products and services to our commercial airline customers are generally affected by such factors as the number, type and average age of aircraft in service, the levels of aircraft utilization (e.g., frequency of schedules, flying hours, and take-off and landing cycles), the number of airline operators, the general economy, and the level of sales of new and used aircraft. Sales to the DoD and other government agencies are subject to a number of factors, including the level of troop deployment worldwide, government funding, competitive bidding, and requirements generated by worldwide geopolitical events. We primarily market and sell products and services through our own employees. In certain markets outside of the United States, we rely on foreign sales representatives to assist in the sale of our products and services. Sales to Government and Defense Customers Sales to global government and defense customers (including sales to branches, agencies, and departments of the U.S. government) were 661.7 million (33.2 of consolidated sales), 736.2 million (40.5 of consolidated sales) and 845.9 million (51.2 of consolidated sales) in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Sales to branches, agencies, and departments of the U.S. government and their contractors were 577.0 million (29.0 of consolidated sales), 620.0 million (34.1 of consolidated sales) and 738.8 million (44.7 of consolidated sales) in fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Sales to government and defense customers are reported in each of our operating segments (See Note 16 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements). Since such sales are subject to competitive bidding and government funding, no assurance can be given that such sales will continue at levels previously experienced. The majority of our U.S. government sales are for products and services supporting DoS flight operations and DoD logistics and mobility strategy. Thus, our government contracts have changed, and may continue to change, with fluctuations in defense and other governmental agency spending and requirements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 For example, the U.S. Government decided to withdraw its U.S. Department of State personnel presence in Afghanistan during calendar year 2021. In conjunction with the U.S. exit from Afghanistan, we concluded our activities in country under our INL/A WASS and U.S. Department of Defense contracts in fiscal 2022. The operations related to our activities in Afghanistan contributed revenue of 67 million in fiscal 2021. Our government contracts are also often subject to termination for convenience by the customer; in the event of such a termination, we are contractually entitled to recover all allowable costs incurred by us through the date of termination. Government Regulation and Certificates The Federal Aviation Administration FAA regulates the manufacture, repair, and operation of all aircraft and aircraft parts operated in the United States. Similar rules and regulatory authorities exist in other countries. The inspection, maintenance and repair procedures for the various types of aircraft and equipment are prescribed by these regulatory authorities and can be performed only by certified repair facilities utilizing certified technicians. The FAA requires that various maintenance routines be performed on aircraft engines, certain engine parts, and airframes at regular intervals based on take off and landing cycles or flight time. Our businesses, which sell defense products and services directly to the U.S. government or through its contractors, can be subject to various laws and regulations governing pricing and other factors. We have nine FAA certificated repair stations in the United States, Canada, and Europe. Of the nine certificated FAA repair stations, seven are also European Aviation Safety Agency EASA and three are also Transport Canada Civil Aviation TCCA certificated repair stations. Such certificates, which are ongoing in duration, are required for us to perform authorized maintenance, repair, and overhaul services for our customers and are subject to revocation by the government for non-compliance with applicable regulations. All of the certificated repair stations are in the Aviation Services segment. We believe that we possess all licenses and certifications that are material to the conduct of our business. We also have a 40 ownership interest in a joint venture in Nagpur, India which operates an airframe maintenance facility as a Directorate General of Civil Aviation DGCA certificated repair station for heavy maintenance on Airbus A320 aircraft. Competition Competition in each of our markets is based on quality, ability to provide a broad range of products and services, speed of delivery, and price. Competitors in our Aviation Services segment include OEMs, the service divisions of large commercial airlines, and other independent suppliers of parts, repair, and overhaul services to the commercial and defense markets. Our Expeditionary Services segment competes with a number of divisions of large corporations and other large and small companies. Although certain of our competitors have substantially greater financial and other resources than we do, we believe that we have maintained a satisfactory competitive position through our responsiveness to customer needs, our attention to quality, and our unique combination of market expertise and technical and financial capabilities. Backlog Backlog represents the amount of revenue that we expect to derive from unshipped orders or signed contracts. The backlog primarily relates to our long-term programs where we provide component inventory management, supply chain logistics programs, and/or repair services. Backlog includes our remaining performance obligations based on the transaction price of firm orders for which work has not yet been performed as of May 31, 2023 and excludes unexercised contract options and potential orders under contracts such as ID/IQ contracts. At May 31, 2023, our firm backlog was approximately 740 million, and we expect that approximately 45 of this backlog will be recognized as revenue over the next 12 months and approximately 75 will be recognized as revenue over the next three years. Human Capital Resources As of May 31, 2023, we employed approximately 5,000 employees worldwide, with approximately 3,850 employees in the U.S. and approximately 1,150 employees outside of the U.S. The numbers are inclusive of approximately 100 U.S. employees from our recent Trax acquisition. We also retained approximately 500 contract workers as of May 31, 2023, the majority of whom are located at 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 our airframe maintenance facilities. We retain these contract workers as they provide unique skill sets which are necessary at certain facilities as well as mitigate the impact of demand variability with our customers. Our employees provide the foundation for our ability to achieve our strategic objectives. They are instrumental in driving operational execution and strong financial performance and maintaining a strong quality and compliance program. The success and growth of our business depends on our ability to attract, retain, and develop a population of talented and high-performing employees at all levels of our organization. To achieve this objective, we have formulated a human capital management vision to be the place of choice for people to build an inspiring career. Our people are at the center of our business. We care about the experience they have with us and the impact we collectively have in our community. Our human capital management strategy is centered on a purposeful culture, proactive career development and an inspiring employee experience. We believe this strategy is important because it helps us ensure workforce engagement, retention and productivity, which sets a foundation for strong business growth. Our human capital strategy includes the components noted below. We are excited that Tracey Patterson has joined AAR as our Chief HR Officer leading our people strategy globally. Tom Hoferer has also joined as our Senior Vice President and General Manager to lead our Repair Engineering segment where a large percentage of our workforce resides. Commitment to Safety One of our primary objectives is the health and safety of our employees. The commitment to safety starts at the top levels of our organization. Our Board of Directors maintains an Aviation Safety and Training Committee which oversees safety and training matters as well as our culture of safety compliance. We believe a safe and secure workplace is fundamental and important to our success and we are committed to providing a safe and healthy workplace, and complying with applicable safety and health laws, regulations and internal requirements. We are also committed to engaging our employees to continually improve health and safety by acting upon opportunities to reduce risk and improve our safety and health performance. We maintain comprehensive safety programs focused on identifying hazards and eliminating risks that can lead to severe injuries. We launched a corporatewide Safety and Management System SMS ), making us the first independent third-party MRO organization to implement this FAA recognized program. Our corporate SMS provides a single platform for all employees to proactively identify and report hazards, perform risk analysis, mitigate risks and share best practices. Competitive Pay and Benefits We focus on paying our employees competitively. We strive to provide competitive pay opportunities which reward our employees for achieving and exceeding objectives that create long-term value for stockholders. Providing competitive pay enhances our ability to attract and retain strong, innovative talent. Providing comprehensive, competitive and affordable benefits is important to our attraction and retention strategy. We offer health benefits which include various medical/pharmacy/dental plan options as well as a cost comparison tool to assist employees with their decisions. Health savings accounts for those in a high deductible health plan and flexible spending accounts for both health care and dependent care are also available to employees. The retirement, investment, and tax savings/deferral opportunities offered to employees include competitive 401k benefits and an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Employees are eligible for paid and unpaid leaves and, in addition, we offer a variety of other benefits to meet the needs of employees including an employee assistance program which provides some free counseling sessions, educational assistance and adoption assistance. Some of our facilities have fitness centers on site for employees to use. Diversity, Inclusion and Engagement We are an equal opportunity employer and recognize the value of an inclusive workforce. We believe that diversity and inclusivity empowers us to live our core values, and to be more innovative and focused on embracing new ideas for an ever-changing world. We have established company-wide Employee Resource Groups ERGs where employees can foster connections and develop in a supportive environment. Our ERGs also support the recruitment and development of diverse talent throughout the organization. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 We are continually seeking out new ways to broaden our exposure to underrepresented groups in the aviation industry and to do our part to develop talent globally. AAR s Fellowship Program provides recipients tuition assistance and the opportunity to work at one of our MRO facilities while completing their Airframe and Powerplant program at a partner college. After graduation, fellows in good standing are guaranteed employment with us. Due to the success of this program, we have expanded our Fellowship program in calendar 2023 to include two Indianapolis, Indiana colleges. Talent Development Our continued success depends on a workforce of skilled talent. Attracting people to join us and retaining that workforce requires collaboration across industry, education, and government to develop pathways for future talent. We are proud to lead the way. Our custom-built Eagle Career Pathway program is helping us build the next generation labor force, hire from untapped talent pools and enable easy transition from military service. We are also proud to partner with Choose Aerospace, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit, to create a general aviation curriculum based on FAA standards. Following a successful pilot program, the curriculum officially launched across six states. Internally, our global talent development model aligns with our desire to support a talented and high performing workforce throughout our organization. Annual talent reviews are conducted to provide meaningful and timely feedback, identify career aspirations and opportunities to grow future focused skills. The development of our talent is ongoing through Individual Development Plans, assessments, learning and development classes, mentorship programs, and cohort style leadership development programs. We seek to foster a spirit of continuous learning and our workforce has responded with a total of 19,000 hours of professional development since 2019 including 5,000 hours in fiscal 2023. Business Ethics Our Code of Conduct Code is a statement of the principles and standards that we expect our employees to follow. Each officer, director and employee is required to use good ethical judgement when conducting business and comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations. The Code describes what is appropriate behavior and guides ethical business decisions that maintain a commitment to integrity. Failure to comply with the Code and applicable laws can have severe consequences for both us and individuals involved, including disciplinary action, civil penalties or criminal prosecution under certain circumstances. Available Information For additional information concerning our business segments, see Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Business Segment Information in Note 16 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. Our internet address is www.aarcorp.com. We make available free of charge through our web site our Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish such material to, the Securities and Exchange Commission. Information contained on our web site is not a part of this report. Information about our Executive Officers Information concerning each of our executive officers is set forth below: 

Name Age Present Position with the Company John M. Holmes 46 Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer, Director Sean M. Gillen 37 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Jessica A. Garascia 44 Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Administrative Officer and Secretary Chris Jessup 45 Senior Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer Eric S. Pachapa 50 Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer Tracey Patterson 48 Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 Mr. Holmes is Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, having served in that capacity since January 2023. Prior to that he served as President and Chief Executive Officer since June 2018. From June 2017 to May 2018, Mr. Holmes served as President and Chief Operating Officer. From February 2015 to June 2017, Mr. Holmes served as Chief Operating Officer Aviation Services. Prior to that, Mr. Holmes served as Group Vice President, Aviation Services Inventory Management and Distribution from 2012 to 2015, General Manager and Division President of our Allen Asset Management business from 2003 to 2012, and in various other positions since joining the Company in September 2001. Mr. Holmes has been a director of the Company since 2017. Mr. Gillen is Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, having served in that capacity since January 2019. Prior to joining AAR, Mr. Gillen was Vice President and Treasurer of USG Corporation since 2017. Prior to USG, Mr. Gillen spent nine years in investment banking with Goldman Sachs, most recently as a Vice President in their Global Industrials Group. Ms. Garascia is Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Administrative Officer and Secretary, having served in the capacity of General Counsel and Secretary since February 2020 and Chief Administrative Officer since July 2022. Prior to joining the Company, from September 2013 through February 2020, Ms. Garascia served in positions of increasing responsibility for USG Corporation, most recently as Deputy General Counsel. Prior to USG, Ms. Garascia was an attorney for the Museum of Science and Industry and the law firm of Jenner Block. Mr. Jessup is Senior Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer, having served in that capacity since June 2017. Mr. Jessup previously served as Chief Commercial Officer for the Company s Aviation Services segment since February 2015, and prior to that, he served in various capacities within the Company s Maintenance, Repair and Overhaul operations. Mr. Pachapa is Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer, having served in that capacity since July 2016. Mr. Pachapa previously served as Controller since October 2015 and Senior Director of Accounting and Reporting since April 2014. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Pachapa was with Glanbia plc from 2011 to 2014, and with Ernst Young LLP from 1996 to 2011. Ms. Patterson is Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer, having served in that capacity since February 2023. Prior to joining the Company, from June 2006 through February 2023, Ms. Patterson served in positions of increasing responsibility for Accenture, most recently as Managing Director in their Operations business leading Global HR Operations for Accenture. Prior to Accenture, Ms. Patterson spent ten years in client service delivery with Aon and Arthur Andersen. Each executive officer is elected annually by the Board of Directors. Executive officers continue to hold office until their successors are duly elected or until their death, resignation, termination or reassignment. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS The following is a description of the principal risks inherent in our business. Any of the risks and uncertainties described below could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations and should be considered in evaluating us. Although the risks are organized by heading, and each risk is described separately, many of the risks are interrelated. While we believe we have identified and discussed below the material risks affecting our business, there may be additional risks and uncertainties that we do not presently know or that we do not currently believe to be material that may adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations in the future. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry We are affected by factors that adversely impact the commercial aviation industry. As a provider of products and services to the commercial aviation industry, we are greatly affected by overall economic conditions of that industry. The commercial aviation industry is historically cyclical and has been negatively affected in the past by geopolitical events, conflicts and wars, weather related events, natural disasters, pandemics, disruption to fuel and oil production and supply shortages, high fuel and oil prices, environmental concerns (including climate change), lack of capital, cost inflation, and weak economic conditions. As a result of these and other events, from time to time certain of our customers have filed for bankruptcy protection or ceased operation. The impact of instability in the global financial markets may lead airlines to reduce domestic or international capacity. In addition, certain of our airline customers have in the past been impacted by tight credit markets, which limited their ability to buy parts, services, engines, and aircraft. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 A reduction in the operating fleet of aircraft both in the U.S. and abroad will result in reduced demand for parts support and maintenance activities for the type of aircraft affected. A deteriorating airline environment may also result in our inability to fully collect outstanding accounts receivable, which we experienced during the height of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020 and 2021. Reduced demand from customers caused by weak economic conditions, including tight credit conditions and customer bankruptcies, may adversely impact our financial condition or results of operations. In addition, an increase in energy costs and the price of fuel to the airlines could result in additional pressure on the operating costs of airlines, who comprise our largest customers. The market for jet fuel is inherently volatile and is subject to, among other things, changes in government policy on jet fuel production, fluctuations in the global supply of crude oil and disruptions in oil production or delivery caused by hostility in oil-producing areas. Airlines are sometimes unable to pass on increases in fuel prices to customers by increasing fares due to the competitive nature of the airline industry, and this compounds the pressure on operating costs, and in turn, airlines ability to do business with us. In addition, our business depends on maintaining a sufficient supply of various products to meet our customers demands. If we were to lose a key supplier, or were unable to obtain the same levels of deliveries from these suppliers and were unable to supplement those purchases with products obtained from other suppliers, it could have a material adverse effect on our business. Additionally, our key suppliers could also increase the pricing of their products, which would negatively affect our operating results if we were not able to pass these price increases through to our customers. Our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth rates have been and may continue to be adversely affected by these and other events that impact the aviation industry, including the following: deterioration in the financial condition of our existing and potential customers; reductions in the need for, or the deferral of, aircraft maintenance and repair services and spare parts support; retirement of older generation aircraft, resulting in lower prices for spare parts and services for those aircraft; reductions in demand for used aircraft and engines; increased in-house maintenance by airlines; lack of parts in the marketplace; acts of terrorism; economic sanctions; inflationary pressures and conditions; political, social and economic instability and disruptions; cost of labor shortages and other changes in labor conditions; future outbreaks of infectious diseases; and acts of God. 
 Pandemics and other disease outbreaks, such as COVID-19, and similar public health threats that may arise in the future, may have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. While commercial airline traffic recovered significantly from COVID-19 over the last two years, pandemics, disease outbreaks or similar public health threats, continues to pose a range of risks to our business. The emergence of new variants or diseases, developments in the public health situation, the reimposition of regional or global travel restrictions, and other pandemic-related complications could have a negative impact on our business. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 Reduced numbers of aircraft flying or flight hours negatively impacts the demand for our aftermarket parts support and maintenance services, and any prolonged reduction in the future could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition, and liquidity. From the COVID-19 pandemic, some businesses have expanded remote working opportunities and continued to restrict non-essential travel for their employees, which has kept demand for business air travel below pre-pandemic levels. Consumer behavior related to traveling may continue to be negatively impacted by adverse changes in business travel patterns or adverse changes in the perceived or actual economic climate, including declines in income levels and/or loss of wealth resulting from the impact from economic conditions. We are unable to predict the extent to which disease outbreaks or other public health threats that may arise in the future may change air travel, which could have a material impact on our business. The degree to which any future disease outbreaks or public health threats may impact our business, results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity is uncertain and will depend on future developments. Our U.S. government contracts may not continue at present sales levels, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Our sales to branches, agencies and departments of the U.S. government and their contractors were 577.0 million (29.0 of consolidated sales) in fiscal 2023 (See Note 16 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements). The majority of our U.S. government sales is for products and services supporting DoD aircraft sustainment and mobility strategy and DoS flight operations and are, therefore, subject to changes in defense and other governmental agency funding and spending. Our contracts with the U.S. government and their contractors are typically agreements to provide products and services at a fixed price and have a term of one year or less, frequently subject to extension for one or more additional periods of one year at the option of the government customer. Sales to agencies of the U.S. government and their contractors are subject to a number of factors, including the level of troop and personnel deployment worldwide, competitive bidding, U.S. government funding, requirements generated by world events, and budgetary constraints. For example, in conjunction with the U.S. exit from Afghanistan in fiscal 2022, we concluded our activities in country under our DoS and DoD contracts. U.S. government programs are subject to annual congressional budget authorization and appropriation processes. In recent years, U.S. government appropriations have been affected by larger U.S. government budgetary issues and related legislation, including the statutory limit on the amount of permissible federal debt. These issues could negatively affect the timely collection of our U.S. government invoices. Future congressional appropriation and authorization of defense spending and the application of sequestration remain marked by significant debate and an uncertain schedule. The federal debt limit continues to be actively debated as plans for long-term national fiscal policy are discussed. The outcome of these debates could have a significant impact on defense spending broadly and programs we support in particular. If there are funding delays and constraints, we may be required to continue to perform for some period of time on certain of our U.S. government contracts even if the U.S. government is unable to make timely payments. Future budget cuts, including cuts mandated by sequestration, or future procurement decisions could result in reductions, cancellations, and/or delays of existing contracts or programs which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, U.S. government programs budgets could be negatively impacted by possible policy changes on defense spending, spending priorities outside defense, reduction in military presence overseas and in general pressure to reduce U.S. defense spending. A significant reduction in defense spending could result in a reduction in the amount of our products and services furnished to the U.S. government. We use estimates when accounting for long-term contracts and face risks of cost overruns and losses on these contracts. We sell certain of our products and services to our commercial, government, and defense customers under firm contracts providing for fixed unit prices, regardless of costs incurred by us. The cost of providing products or services may be adversely affected by increases in the cost of labor, materials, fuel, overhead, and other unknown variants, including manufacturing and other operational 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 inefficiencies and differences between assumptions used by us to price a contract and actual results. Increased costs may result in cost overruns and losses on such contracts, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We recognize revenue on our long-term contracts primarily over time as there is continuous transfer of control to the customer over the duration of the contract as the services are delivered, which generally requires estimates of total costs at completion, fees earned on the contract, or both. This estimation process is complex and involves significant judgment related to assumptions on flight hours, component repair costs, labor hours and rates, and contract penalties and incentives. Adjustments to estimates are often required as work progresses, experience is gained and additional information becomes known, even though the scope of the work required under the contract may not change. Any adjustment as a result of a change in estimates is recognized as events become known. Changes in the underlying assumptions, circumstances or estimates could result in adjustments that may adversely affect our future financial results. If our subcontractors or suppliers fail to perform their contractual obligations, our contract profitability and our ability to win new contracts may be adversely affected. We rely on subcontractors to perform a portion of the services we agree to provide our customers, and our suppliers provide necessary inventory and component parts. A failure by one or more of our subcontractors or suppliers to satisfactorily provide on a timely basis the agreed-upon services or supplies may affect our ability to perform our contractual obligations. Deficiencies in the performance of our subcontractors and/or suppliers could result in liquidated damages or our customer terminating our contract for default. A termination for default could expose us to liability and adversely affect our financial performance and our ability to win new contract awards. Success at our airframe maintenance facilities is dependent upon continued outsourcing by the airlines and our ability to maintain our operational footprint. We currently perform airframe maintenance, repair, and overhaul activities at six leased locations. If our maintenance facilities become unavailable either temporarily or permanently due to our inability to extend our leases on commercial reasonable terms, labor disruptions or circumstances beyond our control, such as geopolitical developments or logistical complications arising from acts of war, cyber-attacks, weather, global climate change, earthquakes or other natural disasters including public health crises, we may be unable to shift such work to other facilities or to make up for lost work. Revenues at these facilities fluctuate based on demand for maintenance which, in turn, is driven by the number of aircraft operating and the extent of outsourcing of maintenance activities by airlines. In addition, certain airlines operate certain new fleet types and/or newer generation aircraft and we may not have contractual arrangements to service these aircraft nor technicians trained and certified to perform the required airframe maintenance, repair, and overhaul activities. If either the number of aircraft operating or the level of outsourcing of maintenance activities declines, we may not be able to execute our operational and financial plans at our maintenance, repair, and overhaul facilities, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our operations may be adversely affected by a shortage of skilled personnel or work stoppages. Our business has historically been dependent on educated and skilled aviation mechanics because of the complex nature of many of our products and services. We face competition for management and qualified technical personnel from other companies and organizations. Furthermore, we have a collective bargaining agreement covering approximately 200 employees in our Expeditionary Services segment (approximately 5 of our total workforce). Our ability to operate successfully and meet our customers demands could be jeopardized if we are unable to attract and retain a sufficient number of skilled personnel, including aviation mechanics, to conduct our business, or we experience a significant or prolonged work stoppage in such an environment. In such case, our ability to secure new work and our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. There is significant competition for such personnel in the industries in which we operate. We may be impacted by higher labor costs and/or labor shortages due to wage and salary inflationary pressures in the economy, a tightening labor market and increased rates of employee resignations generally throughout the U.S. economy. Employees in certain locations have shown increased interest in unionization. If a significant portion of our employees were to become unionized, our labor costs could increase and our business could be negatively affected by other requirements and expectations that could increase our costs, change our employee culture, decrease our flexibility and disrupt our business. Additionally, our responses to any union organizing efforts could negatively impact how we are perceived and have adverse effects on our business, including on our financial results. These responses could also expose us to legal risk, causing us to incur costs to defend legal and regulatory actions, potential penalties and restrictions or reputational harm. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 We operate in highly competitive markets, and competitive pressures may adversely affect us. The markets for our products and services to our commercial, government, and defense customers are highly competitive, and we face competition from a number of sources, both domestic and international. Our competitors include aircraft manufacturers, aircraft component and parts manufacturers, airline and aircraft service companies, other companies providing maintenance, repair and overhaul services, other aircraft spare parts distributors and redistributors. Some of our competitors have substantially greater financial and other resources than we have and others may price their products and services below our selling prices. These competitive markets also create pressure on our ability to hire and retain qualified technicians and other skilled labor needs. We believe that our ability to compete depends on superior customer service and support, on-time delivery, sufficient inventory availability, competitive pricing, and effective quality assurance programs. Our government customers, including the DoD and DoS, may turn to commercial contractors, rather than traditional defense contractors, for certain work, or may utilize set asides such as small business, women-owned, or minority-owned contractors or determine to source work internally rather than use us. We are also impacted by bid protests from unsuccessful bidders on new program awards and task orders. Bid protests could result in significant expense for us, contract modifications, or the award decision being overturned and loss of the contract award. Even where a bid protest does not result in the loss of an award, the resolution can extend the time until the contract activity can begin, and delay earnings. These competitive pressures, with potential impacts on both our commercial and government business, could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We are exposed to risks associated with operating internationally. We conduct our business in a number of foreign countries, some of which are politically unstable or subject to military or civil conflicts. Consequently, we are subject to a variety of risks that are specific to international operations, including the following: military conflicts, civil strife, and political risks; export regulations that could erode profit margins or restrict exports; export controls and financial and economic sanctions imposed on certain industry sectors, including the aviation sector, and parties in Russia by the U.S., the U.K., the European Union and others; compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, United Kingdom UK Bribery Act 2010, and other anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws; see Note 17 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information about certain pending proceedings; the burden and cost of compliance with foreign laws, treaties, and technical standards and changes in those regulations; contract award and funding delays; potential restrictions on transfers of funds; import and export duties and value added taxes; foreign exchange risk; transportation delays and interruptions; uncertainties arising from foreign local business practices and cultural considerations; and changes in U.S. policies on trade relations and trade policy, including implementation of or changes in trade sanctions, tariffs, and embargoes. 
 Any measures adopted to reduce the potential impact of losses resulting from the risks of doing business internationally, may not be adequate, and the regions in which we operate might not continue to be stable enough to allow us to operate profitably or at all. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 Acquisitions expose us to risks, including the risk that we may be unable to effectively integrate acquired businesses. We have completed acquisitions in the past and we have discussions with third parties regarding acquisitions on a regular basis. Acquisitions involve risks, including difficulties in integrating the operations and personnel, the effects of amortization of any acquired intangible assets and the potential impairment of goodwill, and the potential loss of key employees of the acquired business. In addition, acquisitions often require substantial management resources and have the potential to divert our attention from our existing business. For any businesses we may acquire in the future, we may not be able to execute our operational, financial, or integration plans for the acquired businesses, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of the Trax acquisition, and may face difficulties integrating Trax s operations. We expect the acquisition of Trax, as a provider of comprehensive MRO and airline fleet management software, to expand our proprietary technology and digital portfolio and accelerate our strategy to offer digital solutions to our customers. However, we may not realize the anticipated benefits of the Trax acquisition or our digital solutions strategy, including any synergies, cross-selling opportunities, cost savings or growth opportunities. These benefits may not be achieved within the anticipated time frame, or at all. Further, we may not be able to execute our integration plans for Trax and may face diversion of management attention from our existing business, unanticipated costs and risks associated with expanding further into the digital solutions market. Failing to realize the anticipated benefits and difficulties integrating Trax could have a material adverse effect on business, operating results and financial condition. Market values for our aviation products fluctuate and we may be unable to recover our costs incurred on engines, rotable components and other aircraft parts. We make a number of assumptions when determining the recoverability of rotable components, engines, and other assets which are on lease, available for lease, or supporting our long-term programs. These assumptions include historical sales trends, current and expected usage trends, replacement values, current and expected lease rates, residual values, future demand, and future cash flows. Reductions in demand for these assets or declining market values, as well as differences between actual results and the assumptions utilized by us when determining the recoverability of our aircraft, engines, and other assets, could result in impairment charges in future periods, which would adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our business could be negatively affected by cyber or other security threats or other disruptions. Our business depends heavily on information technology and computerized systems to communicate and operate effectively. We store sensitive data including proprietary business information, intellectual property and confidential employee or other personal data on our servers and databases. Our systems and technologies, or those of third parties on which we rely, could fail or become unreliable due to equipment failures, software viruses, cyber threats, ransomware attacks, terrorist acts, natural disasters, power failures, political or social unrest, pandemics or other public health issues or other causes. These threats arise in some cases as a result of our role as a defense contractor. Cyber security threats are evolving and include, but are not limited to, malicious software, attempts to gain unauthorized access to our sensitive information, business e-mail compromises, ransomware attacks, and other electronic security breaches, including at our customers, suppliers, subcontractors, and joint venture partners, that could lead to disruptions in mission critical systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information, and corruption of data. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 A theft, loss, fraudulent use or misuse of customer, stockholder, employee or our proprietary data by cybercrime or otherwise, noncompliance with our contractual or other legal obligations regarding such data or a violation of our privacy and security policies with respect to such data could adversely impact our reputation and could result in costs, fines, litigation or regulatory action against us. Security breaches can create system disruptions and shutdowns that could result in disruptions to our operations. We cannot be certain that advances in criminal capabilities, new vulnerabilities or other developments will not compromise or breach the security solutions protecting our information technology, networks and systems. A failure of or cyber attack on our information systems technology or those of our partners, customers, vendors, or suppliers could adversely affect our ability to process orders, maintain proper levels of inventory, collect accounts receivable and pay expenses; all of which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Such serious harm can involve, among other things, misuse of our assets, business disruptions, loss of data, unauthorized access to trade secrets and confidential business information, unauthorized access to personal information, legal claims or proceedings, reporting errors, processing inefficiencies, negative media attention, reputational harm, loss of sales, remediation and increased insurance costs, and interference with regulatory compliance. We have experienced and expect to continue to experience some of these types of cybersecurity threats and incidents, which could be material in the future. The procedures and controls we utilize to monitor and mitigate these threats may not be sufficient to prevent security threats from materializing. If any of these events were to materialize, the costs related to cyber or other security threats or disruptions may not be fully insured or indemnified and could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, operating results, and financial condition. Moreover, expenditures incurred in implementing and maintaining cyber security and other procedures and controls could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We may need to make significant capital expenditures to keep pace with technological developments in our industry. The industries in which we participate are constantly undergoing development and change, and it is likely that new products, equipment, and methods of repair and overhaul services will be introduced in the future. We may need to make significant expenditures to purchase new equipment and to train our employees to keep pace with any new technological developments. These expenditures could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Risks Related to Financial Matters We may need to reduce the carrying value of our assets. We own and distribute a significant amount of engines, aircraft parts and components, as well as own manufacturing facilities and joint venture investments. Recurring losses in certain operations could require us to evaluate the recoverability of the carrying value of the related assets and recognize an impairment charge through earnings to reduce the carrying value. In addition, if aircraft or engines for which we offer replacement parts or supply repair and overhaul services are retired and there are fewer aircraft that require these parts or services, our revenues may decline. We make a number of assumptions when determining the recoverability of our assets, including historical sales trends, current and expected usage trends, replacement values, current and expected lease rates, residual values, future demand, and future cash flows. Differences between actual results and the assumptions utilized by us when determining the recoverability of our assets could result in impairment charges in future periods, which would adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We have recorded goodwill and other intangible assets related to acquisitions, including 122.3 million associated with our acquisition of Trax in fiscal 2023. If we are unable to achieve the projected levels of operating results, it may be necessary to record an impairment charge to reduce the carrying value of goodwill and related intangible assets. Similarly, if we were to lose a key customer or if a regulator were to terminate any of our repair certificates at our airframe maintenance or landing gear facilities, we might be required to record an impairment charge if we were unable to operate. We may not be able to fully execute our stock repurchase program and may not otherwise return capital to our stockholders in the foreseeable future. In 2021, we announced a stock repurchase program with authorization to repurchase up to 150 million of our common stock, of which 92.4 million has been repurchased under the program as of May 31, 2023. There is no guarantee as to the exact number of shares or value that will be repurchased under the stock repurchase program and we may discontinue purchases at any time. Whether 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 we make any further repurchases will depend on many factors, including but not limited to our business and financial performance, the business and market conditions at the time, including the price of our shares, and other factors that management considers relevant. Additionally, we expect to fund repurchases under our stock repurchase program through cash on hand, which may impact our ability to pursue potential strategic opportunities. Although our stock repurchase program is intended to enhance long-term stockholder value, short-term stock price fluctuations could reduce the program s effectiveness and there can be no assurance that any stock repurchases will enhance stockholder value. Our credit agreement prohibits payment of a dividend or repurchase of our stock if a default exists under the agreement. In addition, we have not declared a dividend on our common stock since 2020, and there can be no assurance that we will do so in the foreseeable future. The declaration and payment of cash dividends is at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will be dependent upon our future earnings, cash flows, financial condition, capital requirements and strategy and any future government restrictions. If we do not pay dividends or continue to execute on our stock repurchase program, investors will have to rely on the possibility of stock appreciation and sell their shares to realize a return on their investment. We are dependent upon continued availability of financing to manage our business and to execute our business strategy, and additional financing may not be available on terms acceptable to us. Our ability to manage our business and to execute our business strategy is dependent, in part, on the continued availability of debt and equity capital. Access to the debt and equity capital markets may be limited by various factors, including the condition of overall credit markets, general economic factors, interest rates, state of the aviation industry, our financial performance, and credit ratings. Debt and equity capital may not continue to be available to us on favorable terms, or at all. Our inability to obtain financing on favorable terms could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our existing debt includes restrictive and/or financial covenants. Certain financing arrangements, including our Revolving Credit Facility and our accounts receivable financing program, require us to comply with various restrictive covenants and some contain financial covenants that require us to comply with specified financial ratios and tests. Our failure to meet these covenants could result in default under these loan and debt agreements and may result in a cross-default under other debt agreements. In the event of a default and our inability to obtain a waiver of the default, all amounts outstanding under our debt agreements could be declared immediately due and payable. Our failure to comply with these covenants could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory Matters If we fail to comply with government procurement laws and regulations, we could lose business and be liable for various penalties or sanctions. We must comply with laws and regulations relating to the formation, administration, and performance of government contracts. In the U.S., these laws and regulations include the Federal Acquisition Regulations, Defense Federal Acquisition Regulations, the Truth in Negotiations Act, Cost Accounting Standards, and laws, regulations, and orders restricting the use and dissemination of classified information under the U.S. export control laws and the export of certain products and technical information and safeguarding of contractor information systems. In addition, we are subject to U.S. government inquiries and investigations, including periodic audits of costs that we determine are reimbursable under government contracts. U.S. government agencies routinely audit government contractors, including the Company, to review performance under contracts, cost structure and compliance with applicable laws, regulations, and standards, as well as the adequacy of and compliance with internal control systems and policies, including the contractor s purchasing, property, estimating, compensation and management information systems. Any costs found to be misclassified or inaccurately allocated to a specific contract are not reimbursable, and to the extent already reimbursed, must be refunded. Also, any inadequacies in our systems and policies could result in payments being withheld, penalties and reduced future business. U.S. government rules allow contracting officers to impose contractual withholdings at no less than certain minimum levels if a contracting officer determines that one or more of a contractor s business systems have one or more significant deficiencies. If a contracting officer were to impose such a withholding on us or even on a prime contractor where we are the subcontractor, it would 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 increase the risk that we would not be paid in full or paid timely. If future audit adjustments exceed our estimates, our profitability could be adversely affected. If a government inquiry or investigation uncovers improper or illegal activities, we could be subject to civil or criminal penalties or administrative sanctions, including contract termination, fines, forfeiture of fees, suspension of payment and suspension or debarment from doing business with government agencies, any of which could materially adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. We are subject to significant government regulation and may need to incur significant expenses to comply with new or more stringent governmental regulation. The aviation industry is highly regulated by the FAA in the U.S. and equivalent regulatory agencies in other countries. Before we sell any of our products that are to be installed in an aircraft, such as engines, engine parts and components, and airframe and accessory parts and components, they must meet certain standards of airworthiness established by the FAA or the equivalent regulatory agencies in certain other countries. We operate repair stations that are licensed by the FAA and the equivalent regulatory agencies in certain other countries, and hold certificates to operate aircraft. Specific regulations vary from country to country; although regulatory requirements in other countries are generally satisfied by compliance with FAA requirements. New and more stringent governmental regulations may be adopted in the future that, if enacted, may have an adverse impact on us. If any of our material licenses, certificates, authorizations, or approvals were revoked or suspended by the FAA or equivalent regulatory agencies in other countries, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. Our industry is susceptible to product and other liability claims, and claims not adequately covered by insurance may adversely affect our financial condition. Our business exposes us to possible claims for property damage and bodily injury or death, which may result if an engine, engine part or component, airframe part or accessory, or any other aviation product that we have sold, manufactured, or repaired fails, or if an aircraft we operated, serviced, or in which our products are installed, has an accident. Claims may arise in the future, and our insurance coverage may not be adequate to protect us in all circumstances. Additionally, we might not be able to maintain adequate insurance coverage in the future at an acceptable cost. Any liability claim not covered by adequate insurance could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We could be negatively impacted by stakeholder and market focus on Environmental, Social and Governance ESG matters. There has been an increasing focus on corporate ESG practices and disclosures over the past few years, and expectations in this area are rapidly evolving. The criteria used to evaluate ESG practices may continue to evolve, which could result in greater expectations and may cause us to undertake costly initiatives to satisfy new criteria and abide by any new disclosure requirements. The increasing attention to sustainability could also result in reduced demand for certain of our products and/or reduced profits. If we are unable to respond effectively, investors may conclude that our ESG policies and/or actions are inadequate and decide not to invest in our stock. If we are perceived to have failed to achieve our ESG initiatives or accurately disclose our progress on such matters, our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted. We must comply with extensive environmental requirements, and any exposure to environmental liabilities may adversely affect us. Federal, state, and local requirements relating to the discharge and emission of substances into the environment, the disposal of hazardous wastes, the remediation and abatement of contaminants, and other activities affecting the environment have had and may continue to have an impact on our operations. Management cannot assess the possible effect of compliance with future environmental requirements or of future environmental claims for which we may not have adequate indemnification or insurance coverage. If we were required to pay the expenses related to any future environmental claims for which neither indemnification nor insurance coverage were available, these expenses could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 Future environmental regulatory developments in the United States and abroad concerning environmental issues, such as climate change, could adversely affect our operations and increase operating costs and, through their impact on our customers, reduce demand for our products and services. Actions may be taken in the future by the U.S. government, state governments within the United States, foreign governments, or the International Civil Aviation Organization to regulate the emission of greenhouse gases by the aviation industry. The precise nature of any such requirements and their applicability to us and our customers are difficult to predict, but the impact to us and the aviation industry would likely be adverse and could be significant, including the potential for increased fuel costs, carbon taxes or fees, or a requirement to purchase carbon credits. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS Not Applicable. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES In the Aviation Services segment, we conduct parts supply activities from our headquarters in Wood Dale, Illinois, which we own. In addition to warehouse space, this facility includes executive, sales and administrative offices. Our principal maintenance, repair, overhaul, engineering and other service activities for this segment are conducted at U.S. facilities leased by us in Indianapolis, Indiana; Oklahoma City, Oklahoma; Miami, Florida; Medley, Florida; and Rockford, Illinois and at Canadian facilities leased by us in Trois Rivieres, Quebec and Windsor, Ontario. We also lease facilities in Garden City, New York; Jacksonville, Florida; Rockledge, Florida; Ogden, Utah; Windsor, Connecticut; Brussels, Belgium; London, England; and Crawley, England, and own a building near Schiphol International Airport in the Netherlands to support activities in the Aviation Services segment. Our principal activities in the Expeditionary Services segment are conducted at a facility we own in Cadillac, Michigan. We also operate sales offices that support all our activities and are leased in London, England; Crawley, England; Paris, France; Rio de Janeiro, Brazil; Tokyo, Japan; Shanghai, China; Singapore, Republic of Singapore; and Dubai, UAE. We believe that our owned and leased facilities are suitable and adequate for our operational requirements. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS Note 17 of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended May 31, 2023 contained in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K includes information on legal proceedings that constitute material contingencies for financial reporting purposes that could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or liquidity if they were resolved in a manner that is adverse to us. The information in Note 17 is incorporated by reference in this Item 3. There are no matters which constitute material pending legal proceedings to which we are a party other than those incorporated into this item by reference from Note 17 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended May 31, 2023 contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not Applicable. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange and the Chicago Stock Exchange under the symbol AIR. On June 30, 2023, there were approximately 775 holders of common stock, including participants in security position listings. Stockholder Return Performance Graph The following graph compares the total return on a cumulative basis of 100 invested, and reinvestment of dividends in our common stock on May 31, 2018 to the Standard and Poor s S P 500 Index and the Proxy Peer Group: 

Indexed Returns Base Period Years Ending Company/Index/Peer Group 5/31/18 5/31/19 5/31/20 5/31/21 5/31/22 5/31/23 AAR CORP. 100.00 67.84 45.89 94.99 109.71 114.01 S P 500 Index 100.00 103.78 117.11 164.32 163.83 168.62 Peer Group 100.00 107.72 79.11 125.38 113.68 125.57 The S P 500 Index is comprised of domestic industry leaders in four major sectors: Industrial, Financial, Utility, and Transportation, and serves as a broad indicator of the performance of the U.S. equity market. The Company s Fiscal 2023 Proxy Peer Group companies are listed as follows: 

Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings, Inc. Kaman Corporation Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc. Moog Inc. Barnes Group Inc. MSC Industrial Direct Co., Inc. Crane Co. Spirit Aerosystems Holdings, Inc. Curtiss-Wright Corporation The Timken Company Ducommun Incorporated TriMas Corporation Heico Corporation Triumph Group, Inc. Hexcel Corporation Woodward, Inc. 

 New peer group companies added for fiscal 2023 due to their business and financial comparability to the Company. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 Three companies were removed from the prior year s peer group: Cubic Corporation was acquired, and Teledyne Technologies Incorporated and CACI International Inc were judged to no longer be suitable comparator companies due to their size. The Company annually revisits the composition of the peer group to ensure that the Company s performance is measured against those of comparably sized and situated companies. The mix of the Company s commercial and government/defense markets presents a challenge in constructing a peer group, given that many government/defense contractors have substantially greater resources than the Company. Dividends The prohibition on our payment of dividends under the Payroll Support Program of the CARES Act ended September 30, 2021. We did not declare any dividends in fiscal 2022 or 2023. The declaration and payment of cash dividends is at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will be dependent upon our future earnings, cash flows, financial condition, capital requirements and strategy and any future government restrictions. ITEM 6. (Reserved) ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Dollars in millions) Background and Forward-Looking Statements The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations, and quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included in this Form 10-K. For a discussion of the comparison of fiscal 2022 and 2021, refer to Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2022 (filed July 21, 2022). Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contain certain statements relating to future results, which are forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may also be identified because they contain words such as anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, likely, may, might, plan, potential, predict, project, seek, should, target, will, would, or similar expressions and the negatives of those terms. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions and estimates based on information available to us as of the dates such assumptions and estimates are made, and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, including those factors discussed under Item 1A, Risk Factors, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. Should one or more of those risks or uncertainties materialize adversely, or should underlying assumptions or estimates prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those described. Those events and uncertainties are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many are beyond our control. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. General Overview We report our activities in two business segments: Aviation Services comprised of supply chain and maintenance, repair and overhaul MRO activities and Expeditionary Services comprised of manufacturing activities. The Aviation Services segment consists of aftermarket support and services offerings that provide spare parts and maintenance support for aircraft operated by our commercial and government/defense customers. Sales in the Aviation Services segment are derived from the sale and lease of a wide variety of new, overhauled and repaired engine and airframe parts and components to the commercial aviation and government and defense markets. We provide customized inventory supply chain management, performance-based logistics programs, customer fleet management and operations, and aircraft component repair management services. The segment also includes repair, maintenance and overhaul of aircraft, landing gear and components. Cost of sales consists principally of the cost of product, direct labor, and overhead. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 The Expeditionary Services segment consists of primarily manufacturing operations with sales derived from the design and manufacture of pallets, shelters, and containers used to support the U.S. military s requirements for a mobile and agile force including engineering, design, and system integration services for specialized command and control systems. Cost of sales consists principally of the cost of material to manufacture products, direct labor and overhead. Our chief operating decision making officer CODM is our Chief Executive Officer and he evaluates performance on our operating segments using gross profit as the primary profitability measure. Gross profit is calculated by subtracting cost of sales from sales. The assets and certain expenses related to corporate activities are not allocated to the segments. Our operating segments are aligned principally around differences in products and services. Change in Operating Segments During the first quarter of fiscal 2024, our CODM implemented changes in how he evaluates the business, allocates resources, and assesses performance. Specifically, this new structure results in the separation of our Aviation Services segment into three new operating segments: Parts Supply, Repair Engineering and Integrated Solutions. Beginning with the first quarter of fiscal 2024, we will report under this new structure using the following four operating segments: Parts Supply, primarily consisting of our sales of used serviceable engine and airframe parts and components and distribution of new parts; Repair Engineering, primarily consisting of our maintenance, repair, and overhaul services across airframes and components, including landing gear; Integrated Solutions, primarily consisting of our fleet management and operations of customer-owned aircraft, customized performance-based supply chain logistics programs in support of the U.S. Department of Defense DoD and foreign governments, flight hour component inventory and repair programs for commercial airlines, and integrated software solutions including Trax; and Expeditionary Services, primarily consisting of products and services supporting the movement of equipment and personnel by the U.S. and foreign governments and non-governmental organizations. 
 In conjunction with the re-alignment, our CODM will evaluate each segment s performance based on operating income instead of gross profit as the CODM believes operating income is a more comprehensive profitability measure for each operating segment. These changes will be initially reflected in our condensed consolidated financial statements for the quarterly period ended August 31, 2023 and are not reflected herein. Business Trends and Outlook In fiscal 2023, we established new partnerships, expanded our service offerings, and enhanced our approach to safety to best serve our customers across the world. The global recovery in air travel drove an increased demand for our services, enabling us to achieve strong results across our portfolio, particularly in used serviceable material and new parts distribution. Our actions to reduce costs and improve operating efficiency were reflected in our improved profitability during fiscal 2023. Our sales to commercial customers in fiscal 2023 increased by 245.0 million, or 22.6 , over the prior year reflecting the recovery in commercial air travel following the height of the impact of COVID-19 as well as growth from recently awarded new parts distribution contracts. Our sales to government customers in fiscal 2023 decreased by 74.5 million, or 10.1 , from the prior year as we completed certain government programs, including our Afghanistan contracts. We were also successful in winning new long-term agreements in both our commercial and government markets. We were awarded a significant expansion of our exclusive agreement with Unison Industries which broadens our distribution of select Unison ignitor plugs, ignition leads, harnesses, and related spare parts. We also extended our distribution relationship with Leach International Corp to supply electromechanical and solid-state switch gears to the electronics end-market. In our commercial programs activities, we were awarded a multi-year, flight-hour component support contract with flydubai for their growing Boeing 737 MAX fleet. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 In our government market, we were awarded a firm-fixed price contract from the U.S. Air Force to produce Next Generation All Aluminum Cargo Pallets with a total contract value, including option periods, of 173.5 million. We were also awarded a contract from the Norwegian Defence Logistics Organisation to provide commercial common parts for the Royal Norwegian Air Force P-8A fleet. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, we acquired Trax USA Corp. Trax ), a leading independent provider of aircraft MRO and fleet management software which was founded in 1999. The acquisition price was 120 million in cash, plus up to a 20 million earn-out payment based on adjusted revenue in calendar year 2023 and 2024. Trax offers critical software applications to a diverse global customer base of airlines and MROs supporting approximately 5,000 aircraft. Trax s comprehensive solutions support the entire spectrum of maintenance activities and create the system of record required by airlines and MROs. The Trax acquisition adds established, higher-margin aviation aftermarket software offerings with recurring revenue to our portfolio and provides opportunities to cross-sell products and services. During fiscal 2023, we continued our strong focus on working capital management with cash flows from operating activities from continuing operations of 23.8 million which included significant investments in inventory, rotable assets, and licensing arrangements to support further growth. Borrowings outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility were 272.0 million at May 31, 2023 with an availability on the facility of 336.9 million. Over the long-term, we expect to see strength in our aviation products and services given our offerings of value-added solutions to both commercial and government and defense customers. We believe long-term commercial aftermarket growth trends are favorable. As we continue to invest in the pipeline of opportunities in the government market, our long-term strategy continues to emphasize investing in the business and capitalizing on opportunities in both the commercial and government markets. Results of Operations Fiscal 2023 Compared with Fiscal 2022 Sales and gross profit for our two operating segments for the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022 were as follows: 

For the Year Ended May 31, 2023 2022 Change Sales: Aviation Services Commercial 1,320.5 1,081.6 22.1 Government and defense 578.2 664.2 (12.9) 1,898.7 1,745.8 8.8 Expeditionary Services Commercial 8.3 2.2 277.3 Government and defense 83.5 72.0 16.0 91.8 74.2 23.7 

For the Year Ended May 31, 2023 2022 Change Gross Profit: Aviation Services Commercial 248.2 180.3 37.7 Government and defense 106.9 117.2 (8.8) 355.1 297.5 19.4 Expeditionary Services Commercial 0.9 n/a Government and defense 14.1 15.7 (10.2) 15.0 15.7 (4.5) 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 Aviation Services Segment Sales in the Aviation Services segment increased 152.9 million, or 8.8 , over the prior year due to a 238.9 million, or 22.1 , increase in sales to commercial customers. The increase in sales to commercial customers was primarily attributable to increased sales of 91.1 million related to new parts distribution activities and 71.4 million in our MRO activities as commercial passenger air traffic continues to recover from the impact of COVID-19. In addition, sales increased 43.2 million in our aftermarket trading activities which included whole asset sales of 74.0 million in fiscal 2023 compared to 66.6 million in the prior year. During fiscal 2023, sales in this segment to government and defense customers decreased 86.0 million, or 12.9 , from the prior year. The decrease in sales to government and defense customers was primarily attributable to the completion of certain government programs, including Afghanistan contracts. Changes in estimates and assumptions related to our programs accounted for using the cost-to-cost method are recorded using the cumulative catch-up method of accounting. In fiscal 2023, we recognized net favorable cumulative catch-up adjustments of 8.3 million compared to net favorable cumulative catch-up adjustments of 10.0 million in fiscal 2022. These adjustments primarily relate to our long-term, power-by-the-hour programs where we provide component inventory management and repair services to commercial customers as well as certain long-term government programs. Cost of sales in Aviation Services increased 95.3 million, or 6.6 , over the prior year which was largely in line with the sales increase of 8.8 discussed above. Gross profit in the Aviation Services segment increased 57.6 million, or 19.4 , over the prior year. Gross profit in this segment on sales to commercial customers increased 67.9 million, or 37.7 , over the prior year primarily due to the COVID-19 recovery discussed above. Gross profit margin on sales to commercial customers increased to 18.8 from 16.7 in the prior year period primarily from our actions to reduce both our fixed and variable cost structure. Gross profit on sales to government and defense customers decreased 10.3 million, or 8.8 , from the prior year with the gross profit margin increasing to 18.5 from 17.6 . This increased gross profit margin is primarily due to higher recoveries on indirect costs and improved profitability on short-term contracts where revenue is recognized over time as the work progresses with our customer. Expeditionary Services Segment Sales in the Expeditionary Services segment increased 17.6 million, or 23.7 , over the prior year primarily due to higher volumes for our mobility products. Gross profit in the Expeditionary Services segment decreased 0.7 million, or 4.5 , from the prior year primarily due to changes in the mix of products sold. Gross profit margin decreased to 16.3 from 21.2 in the prior year primarily as a result of changes in the mix of products sold. Selling, General and Administrative Expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 28.2 million, or 13.9 , over the prior year primarily due to investments to support the sales growth as our commercial activities continue the recovery from the impact of COVID-19. These investments include 7.0 million of acquisition and amortization expenses for Trax which was acquired in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023. As a percent of sales, selling, general and administrative expenses increased to 11.6 from 11.1 in the prior year largely due to our investments to support sales growth. Interest Expense Interest expense increased 9.8 million in fiscal 2023 reflecting the impact of both higher interest rates and higher average borrowings to fund investments in the business, including our acquisition of Trax in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023. Our average borrowing rate was 5.11 in fiscal 2023 compared to 1.09 in the prior year. Income Taxes Our fiscal 2023 effective income tax rate for continuing operations was 25.9 compared to 25.3 in the prior year. The increase in our effective tax rate is primarily due to higher non-deductible expenses in fiscal 2023 compared to the prior year. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 Liquidity, Capital Resources and Financial Position Our operating activities are funded and commitments met through the generation of cash from operations. Our ability to generate cash from operations is influenced primarily by our operating performance and changes in working capital. In addition to operations, our current capital resources include an unsecured revolving credit facility under the Credit Agreement referred to below and an accounts receivable financing program. Periodically, we may also raise capital through common stock and debt financings in the public or private markets. We continually evaluate various financing arrangements, including the issuance of common stock or debt, which would allow us to improve our liquidity position and finance future growth on commercially reasonable terms. Our continuing ability to borrow from our lenders and issue debt and equity securities to the public and private markets in the future may be negatively affected by a number of factors, including the overall health of the credit markets, general economic conditions, airline industry conditions, geo-political events, and our operating performance. At May 31, 2023, our liquidity and capital resources included working capital of 746.4 million inclusive of cash of 68.4 million. On December 14, 2022, we entered into a new credit agreement with various financial institutions as lenders and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. as administrative agent for the lenders (the Credit Agreement ). The Credit Agreement provides for a 620 million unsecured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility that we can draw upon for working capital and general corporate purposes. Under certain circumstances, we may request an increase to the lending commitments under the Credit Agreement by an aggregate amount of up to 300 million, not to exceed 920 million in total. The Credit Agreement expires on December 14, 2027. On December 14, 2022, and in connection with our entry into the Credit Agreement, we terminated our revolving credit facility under the credit agreement dated April 12, 2011, as amended, (the 2011 Credit Agreement with the outstanding borrowings under the 2011 Credit Agreement at the date of its termination rolled over to the Credit Agreement. Borrowings outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility under the Credit Agreement at May 31, 2023 were 272.0 million and there were approximately 11.1 million of outstanding letters of credit, which reduced the availability under this facility to 336.9 million as of May 31, 2023. There are no other terms or covenants limiting the availability of the Revolving Credit Facility. In the first quarter of fiscal 2021, we received 57.2 million from the U.S. Treasury Department through the Payroll Support Program under the CARES Act. This funding included a 48.5 million cash grant, which was to be used exclusively for the continuation of payment of employee wages, salaries and benefits for employees of certain MRO facilities, and a low interest 10-year senior unsecured promissory note of 8.7 million. In fiscal 2021, we recognized the full amount of the grant as contra-expense within Cost of sales and Selling, general and administrative expenses. The Promissory Note was re-paid in full during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021. As of May 31, 2023, we also had other financing arrangements that did not limit availability on our Revolving Credit Facility including outstanding letters of credit of 11.6 million and foreign lines of credit of 9.2 million. We maintain a Purchase Agreement with Citibank N.A. Purchaser for the sale, from time to time, of certain accounts receivable due from certain customers (the Purchase Agreement ). Under the Purchase Agreement, the maximum amount of receivables sold is limited to 150 million and Purchaser may, but is not required to, purchase the eligible receivables we offer to sell. The term of the Purchase Agreement runs through February 22, 2024, but, the Purchase Agreement may be terminated earlier under certain circumstances. The term of the Purchase Agreement is automatically extended for annual terms unless either party provides advance notice that they do not intend to extend the term. We have no retained interests in the sold receivables, other than limited recourse obligations in certain circumstances, and only perform collection and administrative functions for the Purchaser. We account for these receivable transfers as sales under ASC 860, Transfers and Servicing , and de-recognize the sold receivables from our Consolidated Balance Sheet. Receivables sold under the Purchase Agreement during fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021 were 171.6 million, 283.3 million, and 440.6 million, respectively. Amounts remitted to the Purchaser on its behalf during fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021 were 173.8 million, 306.9 million, and 476.3 million, respectively. As of May 31, 2023 and May 31, 2022, we had collected cash of 1.3 million and 5.4 million, respectively, which was not yet remitted to the Purchaser as of those dates and was classified as Restricted cash on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 At May 31, 2023, we were in compliance with all financial and other covenants under each of our financing arrangements. On December 16, 2021, our Board of Directors authorized a renewal of our stock repurchase program, under which we may repurchase up to 150 million of our common stock with no expiration date. During fiscal 2023, we repurchased 1.2 million shares for an aggregate purchase price of 50.1 million. No repurchases were made during the three-month period ended May 31, 2023. Since inception of the renewal authorization, we have repurchased 2.2 million shares for an aggregate purchase price of 92.4 million. The timing and amount of repurchases are subject to prevailing market conditions and other considerations, including our liquidity and acquisition and other investment opportunities. Cash Flows Fiscal 2023 Compared with Fiscal 2022 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net cash provided by operating activities continuing operations was 23.8 million in fiscal 2023 compared to 89.8 million in fiscal 2022. The decrease from the prior period of 66.0 million was primarily attributable to an 18 million license fee payment to Unison Industries for an amendment of our distribution agreement and increased investments in inventory and rotable assets to support future growth. Net cash used in operating activities discontinued operations was 0.5 million in fiscal 2023 compared to 14.6 million in fiscal 2022. The decrease from the prior year of 14.1 million was primarily attributable to the payments related to our settlement of the U.S. Department of Justice s False Claims Act investigation. Cash Flows from Investing Activities Net cash used in investing activities was 138.0 million in fiscal 2023 compared to 16.5 million in fiscal 2022. The increase in cash used from the prior period was primarily related to our acquisition of Trax in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023. Cash Flows from Financing Activities Net cash provided by financing activities was 137.7 million in fiscal 2023 compared to a use of cash of 59.8 million in fiscal 2022. The increase in cash provided was primarily related to additional borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility in the current year period to fund the Trax acquisition and investments in inventory and rotable assets to support sales growth. Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements A summary of contractual cash obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements as of May 31, 2023 is as follows: 

Payments Due by Period Due in Due in Due in Due in Due in After Fiscal Fiscal Fiscal Fiscal Fiscal Fiscal Total 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2028 On Balance Sheet: Credit Agreement borrowings 272.0 272.0 Facilities and equipment operating leases 69.7 14.5 12.3 9.1 8.4 7.8 17.6 Credit Agreement interest 1 80.5 17.7 17.7 17.7 17.7 9.7 Off Balance Sheet: Purchase obligations 2 540.9 406.1 93.4 34.6 4.8 2.0 Pension contributions 3 0.4 0.4 

 Notes: 1 Interest was determined using the interest rate in effect on May 31, 2023. 2 Purchase obligations arise in the ordinary course of business and represent a binding commitment to acquire inventory, including raw materials, parts, and components, as well as equipment to support the operations of our business. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 3 Our contribution policy for the domestic plans is to contribute annually, at a minimum, an amount which is deductible for federal income tax purposes and that is sufficient to meet actuarially computed pension benefits. For our Netherlands pension plan, our policy is to fund at least the minimum amount required by the local laws and regulations. 
 We routinely issue letters of credit and performance bonds in the ordinary course of business. These instruments are typically issued in conjunction with insurance contracts or other business requirements. The total of these instruments outstanding at May 31, 2023 was 22.7 million. Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates Our Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Management has made estimates and assumptions relating to the reporting of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent liabilities to prepare the Consolidated Financial Statements. The most significant estimates made by management include those related to assumptions used in accounting for business combinations, assessing goodwill impairment, adjustments to reduce the value of inventories and certain rotable assets, revenue recognition, allowance for credit losses, and assumptions used in determining pension plan obligations. Accordingly, actual results could differ materially from those estimates. The following is a summary of the accounting policies considered critical by management. Business Combinations When we acquire a business, we allocate the purchase price by recognizing assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values at acquisition date with any excess of the purchase consideration when compared to the fair value of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired recognized as goodwill. A preliminary fair value is determined once a business is acquired, with the final determination of fair value completed no later than one year from the date of acquisition. The determination of the estimated fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires significant judgment and estimates, including the selection of valuation methodologies, estimates of future revenues, costs and cash flows, discount rates, and selection of comparable companies. We engage the assistance of valuation specialists in concluding on fair value measurements in determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations. The fair value of the intangible assets is estimated using several valuation methodologies, including the income-based or market-based approaches, which represent Level 3 fair value measurements. The value for customer relationships is typically estimated based on a multi-period excess earnings approach. The more significant inputs used in the customer relationships intangible asset valuation include (i) future revenue growth rates, (ii) projected gross margins, (iii) the customer attrition rate, and (iv) the discount rate. The value for developed technology is estimated based on a relief from royalty approach. The more significant inputs used in the developed technology intangible asset valuation include (i) future revenue growth rates, (ii) profitability, (iii) technology obsolescence, (iv) market royalty rates, and (v) the discount rate. The useful lives are estimated based on the future economic benefit expected to be received from the assets. Transaction costs are not included as components of consideration transferred but instead, expensed as incurred. Goodwill Under accounting standards for goodwill and other intangible assets, goodwill and other intangible assets deemed to have indefinite lives are not amortized, but are subject to annual impairment tests. We review and evaluate our goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets for potential impairment at a minimum annually, on May 31, or more frequently if circumstances indicate that impairment is possible. The accounting standards for goodwill allow for either a qualitative or quantitative approach for the annual impairment test. Under the qualitative approach, factors such as macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions and company-specific events or circumstances are assessed to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. When the quantitative approach is utilized, we compare the fair value of each reporting unit with the carrying value of the reporting unit, including goodwill. If the estimated fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying value of the reporting unit, we would be required to recognize an impairment loss for the excess carrying value of the reporting unit s assets. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 As of May 31, 2023, we had three reporting units, which included two in our Aviation Services segment (Aviation Supply Chain and MRO) and one comprised of our Expeditionary Services segment. In fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, we utilized the qualitative assessment approach for all reporting units. Under this approach, we considered the overall industry and market conditions related to the aerospace and government/defense markets as well as conditions in the global capital markets. We also considered the long-term forecasts for each reporting unit, which incorporated specific opportunities and risks, working capital requirements, and capital expenditure needs. The fair value of our reporting units is also impacted by our overall market capitalization and may be impacted by volatility in our stock price and assumed control premium, among other items. We concluded it was more likely than not that the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying value at the respective measurement dates, and thus no impairment charges were recorded in those fiscal years. Inventories Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is determined by the specific identification, average cost or first-in, first-out methods. Write-downs are made for excess and obsolete inventories and inventories that have been impaired as a result of industry conditions. We have utilized certain assumptions when determining the market value of inventories, such as inventory quantities and aging, historical sales of inventory, current and expected future aviation usage trends, replacement values, expected future demand, and historical scrap recovery rates. Reductions in demand for certain of our inventories or declining market values, as well as differences between actual results and the assumptions utilized by us when determining the market value of our inventories, could result in the recognition of impairment charges in future periods. In conjunction with reclassifying rotable assets as inventory held for sale, we recognized rotable asset impairment charges of 1.0 million and 1.4 million in fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively. Revenue Recognition Revenue is measured based on consideration specified in a contract with a customer, and excludes any sales incentives and amounts collected on behalf of third parties. We recognize revenue when we satisfy a performance obligation by transferring control over a product or service to a customer. Our unit of accounting for revenue recognition is a performance obligation included in our customer contracts. A performance obligation reflects the distinct good or service that we must transfer to a customer. At contract inception, we evaluate if the contract should be accounted for as a single performance obligation or if the contract contains multiple performance obligations. In some cases, our contract with the customer is considered one performance obligation as it includes factors such as whether the good or service being provided is significantly integrated with other promises in the contract, whether the service provided significantly modifies or customizes another good or service or whether the good or service is highly interdependent or interrelated. If the contract has more than one performance obligation, we determine the standalone price of each distinct good or service underlying each performance obligation and allocate the transaction price based on their relative standalone selling prices. The transaction price of a contract, which can include both fixed and variable amounts, is allocated to each performance obligation identified. Some contracts contain variable consideration, which could include incremental fees or penalty provisions related to performance. Variable consideration that can be reasonably estimated based on current assumptions and historical information is included in the transaction price at the inception of the contract but limited to the amount that is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur. Variable consideration that cannot be reasonably estimated is recorded when known. Our performance obligations are satisfied over time as work progresses or at a point in time based on transfer of control of products and services to our customers. The majority of our sales from products are recognized at a point in time upon transfer of control to the customer, which generally occurs upon shipment. In connection with certain sales of products, we also provide logistics services, which include inventory management, replenishment, and other related services. The price of such services is generally included in the price of the products delivered to the customer, and revenues are recognized upon delivery of the product, at which point the customer has obtained control of the product. We do not account for these services separate from the related product sales as the services are inputs required to fulfill part orders received from customers. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 For our performance obligations that are satisfied over time, we measure progress in a manner that depicts the performance of transferring control to the customer. As such, we utilize the input method of cost-to-cost to recognize revenue over time as this depicts when control of the promised goods or services are transferred to the customer. Revenue is recognized based on the relationship of actual costs incurred to date to the estimated total cost at completion of the performance obligation. We are required to make certain judgments and estimates, including estimated revenues and costs, as well as inflation and the overall profitability of the arrangement. Key assumptions involved include future labor costs and efficiencies, overhead costs, and ultimate timing of product delivery. Differences may occur between the judgments and estimates made by management and actual program results. Changes in estimates and assumptions related to our arrangements accounted for using the cost-to-cost method are recorded using the cumulative catch-up method of accounting. These changes are primarily adjustments to the estimated profitability for our long-term programs where we provide component inventory management and/or repair services. When contracts are modified, we consider whether the modification either creates new or changes the existing enforceable rights and obligations. Contract modifications that are for goods or services that are not distinct from the existing contract, due to the significant integration with the original goods or services provided, are accounted for as if they were part of that existing contract with the effect of the contract modification recognized as an adjustment to revenue on a cumulative catch-up basis. When the modifications include additional performance obligations that are distinct, they are accounted for as a new contract and performance obligation, which are recognized prospectively. Under most of our U.S. government contracts, if the contract is terminated for convenience, we are entitled to payment for items delivered and fair compensation for work performed, the costs of settling and paying other claims, and a reasonable profit on the costs incurred or committed. Shipping and handling fees and costs incurred associated with outbound freight after control over a product has transferred to a customer are accounted for as a fulfillment cost and are included in Cost of sales on our Consolidated Statements of Income, and are not considered a performance obligation to our customers. Our reported sales on our Consolidated Statements of Income include sales and related non-income taxes. We also utilize the as invoiced practical expedient in certain cases where performance obligations are satisfied over time and the invoiced amount corresponds directly with the value we are providing to the customer. The timing of revenue recognition, customer billings, and cash collections results in a contract asset or contract liability at the end of each reporting period. Contract assets consist of unbilled receivables or costs incurred where revenue recognized over time using the cost-to-cost model exceeds the amounts billed to customers. Contract liabilities include advance payments and billings in excess of revenue recognized. Certain customers make advance payments prior to the satisfaction of our performance obligations on the contract. These amounts are recorded as contract liabilities until such performance obligations are satisfied, either over time as costs are incurred or at a point in time when deliveries are made. Contract assets and contract liabilities are determined on a contract-by-contract basis. Allowance for Credit Losses We maintain an allowance for credit losses to reflect the expected uncollectibility of accounts receivable based on past collection history and specific risks identified among uncollected accounts. In determining the required allowance, we consider factors such as general and industry-specific economic conditions, customer credit history, and our customers current and expected future financial performance. The majority of our customers are recurring customers with an established payment history. Certain customers are required to undergo an extensive credit check prior to delivery of products or services. We perform regular evaluations of customer payment experience, current financial condition, and risk analysis. We may require collateral in the form of security interests in assets, letters of credit, and/or obligation guarantees from financial institutions for transactions executed on other than normal trade terms. We also maintain trade credit insurance for certain customers to provide coverage, up to a certain limit, in the event of insolvency of some customers. Impairment of Long-Lived Assets We are required to test for impairment of long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable from its undiscounted cash flows. When applying accounting standards addressing impairment of long-lived assets, we have utilized certain assumptions to estimate future undiscounted cash flows, including current and future sales volumes or lease rates, expected changes to cost structures, lease terms, residual values, market conditions, and trends impacting future demand. Differences between actual results and the assumptions utilized by us when determining undiscounted cash flows could result 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 in future impairments of long-lived assets. In our Expeditionary Services segment, we consolidated manufacturing facilities and recognized impairment and related charges of 2.6 million during fiscal 2021. We maintain a significant inventory of rotable parts and equipment to service customer aircraft and components. Portions of that inventory are used parts that are often exchanged with parts removed from aircraft or components, and are reworked to a useable condition. We may have to recognize an impairment of our rotable parts and equipment if we discontinue using or servicing certain aircraft models or if an older aircraft model is phased-out in the industry. In light of declines in commercial airline volumes and commercial program contract terminations driven by the impact of COVID, we evaluated future cash flows related to certain rotable assets supporting long-term programs and recognized asset impairment charges of 2.3 million and 5.8 million in fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively. Pension Plans Effective May 31, 2022, our Union and U.S. Retirement Plans were merged (collectively, the Merged U.S. Plan ). We are planning to terminate the Merged U.S. Plan in the first half of fiscal 2024 upon the anticipated transfer of the Merged U.S. Plan s obligations to a third-party. The Merged U.S. Plan is in an overfunded position of 8.7 million and we do not anticipate making any contributions to the Merged U.S. Plan in conjunction with the termination. We expect to recognize a non-cash pension settlement charge related to the actuarial losses in Accumulated other comprehensive loss, upon settlement of the obligations of the Merged U.S. Plan. This charge is expected to occur in fiscal 2024, with the specific timing and final amounts dependent upon several factors. Our total pension plan assets exceed our total projected benefit obligation by 4.6 million as of May 31, 2023 with the overfunded position primarily attributable to the Merged U.S. Plan. The liabilities and net periodic cost of our pension plans are determined utilizing several actuarial assumptions, the most significant of which are the discount rate and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. We use discount rates to measure our benefit obligation and net periodic benefit cost for our pension plans. We used a broad population of Aa-rated corporate bonds as of May 31, 2023 to determine the discount rate assumption. All bonds were denominated in U.S. Dollars, with a minimum outstanding of 50.0 million. This population of bonds was narrowed from a broader universe of over 500 Moody s Aa-rated, non-callable (or callable with make-whole provisions) bonds by eliminating the top 10 th percentile and the bottom 40 th percentile to adjust for any pricing anomalies and to represent the bonds we would most likely select if we were to actually annuitize our pension plan liabilities. This portfolio of bonds was used to generate a yield curve and associated spot rate curve to discount the projected benefit payments and settlements for the Merged U.S. Plan. The discount rate is the single level rate that produces the same result as the spot rate curve. We establish the long-term asset return assumption based on a review of historical compound average asset returns, both company-specific and relating to the broad market, as well as analysis of current market and economic information and future expectations. For our Merged U.S. Plan, we have invested the majority of the plan assets in fixed income investments in anticipation of the upcoming termination of the Merged U.S. Plan. The asset return is expected to correspond to the changes in the discount rate and the valuation of the pension obligation to mitigate the risk of a significant reduction in the current overfunded position. In calculating the net pension cost, the expected return on assets is applied to a calculated value on plan assets, which recognizes changes in the fair value of plan assets in a systematic manner over five years. The difference between this expected return and the actual return on plan assets is a component of the total net unrecognized gain or loss and is subject to amortization in the future. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Our exposure to market risk includes fluctuating interest rates under our credit agreements, changes in foreign exchange rates, and credit losses on accounts receivable. See Note 1 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion on accounts receivable exposure. We are exposed to the risk that our earnings and cash flows could be adversely impacted by fluctuations in interest rates. A 10 percent increase in the average interest rate affecting our financial instruments, including the average outstanding balance of our debt obligations would not have had a significant impact on our pre-tax income during fiscal 2023. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 Revenues and expenses of our foreign operations are translated at average exchange rates during the year, and balance sheet accounts are translated at year-end exchange rates. Balance sheet translation adjustments are excluded from the results of operations and are recorded in stockholders equity as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss. A hypothetical 10 percent devaluation of the U.S. dollar against foreign currencies would not have had a material impact on our financial position or continuing operations during fiscal 2023. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (KPMG LLP, Chicago, IL, Auditor Firm ID: 32 Consolidated Statements of Income 34 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 35 Consolidated Balance Sheets 36 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 38 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 39 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Stockholders and Board of Directors AAR CORP.: Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of AAR CORP. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended May 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended May 31, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of May 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated July 18, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. Assessment of the write-down of inventories As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the inventory balance as of May 31, 2023 was 574.1 million. The Company records inventory within the Aviation Services segment at the lower of cost or net realizable value. The write-down of slow moving inventory is recorded for excess or obsolete inventory based on certain inputs and assumptions used to determine the net realizable value. These assumptions include the number of days transpiring from the date the inventory was originally received and the historical sales of inventory to determine recovery rates. Other inputs include current and expected future aviation usage trends, replacement values, expected future demand, and historical scrap recovery rates. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 We identified the assessment of the write-down of inventories for a portion of the inventory within the Aviation Services segment as a critical audit matter. The primary inputs and assumptions used in determining the write-down of slow moving inventory include the historical recovery rates, which are based on the number of days transpiring from the date the inventory was originally received, the historical sales of inventory, and the identification of specific inventories associated with aircraft with declining usage trends. The assessment of these inputs required a higher degree of subjective auditor judgment in evaluating the future customer demand for slow moving inventory. The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the Company s inventory process, including controls over the Company s evaluation of the impact on the estimate of net realizable value based on 1) the number of days transpiring from the date the inventory was originally received, 2) historical sales of inventory, and 3) specific inventories associated with aircraft with declining usage trends. We also tested relevant information technology application controls over the determination of the number of days transpiring from the date the inventory was originally received. We evaluated the write-down to determine that it was recorded using the Company s policy based on the number of days transpiring from the date the inventory was originally received and the recovery rates of existing inventory based on historical sales. We also assessed that the recovery rates applied to slow moving inventory were consistent with historical sales of these inventory items. We assessed the identification of specific inventory with declining usage trends by evaluating external industry information. Evaluation of the estimate of costs at completion of certain performance obligations As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, for revenue with performance obligations that are satisfied over time, the Company recognizes revenue using the cost-to-cost input method, which depicts when control of the promised goods or services are transferred to the customer. Revenue is recognized based on the relationship of costs incurred to date to the estimated total costs at completion of the performance obligation. The net favorable cumulative catch-up adjustments recognized during fiscal year 2023 associated with revenue recognized over time totaled 8.3 million, which resulted from changes in the estimated billings and costs at completion of the performance obligations. We identified the evaluation of the estimate of total costs at completion of the performance obligations for certain contracts within the Aviation Services segment as a critical audit matter. The key inputs and assumptions used in determining the revenue to be recognized include current and future costs to support the program, and future labor costs. The testing of the key inputs and assumptions required the application of subjective auditor judgment because of the estimation uncertainty associated with the inputs and assumptions. The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the Company s revenue process, including controls over 1) the assessment of the estimated future costs, 2) actual costs incurred for each performance obligation that are used by the Company in their assessment of the measure of progress, and 3) the approval of costs recorded for each performance obligation to assess the allowability per the contract. We obtained the Company s forecast for the cost of a selection of Aviation Services revenue contracts and assessed that the measure of progress was determined using actual costs to date plus the estimated future costs to support the satisfaction of performance obligations. We selected a sample of contract costs where revenue is recognized over time to test actual fiscal year 2023 program costs by comparing them to underlying documentation. We evaluated the Company s historical estimates to assess their consistency with the Company s historical actual costs. 

/s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 1985. July 18, 2023 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 AAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

For the Year Ended May 31, 2023 2022 2021 (In millions, except per share data) Sales: Sales from products Sales from services Costs and operating expenses: Cost of products Cost of services Provision for credit losses Selling, general and administrative Earnings (Loss) from joint ventures ) ) Operating income Losses related to sale and exit of business ) ) ) Other income (expense), net ) Interest expense ) ) ) Interest income Income from continuing operations before provision for income taxes Provision for income taxes Income from continuing operations Income (Loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax ) Net income Earnings per share basic: Earnings from continuing operations Income (Loss) from discontinued operations ) Earnings per share basic Earnings per share diluted: Earnings from continuing operations Income (Loss) from discontinued operations ) Earnings per share diluted The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 AAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

For the Year Ended May 31, 2023 2022 2021 (In millions) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Currency translation adjustments ) ) Unrecognized pension and post retirement costs, net of tax benefit (expense) of ) in 2023, in 2022, and in 2021 ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Comprehensive income The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 AAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS ASSETS 

May 31, 2023 2022 (In millions, except share data) Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable, net Contract assets Inventories Rotable assets and equipment on or available for short-term lease Assets of discontinued operations Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, at cost: Land Buildings and improvements Equipment and furniture and fixtures Accumulated depreciation ) ) Other assets: Goodwill Intangible assets, net Operating lease right-of-use assets, net Rotable assets supporting long-term programs Other non-current assets The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 AAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

May 31, 2023 2022 (In millions, except share data) Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Liabilities of discontinued operations Total current liabilities Long-term debt Operating lease liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Other liabilities Equity: Preferred stock, par value, authorized shares; issued Common stock, par value, authorized shares; issued shares at cost Capital surplus Retained earnings Treasury stock, and shares at cost, respectively ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total equity The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 AAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY FOR THE THREE YEARS ENDED MAY 31, 2023 (In millions) 

Accumulated Other Common Capital Retained Treasury Comprehensive Total Stock Surplus Earnings Stock Income (Loss) Equity Balance, May 31, 2020 ) ) Net income Cash dividends ) ) Stock option activity Restricted stock activity ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax Balance, May 31, 2021 ) ) Net income Stock option activity Restricted stock activity ) Repurchase of shares ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Balance, May 31, 2022 ) ) Net income Stock option activity Restricted stock activity Repurchase of shares ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Balance, May 31, 2023 ) ) The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 AAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(In millions) For the Year Ended May 31, 2023 2022 2021 Cash flows provided by operating activities: Net income Less: Loss (Income) from discontinued operations ) ) Income from continuing operations Adjustments to reconcile income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation expense Provision for credit losses Pension settlement charges Deferred tax provision (benefit) ) Loss (Earnings) from joint ventures ) Customer contract termination and restructuring costs Impairment charges Losses on sale and exit of business Changes in certain assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: Accounts receivable ) ) ) Contract assets ) ) ) Inventories ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Rotable assets supporting long-term programs ) Accounts payable ) Accrued and other liabilities ) ) Deferred revenue on long-term programs ) ) Other ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities continuing operations Net cash used in operating activities discontinued operations ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows used in investing activities: Property, plant and equipment expenditures ) ) ) Payment for acquisition of Trax, net of cash acquired ) Proceeds from asset sales Proceeds from termination of life insurance policies Joint venture and other investment activity ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities: Short-term borrowings (repayments), net ) ) Repayments on long-term borrowings ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Stock compensation activity Other ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) ) Increase (Decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of year The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 39 

Table of Contents AAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 
 
 40 

Table of Contents AAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 
 
 41 

Table of Contents AAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 
 Unfavorable cumulative catch-up adjustments ) ) ) Net cumulative catch-up adjustments Contract Assets and Liabilities The timing of revenue recognition, customer billings, and cash collections results in a contract asset or contract liability at the end of each reporting period. For instances where we recognize revenue prior to having an unconditional right to payment, we record a contract asset or liability. When an unconditional right to consideration exists, we reduce our contract asset or liability and recognize an unbilled or trade receivable. When amounts are dependent on factors other than the passage of time in order for payment from a customer to be due, we record a contract asset which consists of costs incurred where revenue recognized over time using the cost-to-cost model exceeds the amounts billed to customers. Contract liabilities include advance payments and billings in excess of revenue recognized. Certain customers make advance payments prior to the satisfaction of our performance obligations on the contract. These amounts are recorded as contract liabilities until such performance obligations are satisfied, either over time as costs are incurred or at a point in time when deliveries are made. Contract assets and contract liabilities are determined on a contract-by-contract basis. 
 42 

Table of Contents AAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 
 Contract assets non-current Contract liabilities: Deferred revenue current ) ) Deferred revenue on long-term contracts ) ) ) Net contract assets Contract assets non-current is reported within Other non-current assets, deferred revenue current is reported within Accrued Liabilities, and deferred revenue on long-term contracts is reported within Other liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Changes in contract assets and contract liabilities primarily result from the timing difference between our performance of services and payments from customers. During fiscal 2022 and 2021, certain commercial power-by-the-hour PBH customer contracts were terminated or restructured resulting in charges of million and million, respectively. To support our PBH customer contracts, we previously entered into an agreement with a component repair facility to outsource a portion of the component repair and overhaul services. The agreement included certain minimum repair volume guarantees, which we have not met. During fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, we recognized charges of million, million and million, respectively, to reflect our estimated obligation over the remainder of the agreement for not achieving the minimum volume guarantees. As of May 31, 2023, our Consolidated Balance Sheet included remaining loss reserves of million with million classified as current in Accrued liabilities and million classified as long-term in Other liabilities. Changes in our deferred revenue were as follows: ) Revenue deferred ) ) Revenue recognized Other (1) Deferred revenue at end of period ) ) 

 (1) Other includes cumulative catch-up adjustments, foreign currency translation, acquisitions, and other adjustments. Remaining Performance Obligations As of May 31, 2023, we had approximately million of remaining performance obligations, also referred to as firm backlog, which excludes unexercised contract options and potential orders under our indefinite-delivery, indefinite-quantity contracts. We expect that approximately of this backlog will be recognized as revenue over the next and approximately will be recognized over the next . The amount of remaining performance obligations that are expected to be recognized as revenue beyond 12 months, primarily relates to our long-term programs where we provide component inventory management, supply chain logistics programs, and/or repair services. 
 43 

Table of Contents AAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 
 Unbilled receivables All other customers: Trade receivables Unbilled receivables The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, and accounts payable approximate fair value because of the short-term maturity of these instruments. The carrying value of long-term debt approximates fair value because of it bearing a variable interest rate. Fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time based on relevant market information about the financial instrument. These estimates are subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and therefore cannot be determined with precision. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect the estimates. 
 44 

Table of Contents AAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 
 Provision charged to operations, net of recoveries Deductions for accounts written off and other reclassifications ) ) Balance, end of year reporting units, which included in our Aviation Services segment (Aviation Supply Chain and MRO) and comprised of our Expeditionary Services segment. We utilized the qualitative assessment approach for all reporting units which considers general economic conditions, industry specific performance, changes in reporting unit carrying values, and assumptions used in the most recent fair value calculation. We concluded it was more likely than not that the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying value at May 31, 2023, and thus impairment charges were recorded. Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill by segment for fiscal 2023 and 2022 are as follows: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Balance as of May 31, 2022 Trax acquisition (1) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Balance as of May 31, 2023 

 (1) See Note 15 for the accounting treatment for the Trax acquisition, including the preliminary fair values allocated to goodwill and identifiable intangible assets. 
 45 

Table of Contents AAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 
 Intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. Intangible assets, other than goodwill, are comprised of the following: ) Developed technology ) ) Unamortized intangible assets: Trademarks ) 

May 31, 2022 Accumulated Gross Amortization Net Amortizable intangible assets: Customer relationships ) Unamortized intangible assets: Trademarks ) Customer relationships are being amortized over 12 - and developed technology is being amortized over . Amortization expense recorded during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 was million, million, and million, respectively. The estimated aggregate amount of amortization expense for intangible assets in each of the next five fiscal years is million per year . million on deposit with an escrow agent related to our acquisition of Trax USA Corp. Trax in March 2023 and million required to be set aside by a contractual agreement related to receivable securitization arrangements. 
 46 

Table of Contents AAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 
 Raw materials and parts Work-in-process . - years for buildings and improvements and - years for equipment, furniture and fixtures , and capitalized software . Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the estimated useful life or the term of the applicable lease. Repair and maintenance expenditures are expensed as incurred. Upon sale or disposal, cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts, and related gains and losses are included in results of operations. Rotable assets supporting long-term programs consist of rotable component parts used to support long-term supply chain programs. The assets are being depreciated on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. In accordance with ASC 360, Property, Plant and Equipment , we are required to test for impairment of long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable from its undiscounted cash flows. We utilize certain assumptions to estimate future undiscounted cash flows, including demand for our services, future market conditions and trends, business development pipeline of opportunities, current and future lease rates, lease terms, and residual values. 
 47 

Table of Contents AAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 
 million related to these rotable assets in fiscal 2021. In conjunction with the termination of a PBH contract, we evaluated future cash flows related to the rotable assets supporting that fleet type and recognized asset impairment charges of million in fiscal 2022. In conjunction with the decision to exit certain product lines, we recognized rotable asset impairment charges of million and million in fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively, in conjunction with reclassifying the rotable assets as inventory held for sale. In our Expeditionary Services segment, we consolidated manufacturing facilities and recognized impairment and related charges of million during fiscal 2021. Future rent due to us under long-term leases during each of the next five fiscal years is million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026, million in 2027, and million in 2028. million related to an observable price increase for one of our investments. We evaluate our investments for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of such investments may be impaired. If a decline in the value of an investment is determined to be other than temporary, a loss is recorded in earnings in the current period. During fiscal 2023, we recognized an impairment loss of million related to the recoverability for one of our investments over which we do not have the ability to exercise significant influence. Our investments are classified in Other non-current assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Distributions from joint ventures are classified as operating or investing activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows based upon an evaluation of the specific facts and circumstances of each distribution. million which were included as a component of Cost of sales and services and Selling, general and administrative on our Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 48 

Table of Contents AAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 
 Income taxes paid Income tax refunds During fiscal 2023, treasury stock increased million reflecting the repurchase of million common shares for million partially offset by restricted stock activity of million and the re-issuance of shares upon exercise of stock options, net of shares withheld to satisfy statutory tax obligations, of million. During fiscal 2022, treasury stock increased million reflecting the repurchase of million common shares for million partially offset by restricted stock activity of million and the re-issuance of shares upon exercise of stock options, net of shares withheld to satisfy statutory tax obligations, of million. During fiscal 2021, treasury stock decreased million reflecting restricted stock activity of million and the re-issuance of shares upon exercise of stock options, net of shares withheld to satisfy statutory tax obligations, of million. 
 49 

Table of Contents AAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 
 million and Purchaser may, but is not required to, purchase the eligible receivables we offer to sell. The term of the Purchase Agreement runs through February 22, 2024, but, the Purchase Agreement may be terminated earlier under certain circumstances. The term of the Purchase Agreement is automatically extended for annual terms unless either party provides advance notice that they do not intend to extend the term. We have retained interests in the sold receivables, other than limited recourse obligations in certain circumstances, and only perform collection and administrative functions for the Purchaser. We account for these receivable transfers as sales under ASC 860, Transfers and Servicing , and de-recognize the sold receivables from our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Receivables sold under the Purchase Agreement during fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021 were million, million, and million, respectively. Amounts remitted to the Purchaser on its behalf during fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021 were million, million, and million, respectively. As of May 31, 2023 and May 31, 2022, we had collected cash of million and million, respectively, which was not yet remitted to the Purchaser as of those dates and was classified as Restricted cash on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We recognize discounts on the sale of our receivables and other fees related to the Purchase Agreement in Other expense, net on our Consolidated Statements of Income. During fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, we incurred discounts on the sale of our receivables and other fees of million, million and million, respectively. Debt issuance costs, net ) ) Long-term debt At May 31, 2023, our variable rate debt had a fair value that approximates its carrying value and is classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. On October 18, 2017, we entered into a Credit Agreement with the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, as lender (the Credit Agreement ). The Credit Agreement provided a Canadian million term loan with the proceeds used to fund the acquisition of MRO facilities in Canada from Premier Aviation. The term loan was paid in full at the expiration of the Credit Agreement on November 1, 2021. 
 50 

Table of Contents AAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 
 million unsecured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility that we can draw upon for working capital and general corporate purposes. Under certain circumstances, we may request an increase to the lending commitments under the Credit Agreement by an aggregate amount of up to million, not to exceed million in total. The Credit Agreement expires on December 14, 2027. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement bear interest at a variable rate based on the secured overnight financing rate, or SOFR, plus to basis points based on certain financial measurements if a SOFR loan, or at the offered fluctuating Base Rate plus to basis points based on certain financial measurements if a Base Rate loan. On December 14, 2022, and in connection with our entry into the Credit Agreement, we terminated our revolving credit facility under the credit agreement dated April 12, 2011, as amended, (the 2011 Credit Agreement with the outstanding borrowings under the 2011 Credit Agreement at the date of its termination rolled over to the Credit Agreement. Borrowings outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility at May 31, 2023 were million and there were approximately million of outstanding letters of credit, which reduced the availability of this facility to million. Our financing arrangements require us to comply with leverage and interest coverage ratios and comply with certain affirmative and negative covenants, including those relating to financial reporting and notification, compliance with applicable laws, and limitations on additional liens, indebtedness, acquisitions, investments and disposition of assets. Our Credit Agreement also requires our significant domestic subsidiaries to provide a guarantee of payment under the Credit Agreement. At May 31, 2023, we were in compliance with the financial and other covenants in our financing agreements. Borrowing activity under the Credit Agreement during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: Average daily borrowings Average interest rate during the year We also have million available under foreign lines of credit as of May 31, 2023. from the date of grant and are exercisable in annual increments commencing after the date of grant. In addition to stock options, the 2013 Stock Plan also provides for the grant of time-based restricted stock awards and performance-based restricted stock awards. The 2013 Stock Plan also provides for the grant of stock appreciation units and restricted stock units; however, to date, no such awards have been granted. Restricted stock grants (whether time-based or performance-based) are designed, among other things, to align employee interests with the interests of stockholders and to encourage the recipient to build a career with us. Restricted stock typically vests over periods of one to from the date of grant. Restricted stock grants may be performance-based with vesting to generally occur over a period of . All restricted stock that has been granted and, if performance-based, earned according to performance criteria carries full dividend and voting rights, regardless of whether it has vested. 
 51 

Table of Contents AAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 
 shares and there were shares available for grant as of May 31, 2023. Stock Options During fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, we granted stock options with respect to shares, shares and shares, respectively. The weighted average fair value per share of stock options granted during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 was , and , respectively. The fair value of each stock option grant was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following weighted average assumptions: Expected volatility of common stock Dividend yield Expected option term in years The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. The expected volatility is based on historical volatility of our common stock, and the expected option term represents the period of time that the stock options granted are expected to be outstanding based on historical exercise trends. The dividend yield represents our anticipated cash dividends at the grant date over the expected option term. Granted Exercised ) ) ) Cancelled ) ) ) Outstanding at end of year Options exercisable at end of year The weighted-average remaining term (in years) for options outstanding at the end of the year was years, years, and years at May 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The weighted-average remaining term (in years) for options exercisable at the end of the year was years, years, and years at May 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The total fair value of stock options that vested during fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021 was million, million, and million, respectively. The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised during fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021 was million, million, and million, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding was million and million as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Expense recognized in Selling, general and administrative expenses for stock options during fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021 was million, million, and million, respectively. As of May 31, 2023, we had million of unrecognized compensation expense related to stock options that will be expensed over an average period of years. 
 52 

Table of Contents AAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 
 and were granted to executives and key employees during fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. performance-based restricted shares were granted in fiscal 2021. Time-based restricted shares of , , and were granted to executives and key employees during fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. We also award time-based restricted stock to our non-employee directors as part of their annual compensation. Time-based restricted shares of , , and were granted to members of the Board of Directors during fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at May 31, 2023 Expense recognized in Selling, general and administrative expenses for all restricted share programs during fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021 was million, million, and million, respectively. As of May 31, 2023 we had million of unearned compensation related to restricted shares that will be expensed over a weighted average period of years. State Foreign Deferred ) 
 53 

Table of Contents AAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 
 to our effective income tax rate is as follows: Tax expense (benefit) from stock-based compensation ) ) Non-deductible compensation State income taxes, net of federal benefit Other Effective income tax rate Income before provision for income taxes includes the following components: Foreign Our foreign earnings are comprised primarily of the results of our operations in Canada and Europe. Deferred tax assets and liabilities result primarily from the differences in the timing of the recognition of transactions for financial reporting and income tax purposes. Our deferred tax assets and liabilities consist of the following components: Employee and retirement benefits State net operating losses Other Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Intangible assets ) ) Tangible assets ) ) ROU operating lease assets ) ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) As of May 31, 2023, we have determined that the realization of our deferred tax assets is more likely than not and that a valuation allowance is not required. Our net operating losses have carry forward periods that range from to . Our history of operating earnings, our expectations for continued future earnings, the nature of certain of our deferred tax assets and the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, primarily related to depreciation, support the recoverability of the majority of the deferred tax assets. Income tax receivable was and million at May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and was included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Our federal income tax returns for fiscal years 2020 and subsequent are open for examination. Various states and foreign jurisdictions also remain open subject to their applicable statute of limitations. 
 54 

Table of Contents AAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 
 effect is given to the participating securities because they do not share in the losses of the Company. Less income attributable to participating shares ) ) ) Income from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders Income (Loss) from discontinued operations attributable to common stockholders ) Net income attributable to common stockholders for earnings per share Weighted average common shares outstanding basic Additional shares from assumed exercise of stock options Weighted average common shares outstanding diluted Earnings per share basic: Earnings from continuing operations Income (Loss) from discontinued operations ) Earnings per share - basic Earnings per share diluted: Earnings from continuing operations Income (Loss) from discontinued operations ) Earnings per share - diluted At May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 respectively, outstanding options to purchase , and shares of common stock were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share, because the exercise price of these options was greater than the average market price of the common shares for the year then ended. 
 55 

Table of Contents AAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 
 of the average 30-year treasury rate for the second month preceding the applicable quarter published by the Internal Revenue Service. The average interest crediting rate under our cash balance plan for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 was . Effective June 1, 2005, the U.S. Retirement Plan was frozen and the annual pay-based credits were discontinued. Prior to May 31, 2022, our domestic plans also include a defined benefit pension plan for certain union hourly employees in which benefits are based primarily on a fixed amount per year of service Union Plan ). The Union Plan was frozen in fiscal 2018. Effective May 31, 2022, our Union and U.S. Retirement Plans were merged (collectively, the Merged U.S. Plan ). We are planning to terminate the Merged U.S. Plan in the first half of fiscal 2024 upon the anticipated transfer of the Merged U.S. Plan s obligations to a third-party. The Merged U.S. Plan is in an overfunded position of million and we do not anticipate making any contributions to the Merged U.S. Plan in conjunction with the termination. We expect to recognize a non-cash pension settlement charge related to the actuarial losses in Accumulated other comprehensive loss, upon settlement of the obligations of the Merged U.S. Plan. This charge is expected to occur in fiscal 2024, with the specific timing and final amounts dependent upon several factors. We also have a defined benefit pension plan covering certain employees in the Netherlands Netherlands Plan ). Benefit formulas are generally based on years of service and compensation. Effective January 1, 2022, the Netherlands Plan was frozen and any benefits subsequent to that date are earned by participants in a multi-employer defined contribution plan with the premiums charged to us determined by the third-party pension fund who administers the multi-employer plan. Pension expense in fiscal 2023 and 2022 for this defined contribution plan was million and million, respectively. 
 56 

Table of Contents AAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 
 Service cost Interest cost Net actuarial gain ) ) ) ) Benefits and administrative payments ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Projected benefit obligation at end of year Change in the fair value of plan assets: Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) ) ) Employer contributions Benefits and administrative payments ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded status at end of year ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 57 

Table of Contents AAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 
 Service cost Interest cost Participant contributions Net actuarial loss ) ) ) ) Benefits and administrative payments ) ) ) ) Settlements ) ) Curtailment ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Projected benefit obligation at end of year Change in the fair value of plan assets: Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) ) ) Employer contributions Participant contributions Benefits and administrative payments, including settlements ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded status at end of year ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets consisted of the following: Accrued liabilities ) ) Other liabilities ) ) Funded status at end of year The following tables provide the projected benefit obligation, accumulated benefit obligation, and fair value of plan assets for all pension plans with a projected benefit obligation or accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets: Fair value of plan assets 
 58 

Table of Contents AAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 
 Accumulated benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets The accumulated benefit obligation for all pension plans was million and million at May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Net Periodic Benefit Cost Pension expense (benefit) charged to the Consolidated Statements of Income includes the following components: Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Recognized net actuarial loss ) 

For the Year Ended May 31, 2022 Merged Other U.S. Netherlands U.S. Plan Plans Plan Total Service cost Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Settlements Recognized net actuarial loss ) ) 

For the Year Ended May 31, 2021 Merged Other U.S. Netherlands U.S. Plan Plans Plan Total Service cost Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Settlements Recognized net actuarial loss The non-service cost components above are classified in Other income (expense), net on the Statements of Income. 
 59 

Table of Contents AAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 
 Netherlands plan A summary of the weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic pension expense is as follows: Netherlands plan Expected long-term rate on plan assets: U.S. plans Netherlands plan The discount rate was determined by discounting the expected future benefit payments and settlements for the projected benefit obligation, discounting those expected payments using a theoretical zero-coupon spot yield curve derived from a universe of high-quality bonds as of the measurement date and solving for the single equivalent discount rate that resulted in the same projected benefit obligation. Plan Assets The assets of U.S pension plans are invested in compliance with the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. Prior to the decision to terminate the Merged U.S. Plan, the investment goals were to provide a total return that, over the long term, optimizes the long-term return on plan assets at an acceptable risk, and to maintain a broad diversification across asset classes and among investment managers. The assets of the U.S. pension plans were invested primarily in equity and fixed income mutual funds, individual common stocks, and fund-of-funds hedge funds. In conjunction with the decision to terminate the Merged U.S. Plan, our investment policy was amended and the asset allocations was significantly changed and invested primarily in cash and fixed income investments to hedge changes in interest rates and maintain the positive funded status of the Merged U.S. Plan while we complete the necessary steps to terminate the Merged U.S. Plan. To develop our expected rate of return assumption on the Merged U.S. Plan, we use long-term historical return information for our targeted asset mix and current market conditions as of the measurement date. The expected return for each asset class is weighted based on the target asset allocation to develop the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption. The assets of the Netherlands Plan are primarily invested in funds-of-funds where each fund holds a portfolio of equity and fixed income mutual funds. 
 60 

Table of Contents AAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 
 Funds-of-funds Insurance annuities Cash and cash equivalents The following table sets forth by level, within the fair value hierarchy, pension plan assets at their fair value as of May 31, 2022: Level 1 (1) Level 2 (2) Level 3 (3) Total Fixed income: Government securities and corporate bond mutual funds Funds-of-funds Insurance annuities Cash and cash equivalents Other investments measured at net asset value (4) Total pension plan assets 

 (1) Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets that we have the ability to access as of the reporting date. (2) Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are directly observable for the asset or indirectly observable through corroboration with observable market data. (3) Unobservable inputs, such as internally developed pricing models or third party valuations for the asset due to little or no market activity for the asset. (4) Other investments measured at net asset value included alternative investments, such as hedge funds, which are valued using the net asset value as a practical expedient. The following table presents the reconciliation of Level 3 pension assets and other investments measured at net asset value for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022: Sales ) ) ) Return on plan assets related to assets still held at May 31, 2022 ) ) Balance as of May 31, 2022 Sales ) ) Return on plan assets related to assets still held at May 31, 2023 ) ) Balance as of May 31, 2023 Valuation Techniques Used to Determine Fair Value Cash equivalents are investments with maturities of three months or less when purchased. The fair values are based on observable market prices and categorized as Level 1. 
 61 

Table of Contents AAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 
 The estimated payments in fiscal 2024 reflect the projected timing of the planned termination of the Merged U.S. Plan and transfer of its assets and obligations to a third party. Our contribution policy for the domestic plans is to contribute annually, at a minimum, an amount which is deductible for federal income tax purposes and that is sufficient to meet actuarially computed pension benefits. For our Netherlands Plan, our policy is to fund at least the minimum amount required by the local laws and regulations. We anticipate contributing approximately million to our pension plans during fiscal 2024. U.S. Defined Contribution Plans Our U.S. defined contribution plans are intended to qualify as a 401(k) plans under the Internal Revenue Code. Employees may contribute up to of their pretax compensation, subject to applicable regulatory limits and we may make discretionary matching contributions up to of employee compensation. Our contributions vest on a pro-rata basis during the first of employment. We also maintain a non-qualified retirement plan that makes up 401(k) benefits that would otherwise be lost as a result of Internal Revenue Code limits and provides additional employer contributions for certain executives and key employees to supplement the benefits provided by the defined contribution plans. In response to the impact from COVID-19, we temporarily suspended our matching contributions to the defined contribution plans effective June 1, 2020 and reinstated the contributions effective December 1, 2020. Expense recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income for our matching contributions during fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021 was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 62 

Table of Contents AAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts)) ) ) Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications Amounts reclassified from AOCL Total other comprehensive loss Balance as of May 31, 2021 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCL Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance as of May 31, 2022 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCL ) ) Total other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Balance as of May 31, 2023 ) ) ) Contract assets Investments in joint ventures Assets under deferred compensation plan Debt and equity investments Pension assets Other Investments in Aircraft Joint Ventures Under the terms of servicing agreements with certain of our aircraft joint ventures, we provide administrative services and technical advisory services, including aircraft evaluations, oversight and logistical support of the maintenance process and records management. We also provide evaluation and inspection services prior to the purchase of an aircraft and remarketing services with respect to the divestiture of aircraft by the joint ventures. During fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, we were paid million, million, and million, respectively, for such services. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022, we acquired an aircraft and engines from one of our aircraft joint ventures for million, net of million in remarketing fees earned on the purchase, and then sold the assets for million. 
 63 

Table of Contents AAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 
 million for our ownership interest in a joint venture in India to operate an airframe maintenance facility. The facility received certain regulatory approvals and commenced airframe maintenance operations in the second quarter of fiscal 2022. We guarantee of the Indian joint venture s debt and have recognized a guarantee liability of million as of May 31, 2023. Each of the partners in the Indian joint venture also has a loan to the joint venture proportionate to its equity ownership. In addition to the net equity investment of million, our investment in the Indian joint venture includes million for our loan to the joint venture as of May 31, 2023. We account for our share of the earnings or losses of the Indian joint venture using the equity method with a reporting lag of two months, as the financial statements of the Indian joint venture are not completed on a timely basis that is sufficient for us to apply the equity method on a current basis. Our share of the Indian joint venture s losses for fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021 were million, million, and million, respectively.We are currently evaluating a potential exit from our investment in the Indian joint venture. Investment in Malaysian Joint Venture In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, we made the decision to exit our joint venture which operates a landing gear wheel and brake repair and overhaul facility in Malaysia. In conjunction with the decision to exit the joint venture, we recognized an impairment charge of million reflecting the anticipated net proceeds from our investment. During fiscal 2022, we decided to pursue a shutdown of the joint venture and recognized additional impairment charges and related shutdown costs of million which is reported in Loss from joint ventures on the Consolidated Statement of Income. License Fees In June 2011, we entered into a agreement with Unison Industries Unison to be the exclusive worldwide aftermarket distributor for Unison s electrical components, sensors, switches and other systems for aircraft and industrial uses. In June 2020, we entered into an extension and expansion of our agreement with Unison including a new termination date of December 31, 2031, an initial million license fee paid in June 2020 to Unison, and annual license fees at a fixed percentage of our net sales of Unison products. The June 2020 payment of million was capitalized and is being amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the new agreement. In September 2022, we entered into another amendment of our agreement with Unison to include a extension of the termination date to December 31, 2032, an million license fee paid in September 2022, and an increase to the fixed percentage of annual license fees for our net sales of Unison products. The September 2022 payment of million relates to specific product lines and is being amortized on a straight-line basis over the non-cancellable license period applicable to these product lines. As of May 31, 2023, the unamortized balance of the license is million. Split-Dollar Life Insurance Arrangements We previously entered into split-dollar life insurance agreements to benefit certain former executives and officers. Under the terms of the arrangements, we made premium payments on the individuals behalf and we retained a collateral interest in the policies generally to the extent of the premiums we previously paid. As of May 31, 2023, our Consolidated Balance Sheet included million in Other non-current assets for cumulative premiums paid and expected to be reimbursed upon termination of the policies. 
 64 

Table of Contents AAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 
 million for reimbursement of both the life insurance premiums we previously paid and a portion of our prior tax payments made on the individuals behalf related to their imputed income on the policies. The reimbursement of the premiums paid of million has been classified as cash flow from investing activities with the remainder included in cash flow from operating activities as it represents the reimbursement of a portion of the income taxes previously paid and expensed. In the second quarter of fiscal 2021, we recognized a benefit of million in Selling, general and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statement of Income for the net recovery of the taxes previously paid on behalf of the individuals. Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost 
 65 

Table of Contents AAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total undiscounted payments Less: Imputed interest ) Present value of minimum lease payments Less: Operating lease liabilities current ) Operating lease liabilities non-current The current portion of operating lease liabilities are presented within Accrued liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Excluding leases related to our discontinued operations, our weighted-average remaining lease term and weighted-average discount rate are as follows: years years Discount rate Supplemental cash flow information related to leases was as follows: Operating lease liabilities arising from obtaining ROU assets million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026, million in 2027 and in 2028. We routinely issue letters of credit and performance bonds in the ordinary course of our business. These instruments are typically issued in conjunction with insurance contracts or other business requirements. The total of these instruments outstanding at May 31, 2023 was approximately million which includes million related to a guarantee of of the outstanding debt of our Indian joint venture. We have recognized a current liability of million based on the fair value of our guarantee obligation. 
 66 

Table of Contents AAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 
 million, paid in December 2021 and the other half paid in December 2022. During the three-month period ended August 31, 2020, we received million from the U.S. Treasury Department through the Payroll Support Program under the CARES Act. This funding included a million cash grant which was to be used exclusively for the continuation of payment of employee wages, salaries and benefits for employees of certain MRO facilities. In fiscal 2021, we recognized the full amount of the grant as contra-expense within Cost of sales and Selling, general and administrative expenses of million and million, respectively. The remaining funding of million was a low interest 10-year senior unsecured promissory note Promissory Note which included interest at a rate per annum equal to the sum of (i) for the first five years, and the applicable secured overnight financing rate plus in years six through ten plus (ii) in kind interest of for the first five years and increasing by each year over the remaining term. The Promissory Note was pre-payable at par at any time and we re-paid the Promissory Note in full during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021. The restrictions previously applicable to us relating to dividends, stock repurchases, employee compensation, and certain workforce actions have lapsed. Other countries have enacted legislation similar to the CARES Act to provide relief and stimulus measures to assist companies in mitigating the financial impact from COVID-19 and supporting their employees. In fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, our foreign subsidiaries recognized subsidies of million, million, and million, respectively, from foreign governments which have been deducted from the related expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Income. We have a government grant that is used to support job training and workforce development costs at one of our U.S. airframe maintenance facilities. For this grant, we recognized contra-expense within Cost of sales and Selling, general and administrative expenses of million and million, respectively in fiscal 2023. million in the first quarter of fiscal 2021. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, the post-closing working capital adjustment was finalized resulting in an additional loss of million. The sale also included contingent consideration of up to million based on the achievement of sales targets over a period subsequent to the sale. We recognized a charge of million in the three-month period ended November 30, 2021 to reflect the fair value of the contingent consideration at as it is unlikely the sales targets will be achieved. million plus contingent consideration of up to million based on Trax s adjusted revenue in calendar years 2023 and 2024. Trax is a leading provider of aircraft MRO and fleet management software supporting a broad spectrum of maintenance activities for a diverse global customer base of airlines and MROs. The purchase price was paid at closing except for million which was placed on deposit with an escrow agent to secure potential indemnification obligations and fund any post-closing adjustments for working capital and indebtedness. The preliminary post-closing adjustments for working capital and indebtedness are estimated to be a reduction in the purchase price of million. 
 67 

Table of Contents AAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 
 million in fiscal 2023. We accounted for the acquisition using the acquisition method and included the results of Trax operations in our consolidated financial statements from the effective date of the acquisition. Trax is reported within our Aviation Services segment. The acquisition was funded using a combination of proceeds from our Revolving Credit Facility and cash on hand. Transaction costs associated with the acquisition of million were expensed as incurred within Selling, general and administrative expenses in fiscal 2023. The amounts recorded for certain assets and liabilities are preliminary in nature and are subject to adjustment as additional information is obtained about their acquisition date fair values. Since the acquisition was only recently completed, the allocation of the purchase price is preliminary and will likely change in future periods as fair value estimates of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are finalized, including those related to working capital and income taxes. The final determination of the fair values will be completed within the one-year measurement period. The preliminary fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed is as follows: Other assets Intangible assets Deferred revenue ) Deferred tax liabilities ) Other liabilities ) Net assets acquired Goodwill Purchase price, net of cash acquired Acquired amortizable intangible assets include customer relationships of million and developed technology of million which are being amortized over and , respectively. Intangible assets also include tradenames of million which are indefinite-lived. The goodwill associated with the Trax acquisition is not deductible for tax purposes and is primarily attributable to the benefits we expect to derive from expected synergies including complimentary products and services, cross-selling opportunities and intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition, such as their assembled workforce. segments: Aviation Services comprised of supply chain and MRO activities and Expeditionary Services comprised of manufacturing activities. The Aviation Services segment consists of aftermarket support and services offerings that provide spare parts and maintenance support for aircraft operated by our commercial and government/defense customers. Sales in the Aviation Services segment are derived from the sale and lease of a wide variety of new, overhauled and repaired engine and airframe parts and components to the commercial aviation and government and defense markets. We provide customized inventory supply chain management, performance-based logistics programs, customer fleet management and operations, and aircraft component repair management services. The segment also includes repair, maintenance and overhaul of aircraft, landing gear and components. Cost of sales consists principally of the cost of product, direct labor, and overhead. 
 68 

Table of Contents AAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 
 new operating segments: Parts Supply, Repair Engineering and Integrated Solutions. Beginning with the first quarter of fiscal 2024, we will report under this new structure using the following operating segments: Parts Supply, primarily consisting of our sales of used serviceable engine and airframe parts and components and distribution of new parts; Repair Engineering, primarily consisting of our maintenance, repair, and overhaul services across airframes and components, including landing gear; Integrated Solutions, primarily consisting of our fleet management and operations of customer-owned aircraft, customized performance-based supply chain logistics programs in support of the U.S. Department of Defense DoD and foreign governments, flight hour component inventory and repair programs for commercial airlines, and integrated software solutions including Trax; and Expeditionary Services, primarily consisting of products and services supporting the movement of equipment and personnel by the U.S. and foreign governments and non-governmental organizations. 
 In conjunction with the re-alignment, our CODM will evaluate each segment s performance based on operating income instead of gross profit as the CODM believes operating income is a more comprehensive profitability measure for each operating segment. These changes will be initially reflected in our condensed consolidated financial statements for the quarterly period ended August 31, 2023 and are not reflected herein. Selected financial information for each segment is as follows: Expeditionary Services 

For the Year Ended May 31, 2023 2022 2021 Gross profit: Aviation Services Expeditionary Services 
 69 

Table of Contents AAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 
 Expeditionary Services Corporate and discontinued operations 

For the Year Ended May 31, 2023 2022 2021 Capital expenditures: Aviation Services Expeditionary Services Corporate 

For the Year Ended May 31, 2023 2022 2021 Depreciation and amortization: 1 Aviation Services Expeditionary Services Corporate 

 1 Includes amortization of stock-based compensation. 
 Reconciliations of our segment gross profit to income from continuing operations before provision for income taxes is as follows: Provision for credit losses ) ) ) Selling, general and administrative ) ) ) Earnings (Loss) from joint ventures ) ) Losses related to sale and exit of business ) ) ) Other income (expenses), net ) Interest expense ) ) ) Interest income Income from continuing operations before provision for income taxes 
 70 

Table of Contents AAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 
 The U.S. Department of Defense, U.S. Department of State, other U.S. government agencies and their contractors are our only customers representing 10 or more of total sales in any of the last three fiscal years. Sales by segment for these customers are as follows: Expeditionary Services Percentage of total sales Sales across the major customer markets for each of our operating segments were as follows: Government and defense Expeditionary Services: Commercial Government and defense Sales by type of product/service was as follows: Maintenance, repair and overhaul services Mobility products 
 71 

Table of Contents AAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 
 Europe/Africa Other Expeditionary Services: North America Other 

May 31, 2023 2022 Long-lived assets: United States Europe Other Sales to unaffiliated customers in foreign countries (including sales through foreign sales offices of domestic subsidiaries) were approximately million of sales), million of sales) and million of sales) in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. million which concluded the DoJ investigation into Airlift s contracts with TRANSCOM and the U.S. Navy. As part of the settlement, Airlift and AAR did not admit any wrongdoing. We recognized charges of million in discontinued operations in fiscal 2021 related to this agreement and related matters with payment for the entire matter made in the first quarter of fiscal 2022. 
 72 

Table of Contents AAR CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 
 engines from VIM-AVIA Airlines, LLC VIM-AVIA ), a company organized in Russia. Subsequent to the purchase of the engines, VIM-AVIA declared bankruptcy in Russian courts, and shortly thereafter the receiver of the VIM-AVIA bankruptcy estate and one of the major creditors of VIM-AVIA filed a claw-back action against our subsidiaries alleging that the contracts entered into with VIM-AVIA in the 2016-2017 timeframe are invalid. The clawback action alleged that our subsidiaries owe the VIM-AVIA bankruptcy estate approximately million, the alleged fair market value of the four engines at the time of sale. In March 2022, the Russian court awarded a million judgment against the Company relating to one engine, and dismissed all the other claims against the Company relating to the three remaining engines. The Company has appealed the million judgment entered against it by the Russian court, and the receiver and the creditor have appealed that portion to the Russian court s judgment dismissing their claims relating to the remaining three engines. These appeals remain pending. The Company strongly disputes all claims asserted in the clawback action. However, with the developments in the Russia/Ukraine conflict, the U.S. and its North Atlantic Treaty Organization allies imposed a range of sanctions and export controls in February 2022 on Russian entities and individuals. These sanctions and export controls have resulted in heightened tensions between the United States and Russia and a hostile business and legal environment for foreign companies in Russia, which may negatively impact the Company s ability to defend a VIM-AVIA appeal of the judgments in the Company s favor. We have recognized a liability for the million judgment in the three-month period ended February 28, 2023. Performance Guarantee In conjunction with the fiscal 2021 sale of our Composites business, we retained a performance guarantee to a customer of the Composites business (the Customer under an existing contract providing flap track fairings on the A220 aircraft A220 Contract ). The term of the A220 Contract and our performance guarantee extend for the duration that A220 aircraft are in service and the customer continues to maintain support for the A220 aircraft. The performance guarantee does not contain a financial cap. In March 2022, the buyer of the Composites business (the Buyer filed for bankruptcy and moved to have the bankruptcy court reject the A220 Contract. The Customer also notified us that it believes the Buyer has failed to timely deliver products in accordance with the terms of the A220 Contract and that the Customer has incurred losses related to the asserted non-compliance that the Customer believes is covered by our performance guarantee. To date, the Customer has provided us with limited details in support of the extent of the Customer s claimed losses with respect to the A220 Contract and its contention that we may be responsible under our performance guarantee to reimburse the Customer for any portion of its claimed losses. The Customer filed suit against us during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023 claiming damages of at least million. In this regard, while we are continuing to seek additional detail around the facts and legal basis underlying the claim for losses the Customer attributed to the A220 Contract and the Customer s corresponding claim under the performance guarantee, we strongly disagree with the premise of the Customer s claim based on the information available and known to us at this time, and we believe that we have numerous defenses available against this claim that we will vigorously pursue. While it is reasonably possible that we will incur a loss from the claim under the performance guarantee, we are unable to estimate the range of loss on this claim. There can be no assurance that the Customer s claim under the performance guarantee will not have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE Not Applicable. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures We conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Act ), as of May 31, 2023. This evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures. Therefore, effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. Based upon our evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of May 31, 2023, ensuring that information required to be disclosed in the reports that are filed under the Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported in a timely manner. Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Management of AAR CORP. is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Act. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of assets of the Company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems which are determined to be effective provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and oversight of the Board of Directors, assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of May 31, 2023 based on the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting described in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. However, under guidelines established by the Securities and Exchange Commission, companies are allowed to exclude acquired businesses from management s report on internal control over financial reporting for the first year subsequent to acquisition. Accordingly, in making its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of May 31, 2023, management excluded the internal control activities of the acquisition of Trax USA Corp. which constituted approximately 0.2 of total sales and 1.2 of total assets as of and for the year ended May 31, 2023. Based on our assessment, management concluded that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of May 31, 2023. KPMG LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, has issued a report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. That report appears below. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended May 31, 2023, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Stockholders and Board of Directors AAR CORP.: Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting We have audited AAR CORP. and subsidiaries (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of May 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of May 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended May 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated July 18, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. The Company acquired Trax USA Corp. during 2023, and management excluded from its assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of May 31, 2023, Trax USA Corp. s internal control over financial reporting associated with 0.2 of total sales and 1.2 of total assets included in the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended May 31, 2023. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of the Company also excluded an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of Trax USA Corp. Basis for Opinion The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ KPMG LLP Chicago, Illinois July 18, 2023 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION Not applicable. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS Not applicable. PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The information required by this item regarding the Directors of the Company and nominees for election of the Board is incorporated by reference to the information contained under the caption Information about Our Director Nominees and Our Continuing Directors in our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The information required by this item regarding the Executive Officers of the Company appears under the caption Information about our Executive Officers in Part I, Item 1 above. The information required by this item regarding the identification of the Audit Committee as a separately-designated standing committee of the Board and the status of one or more members of the Audit Committee being an audit committee financial expert is incorporated by reference to the information contained under the caption The Board s Role and Responsibilities Role and Responsibilities of the Board Committees in our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The information required by this item regarding our Code of Conduct applicable to our directors, officers and employees is incorporated by reference to the information contained under the caption Board Practices and Policies Code of Conduct in our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. There have been no material changes to the procedures by which stockholders may recommend nominees to the Company s board of directors. The information regarding these procedures is incorporated by reference to the information contained under the caption Director Nominations and Qualifications in our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information contained under the captions Executive Compensation and Director Compensation of our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The information required by this item regarding security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is incorporated by reference to the information contained under the caption Stock Ownership Information in our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The information required by this item regarding equity compensation plan information is incorporated by reference to the information contained under the caption Equity Compensation Plan Information in our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information contained under the captions Director Independence and Board Practices and Policies Related Person Transaction Policy in our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information contained under the caption Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees and Services in our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a) (1) Financial Statements Our consolidated financial statements are as set forth under Item 8 of this report on Form 10-K. (a) (2) Financial Statement Schedules All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, not required, or the information is included in the consolidated financial statements. (a) (3) Exhibits Management contracts and compensatory arrangements have been marked with an asterisk ) on the Exhibit Index which is contained below: Index Exhibits 3. Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2004) 3.2 By-Laws, as amended July 9, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 13, 2018) 4. Instruments defining the rights of security holders 4.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation (see Exhibit 3.1). 4.2 By-Laws, as amended July 9, 2018 (See Exhibit 3.2). 4.3 Description of Capital Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2022) 4.4 Indenture providing for Issuance of Debt Securities between AAR CORP. as Issuer and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee dated as of December 1, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended November 30, 2010) 4.5 Indenture providing for Issuance of Subordinated Debt Securities between AAR CORP. as Issuer and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee dated as of December 1, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended November 30, 2010) Pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii)(A) of Regulation S-K, the Registrant is not filing certain documents. The Registrant agrees to furnish a copy of each such document upon the request of the Commission. 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 Index Exhibits 10. Material Contracts 10.1 AAR CORP. Directors Retirement Plan, dated April 14, 1992 (incorporated by reference to Exhibits to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 1992), amended May 26, 2000 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2000) and April 10, 2001 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2001) 10.2 AAR CORP. Supplemental Key Employee Retirement Plan, as Amended and Restated effective July 13, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2020) 10.3 AAR CORP. Nonemployee Directors Deferred Compensation Plan, as Amended and Restated effective July 10, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2019) 10.4 Form of Fiscal 2024 Director Restricted Stock Agreement (filed herewith) 10.5 Form of Split Dollar Insurance Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2006) 10.6 Form of Directors and Officers Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 31, 2008) 10.7 Form of Policy for Recoupment of Incentive Compensation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended August 31, 2012) 10.8 AAR CORP. 2013 Stock Plan (as Amended and Restated Effective July 13, 2020) (incorporated by reference to Appendix C to the Registrant s Proxy Statement dated August 28, 2020) 10.9 Form of Severance and Change in Control Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2020) 10.10 Credit Agreement dated December 14, 2022 among AAR CORP., Wells Fargo, N.A., as administrative agent, and the various financial institutions party thereto (filed herewith) 10.11 Purchase Agreement dated February 23, 2018 by and among AAR CORP., as seller representative and servicer, the sellers time to time party thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as buyer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 28, 2018) 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 Index Exhibits 10.12 First Amendment to Purchase Agreement dated as of May 22, 2018 by and among AAR CORP., as seller representative and servicer, the sellers time to time party thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as buyer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 25, 2018) 10.13 Second Amendment to Purchase Agreement dated as of October 25, 2018 by and among AAR CORP., as seller representative and servicer, the sellers time to time party thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as buyer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended November 30, 2020) 10.14 Third Amendment to Purchase Agreement dated as of October 7, 2020 by and among AAR CORP., as seller representative and servicer, the sellers time to time party thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as buyer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended November 30, 2020) 10.15 Amendment dated December 23, 2021 to Purchase Agreement dated as of February 23, 2018 by and among AAR CORP., as seller representative and servicer, the sellers time to time party thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as buyer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended February 28, 2022) 10.16 Post-Retirement Agreement dated May 24, 2018 between AAR CORP. and David P. Storch (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 25, 2018), as amended May 31, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 4, 2019), as amended July 11, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2019), and as amended July 13, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2021)) 10.17 Consulting Agreement between the Company and David P. Storch, dated September 20, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 31, 2022) 10.18 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated as of May 24, 2018 between AAR CORP. and John M. Holmes (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 25, 2018) 10.19 First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated as of July 30, 2020 between AAR CORP. and John M. Holmes (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended August 31, 2020) 10.20 Form of AAR CORP. Fiscal 2022 Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 31, 2021) 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 Index Exhibits 10.21 Form of AAR CORP. Fiscal 2022 Restricted Stock Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 31, 2021) 10.22 Form of AAR CORP. Fiscal 2022 Performance Restricted Stock Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 31, 2021) 10.23 Form of AAR CORP. Fiscal 2023 Short-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended August 31, 2022) 10.24 Form of AAR CORP. Fiscal 2023 Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended August 31, 2022) 10.25 Form of AAR CORP. Fiscal 2023 Restricted Stock Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended August 31, 2022) 10.26 Form of AAR CORP. Fiscal 2023 Performance Restricted Stock Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended August 31, 2022) 10.27 Payroll Support Agreement dated July 30, 2020 by and between AAR Aircraft Services, Inc., Aviation Maintenance Staffing, Inc., AAR Landing Gear LLC, and the United States Treasury (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 31, 2020) 10.28 Form of AAR CORP. Fiscal 2022 Special Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 25, 2022) 10.29 Form of AAR CORP. Fiscal 2022 Special Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 25, 2022) 10.30 Form of AAR CORP. Fiscal 2022 Special Restricted Stock Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 25, 2022) 21. Subsidiaries of the 21.1 Subsidiaries of AAR CORP. (filed herewith) Registrant 23. Consents of experts and counsel 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (filed herewith) 31. 31.1 Section 302 Certification dated July 1 8 , 2023 of John M. Holmes, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Registrant (filed herewith) 31.2 Section 302 Certification dated July 1 8 , 2023 of Sean M. Gillen, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Registrant (filed herewith) 32. 32.1 Section 906 Certification dated July 1 8 , 2023 of John M. Holmes, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Registrant (filed herewith) 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 Index Exhibits 32.2 Section 906 Certification dated July 1 8 , 2023 of Sean M. Gillen, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Registrant (filed herewith) 101. 101 The following materials from the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets at May 31, 2023 and 2022, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for fiscal years ended May 31, 2023, 20212 and 2021, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, (v) Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity for the three years ended May 31, 2023 and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 104. Cover Page Interactive Data File 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and contained in Exhibit 101) 

 Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, the Interactive Data Files on Exhibit 101 hereto are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise are not subject to liability under those sections. ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY Not applicable. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

AAR CORP. (Registrant) Date: July 18, 2023 BY: /s/ JOHN M. HOLMES John M. Holmes Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date July 18, 2023 /s/ JOHN M. HOLMES Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer John M. Holmes (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ SEAN M. GILLEN Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Sean M. Gillen (Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ ERIC S. PACHAPA Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Eric S. Pachapa Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ ANTHONY K. ANDERSON Director Anthony K. Anderson /s/ MICHAEL R. BOYCE Director Michael R. Boyce /s/ JOHN W. DIETRICH Director John W. Dietrich 

/s/ ROBERT F. LEDUC Director Robert F. Leduc /s/ ELLEN M. LORD Director Ellen M. Lord 

/s/ DUNCAN J. MCNABB Director Duncan J. McNabb /s/ PETER PACE Director Peter Pace 

/s/ JENNIFER L. VOGEL Director Jennifer L. Vogel 

/s/ MARC J. WALFISH Director Marc J. Walfish 

84 

<EX-10.4>
 2
 air-20230531xex10d4.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.4

Exhibit 10.4 Fiscal 2024 Form AAR CORP. Director Restricted Stock Agreement the Agreement Subject to the provisions of the AAR CORP. 2013 Stock Plan, as Amended and Restated Effective July 13, 2020 (the Plan ), the terms of which are hereby incorporated by reference herein, and in consideration of the agreements of the Grantee herein provided, AAR CORP. a Delaware corporation Company ), hereby grants to Grantee a restricted stock award Award ), effective June 1, 2023 Date of Award ), of 2,426 shares of common stock Common Stock of the Company, 1.00 par value Award Shares ), subject to the forfeiture and nontransferability provisions hereof and the other terms and conditions set forth herein: 1. Acceptance By Grantee . The Award is conditioned upon the acceptance by the Grantee of the terms and conditions of the Award as set forth in this Agreement. The Grantee must confirm acceptance of the Award and this Agreement on Morgan Stanley s web site (www.stockplanconnect.com). The Company will accept the Award on the Grantee s behalf. By acceptance of this Agreement, you irrevocably agree to be bound by the terms hereof. 2. Restrictions . The Grantee represents that he is accepting the Award Shares without a view toward distribution of said Award Shares and that he will not sell, assign, transfer, pledge or otherwise encumber the Award Shares during the period commencing on the Date of Award and ending on the date the restrictions applicable to such Award Shares are released pursuant to paragraph 3 of this Agreement Restrictive Period ). 3. Release of Restrictions . Subject to the provisions of paragraph 4 below, the restrictions described in paragraph 2 above shall be released with respect to the Award Shares on the first anniversary of the Date of Award, except as follows: (a) In General . If the Grantee s membership on the Company s Board of Directors terminates prior to the last day of the Restrictive Period for any reason other than Retirement, death or Disability, the Grantee shall forfeit to the Company all Award Shares not previously released from the restrictions of paragraph 2 hereof. (b) Retirement . If the Grantee s membership on the Company s Board of Directors terminates by reason of Retirement prior to the last day of the Restrictive Period, the Restrictive Period shall terminate in accordance with the restriction release schedule set forth above in the first clause of this paragraph 3 as to the Award Shares not previously released; provided, however, that if the Grantee dies after Retirement and prior to the last day of the Restrictive Period, the Grantee s date of death will be treated as the date on which his membership on the Company s Board of Directors has terminated, and the provisions of paragraph 3(c) shall apply in determining the release of restrictions as to the Award Shares not previously released. For purposes of this Agreement, Retirement means the Grantee s voluntary termination of membership on the Company s Board of Directors at or after attaining age 65 with five or more consecutive years of service as a non-employee member of the Company s Board of Directors. 
 1 AAR Director Restricted Stock Agreement Fiscal 2024 

 (c) Death or Disability . If the Grantee s membership on the Company s Board of Directors terminates by reason of death or Disability, the Restrictive Period shall terminate on the date of such death or Disability. For this purpose, Disability means the inability of the Grantee to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or which has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months. (d) Restrictive Covenant . If at any time prior to the Award Shares release from the restrictions hereunder, the Grantee, without the Company s express written consent, directly or indirectly, alone or as a member of a partnership, group, or joint venture or as an employee, officer, director, or greater than 1 stockholder of any corporation, or in any capacity engages in any activity which is competitive with any of the businesses conducted by the Company or its affiliated companies at any time during the Grantee s membership on the Company s Board of Directors, the Grantee shall forfeit to the Company all Award Shares not previously released from the restrictions of paragraph 2 hereof. 4. Change in Control . In the event of a Change in Control of the Company, and the Grantee s membership on the Company s Board of Directors ends on or after the Change in Control but prior to the last day of the Restrictive Period, then notwithstanding any conditions or restrictions contained in this Agreement, the Restrictive Period shall terminate as to all Award Shares not previously released. 5. Change in Outstanding Shares . In the event of any change in the outstanding shares of Common Stock occurring through stock splits, stock dividends, stock consolidations, spin-offs, other distributions of assets to stockholders or assumption or conversion of outstanding Awards due to an acquisition after the Date of Award, the Award Shares shall be treated in the same manner in any such transaction as other shares of Common Stock. Any additional shares of Common Stock received by the Grantee with respect to the Award Shares in any such transaction shall be subject to the same restrictions as are then applicable to those Award Shares for which the additional shares have been issued. 6. Rights of Grantee . As the holder of the Award Shares, the Grantee is entitled to all of the rights of a stockholder of AAR CORP. with respect to any of the Award Shares, when issued, including, but not limited to, the right to receive dividends declared and payable since the Date of Award. 7. Shares . Award Shares shall be held by the Company in electronic book entry form on the records of the Company s Transfer Agent for the account of the Grantee until such restrictions are released pursuant to the terms hereof, or such Award Shares are forfeited to the Company as provided by the Plan or this Agreement. The Grantee shall be entitled to the Award Shares as to which such restrictions have been released, and the Company agrees to issue such Award Shares in electronic form on the records of the Transfer Agent. Upon request by the Grantee, the Transfer Agent will transfer such released Award Shares in electronic form to the Grantee s broker for the Grantee s account or issue certificates in the name of the Grantee representing the Award Shares for which restrictions have been released. 
 2 AAR Director Restricted Stock Agreement Fiscal 2024 

 8. Legend . The Company may, in its discretion, place a legend or legends on any electronic shares or certificates representing Award Shares issued to the Grantee that the Company believes is required to comply with any law or regulation. 9. Committee Powers . The Committee may subject the Award Shares to such conditions, limitations or restrictions as the Committee determines to be necessary or desirable to comply with any law or regulation or with the requirements of any securities exchange. At any time during the Restrictive Period, the Committee may reduce or terminate the Restrictive Period otherwise applicable to all or any portion of the Award Shares. 10. Postponement of Distribution . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the distribution of any portion of the Award Shares shall be subject to action by the Board taken at any time in its sole discretion (i) to effect, amend or maintain any necessary registration of the Plan or the Award Shares distributable in satisfaction of this Award under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the securities laws of any applicable jurisdiction, (ii) to permit any action to be taken in order to (a) list such Award Shares on a stock exchange if the Common Stock is then listed on such exchange or (b) comply with restrictions or regulations incident to the maintenance of a public market for its Shares of Common Stock, including any rules or regulations of any stock exchange on which the Award Shares are listed, or (iii) to determine that such Award Shares and the Plan are exempt from such registration or that no action of the kind referred to in (ii)(b) above needs to be taken; and the Company shall not be obligated by virtue of any terms and conditions of this Award or any provision of this Agreement or the Plan to issue or release the Award Shares in violation of the Securities Act of 1933 or the law of any government having jurisdiction thereof. Any such postponement shall not shorten the term of any restriction attached to the Award Shares and neither the Company nor its directors or officers shall have any obligation or liability to the Grantee or to any other person as to which issuance under the Award Shares was delayed. 11. Miscellaneous . (a) The Award and this Agreement shall be construed, administered and governed in all respects under and by the laws of the State of Illinois. (b) Capitalized terms used herein and not defined herein will have the meanings set forth in the Plan. (c) This Agreement has been examined by the parties hereto, and accordingly the rule of construction that ambiguities be construed against a party which causes a document to be drafted shall have no application in the construction or interpretation hereof. If any part of this Agreement is held invalid for any reason, the remainder hereof shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect. (d) This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties concerning the subject matter hereof and any prior understanding or representation of any kind antedating this Agreement concerning such subject matter shall not be binding upon either party except to the extent incorporated herein. No consent, waiver, modification or amendment hereof, or additional obligation assumed by either party in connection herewith, shall be binding unless evidenced by a writing signed by both parties and referring specifically hereto. No consent, waiver, 
 3 AAR Director Restricted Stock Agreement Fiscal 2024 

 modification or amendment with respect hereto shall be construed as applicable to any past or future events other than the one in respect of which it was specifically made. (e) This Agreement shall be construed consistent with the provisions of the Plan and in the event of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall control and any terms of this Agreement which conflict with Plan terms shall be void. Questions concerning the provisions of this Agreement should be directed to the Company s Corporate Secretary: 630/227-2060; fax 630/227-2058. 
 4 AAR Director Restricted Stock Agreement Fiscal 2024 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.10>
 3
 air-20230531xex10d10.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.10

Exhibit 10.10 EXECUTION VERSION CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of December 14, 2022 among AAR CORP. , as the Borrower, WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A. , as Administrative Agent, BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. , as Syndication Agent, the Lenders Party hereto, WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC , BOFA SECURITIES, INC. , TRUIST SECURITIES, INC. and CIBC BANK USA , as Joint Lead Arrangers and WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC and BOFA SECURITIES, INC. , as Joint Bookrunners 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 1 1.01 Defined Terms 1 1.02 Other Interpretive Provisions 30 1.03 Accounting Terms 31 1.04 Rounding 31 1.05 Times of Day 31 1.06 Letter of Credit Amounts 31 1.07 Interest Rates 32 1.08 Divisions 32 ARTICLE II. THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 33 2.01 Committed Loans 33 2.02 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Committed Loans 33 2.03 [Reserved] 34 2.04 Letters of Credit 34 2.05 Swing Line Loans 41 2.06 Prepayments 44 2.07 Termination or Reduction of Commitments 45 2.08 Repayment of Loans 45 2.09 Interest 45 2.10 Fees 46 2.11 Computation of Interest and Fees; Retroactive Adjustments of Applicable Rate 47 2.12 Evidence of Debt 47 2.13 Payments Generally; Administrative Agent s Clawback 48 2.14 Sharing of Payments by Lenders 49 2.15 [Reserved] 50 2.16 Increase in Commitments 50 2.17 Cash Collateral 51 2.18 Defaulting Lenders 52 ARTICLE III. TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 54 3.01 Taxes 54 3.02 Illegality 57 3.03 Inability to Determine Rates 57 3.04 Increased Costs 60 3.05 Compensation for Losses 61 3.06 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders 61 3.07 Survival 62 

TABLE OF CONTENTS (cont d) P age ARTICLE IV.CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS 62 4.01 Conditions of Initial Credit Extension 62 4.02 Conditions to all Credit Extensions 63 ARTICLE V.REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 64 5.01 Organization 64 5.02 Authorization; No Conflict 64 5.03 Validity and Binding Nature 64 5.04 Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Effect 64 5.05 Litigation and Contingent Liabilities 65 5.06 Ownership of Properties; Liens 65 5.07 Equity Ownership; Subsidiaries 65 5.08 Pension Plans 65 5.09 Investment Company Act 66 5.10 Regulation U 66 5.11 Taxes 66 5.12 Solvency; Etc. 66 5.13 Environmental Matters 66 5.14 Insurance 67 5.15 Information 67 5.16 Intellectual Property 67 5.17 No Default 68 5.18 Taxpayer Identification Number 68 5.19 Anti-Corruption Laws; Sanctions; Anti-Terrorism Laws 68 5.20 Affected Financial Institutions 68 ARTICLE VI.AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 68 6.01 Reports, Certificates and Other Information 68 6.02 Books, Records and Inspections 71 6.03 Maintenance of Property; Insurance 71 6.04 Compliance with Laws; Payment of Taxes and Liabilities 72 6.05 Maintenance of Existence, Etc 72 6.06 Use of Proceeds 72 6.07 Additional Guarantors 72 6.08 PATRIOT Act Compliance; Policies and Procedures 73 ARTICLE VII.NEGATIVE COVENANTS 73 7.01 Debt 73 7.02 Liens 74 7.03 Restricted Payments 76 7.04 Mergers and Consolidations 76 7.05 Sale of Assets, Etc. 77 
 
 ii 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS (cont d) Page 7.06 Acquisitions 77 7.07 [Reserved] 78 7.08 Transactions with Affiliates 78 7.09 Inconsistent Agreements 78 7.10 Business Activities 79 7.11 Investments 79 7.12 Fiscal Year 80 7.13 Financial Covenants 80 ARTICLE VIII.EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 80 8.01 Events of Default 80 8.02 Remedies Upon Event of Default 82 8.03 Application of Funds 82 ARTICLE IX.ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 83 9.01 Appointment and Authority 83 9.02 Rights as a Lender 84 9.03 Exculpatory Provisions 84 9.04 Reliance by Administrative Agent 85 9.05 Delegation of Duties 85 9.06 Resignation of Administrative Agent 85 9.07 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders 86 9.08 No Other Duties, Etc 86 9.09 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim 86 9.10 Guaranty Matters 87 9.11 Syndication Agents 87 9.12 Certain ERISA Matters 87 9.13 Erroneous Payments 88 ARTICLE X.MISCELLANEOUS 90 10.01 Amendments, Etc 90 10.02 Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communication 91 10.03 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies; Enforcement 93 10.04 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver 94 10.05 Payments Set Aside 95 10.06 Successors and Assigns 96 10.07 Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality 100 10.08 Right of Setoff 100 10.09 Interest Rate Limitation 101 10.10 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness 101 10.11 Survival of Representations and Warranties 101 10.12 Severability 101 10.13 Replacement of Lenders 102 
 
 iii 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS (cont d) Page 10.14 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc. 103 10.15 Waiver of Jury Trial 104 10.16 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 104 10.17 Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other Documents 104 10.18 USA PATRIOT Act 105 10.19 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 105 10.20 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 106 
 SCHEDULES 2.01 Commitments and Applicable Percentages 2.04(a) Letter of Credit Sublimit Amounts 2.04(b) Existing Letters of Credit 5.05 Litigation 5.07 Subsidiaries; Other Equity Investments; Equity Interests in the Borrower 7.01 Existing Debt 7.11 Investments 10.02 Administrative Agent s Office; Certain Addresses for Notices EXHIBITS A Form of Committed Loan Notice C Form of Swing Line Loan Notice D Form of Note E Form of Compliance Certificate F-1 Form of Assignment and Assumption F-2 Form of Administrative Questionnaire G Form of Guaranty 
 
 iv 

 CREDIT AGREEMENT This CREDIT AGREEMENT is entered into as of December 14, 2022, among AAR CORP., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), each lender from time to time party hereto (collectively, the Lenders and individually, a Lender ), WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and a L/C Issuer, and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Syndication Agent and a L/C Issuer. The Borrower has requested that the Lenders provide a revolving credit facility, and the Lenders are willing to do so on the terms and conditions set forth herein. In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows: ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 1.01 Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below: AAR AESL Group has the meaning given in the definition of Unrestricted Subsidiary. AAR Airlift Group has the meaning given in the definition of Unrestricted Subsidiary. AAR IFS Group has the meaning given in the definition of Unrestricted Subsidiary. Acquired Debt means Debt of a Person existing at the time such Person became a Restricted Subsidiary or assumed by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower pursuant to an Acquisition permitted hereunder (and not created or incurred in connection with or in anticipation of such Acquisition) which is otherwise permitted by the terms of this Agreement. Acquisition means any transaction or series of related transactions for the purpose of or resulting, directly or indirectly, in (a) the acquisition of all or substantially all of the assets of a Person, or of all or substantially all of any business or division of a Person, (b) the acquisition of in excess of 50 of the Equity Interests of any Person, or otherwise causing any Person to become a Subsidiary, or (c) a merger or consolidation or any other combination with another Person (other than a Person that is already a Subsidiary). Acquisition Holiday has the meaning specified in Section 7.13(b) . Adjusted Term SOFR means, for purposes of any calculation, the rate per annum equal to (a) Term SOFR for such calculation plus (b) the Term SOFR Adjustment; provided that if Adjusted Term SOFR as so determined shall ever be less than the Floor, then Adjusted Term SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor. Adjusted Total Debt to EBITDA Ratio means, as of the last day of any Fiscal Quarter, the ratio of (a) the excess of Total Debt as of such day over Unrestricted Cash as of such day to (b) EBITDA for the Computation Period ending on such day. Administrative Agent means Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. in its capacity as administrative agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor administrative agent. 
 1 

 Administrative Agent s Office means the Administrative Agent s address and, as appropriate, account as set forth on Schedule 10.02 , or such other address or account as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify to the Borrower and the Lenders. Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in substantially the form of Exhibit F-2 or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. Aggregate Commitments means the Commitments of all the Lenders. Agreement means this Credit Agreement, as it may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified and as in effect from time to time. Anti-Corruption Laws means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Borrower or its Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption, including, without limitation, the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 and the UK Bribery Act 2010. Applicable Percentage means with respect to any Lender at any time, the percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) of the Aggregate Commitments represented by such Lender s Commitment at such time, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2.18 . If the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and the obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions have been terminated pursuant to Section 8.02 or if the Aggregate Commitments have expired, then the Applicable Percentage of each Lender shall be determined based on the Applicable Percentage of such Lender most recently in effect, giving effect to any subsequent assignments and to any Lender s status as a Defaulting Lender at the time of determination. The initial Applicable Percentage of each Lender is set forth opposite the name of such Lender on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable. 
 2 

 Applicable Rate means the following percentages per annum, based upon the Adjusted Total Debt to EBITDA Ratio as set forth in the most recent Compliance Certificate received by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 6.01(c) : 

Applicable Rate Pricing Level Adjusted Total Debt to EBITDA Ratio Commitment Fee Adjusted Term SOFR and Letters of Credit Base Rate 1 1.00:1.00 0.15 1.125 0.125 2 > 1.00:1.00 but 1.75:1.00 0.175 1.25 0.25 3 > 1.75:1.00 but 2.75:1.00 0.20 1.50 0.50 4 > 2.75:1.00 but 3.25:1.00 0.225 1.75 0.75 5 > 3.25:1.00 0.25 2.00 1.00 
 Any increase or decrease in the Applicable Rate resulting from a change in the Adjusted Total Debt to EBITDA Ratio shall become effective as of the first Business Day immediately following the date a Compliance Certificate is delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(c) ; provided , however , that if a Compliance Certificate is not delivered when due in accordance with such Section, then, upon the request of the Required Lenders, Pricing Level 4 shall apply as of the first Business Day after the date on which such Compliance Certificate was required to have been delivered and shall remain in effect until the date on which such Compliance Certificate is delivered. The Applicable Rate in effect from the Closing Date through the date on which the next due Compliance Certificate is delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 6.01(c) shall be determined based upon Pricing Level 1. Approved Fund means any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. Arranger or Arrangers means Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, BofA Securities, Inc., Truist Securities, Inc., and CIBC Bank USA, each in its capacity as a joint lead arranger. Asset Disposition means any Transfer of property having a Disposition Value of 5,000,000 or more except: (a) any (i) Transfer from a Restricted Subsidiary to the Borrower or a Wholly-Owned Restricted Subsidiary; (ii) Transfer from the Borrower to a Wholly-Owned Restricted Subsidiary; 
 3 

 (iii) Transfer from the Borrower to a Restricted Subsidiary (other than a Wholly-Owned Restricted Subsidiary) or from a Restricted Subsidiary to another Restricted Subsidiary (other than a Wholly-Owned Restricted Subsidiary), which in either case is for Fair Market Value; and (iv) Transfer of property from the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in connection with a sale-and-leaseback transaction entered into within 365 days after the initial acquisition or construction of such property by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, so long as, with respect to each of the foregoing, immediately before and immediately after the consummation of any such Transfer and after giving effect thereto, no Default or Event of Default exists; and (b) any Transfer made in the ordinary course of business and involving only property that is either (i) inventory held for rent or sale or (ii) equipment, fixtures, supplies or materials no longer required in the operation of the business of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or that is obsolete. Assignee Group means two or more Eligible Assignees that are Affiliates of one another or two or more Approved Funds managed by the same investment advisor. Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 10.06(b) ), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit F-1 or any other form (including electronic documentation generated by use of an electronic platform) approved by the Administrative Agent. Attorney Costs means, with respect to any Person, all reasonable fees and charges of any counsel to such Person and all court costs and similar legal expenses. Audited Financial Statements means the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022 and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, shareholders equity and cash flows for such fiscal year of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including the notes thereto. Availability Period means the period from and including the Closing Date to the earliest of (a) the Maturity Date, (b) the date of termination of the Aggregate Commitments pursuant to Section 2.07 , and (c) the date of termination of the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and of the obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions pursuant to Section 8.02 . Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (a) if such Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an interest period pursuant to this Agreement or (b) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to Section 3.03(c)(iv) . 
 4 

 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). Bank Product Agreements means those certain cash management service agreements entered into from time to time between the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary and a Lender or its Affiliates in connection with any of the Bank Products. Bank Product Obligations means all obligations, liabilities, contingent reimbursement obligations, fees, and expenses owing by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to any Lender or its Affiliates pursuant to or evidenced by the Bank Product Agreements and irrespective of whether for the payment of money, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising, and including all such amounts that the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary is obligated to reimburse to the Administrative Agent or any Lender as a result of the Administrative Agent or such Lender purchasing participations or executing indemnities or reimbursement obligations with respect to the Bank Products provided to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to the Bank Product Agreements. Bank Products means any service or facility extended to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary by any Lender or its Affiliates including: (a) credit cards, (b) credit card processing services, (c) debit cards, (d) purchase cards, (e) ACH transactions, (f) cash management, including controlled disbursement, accounts or services, or (g) Hedging Agreements. Base Rate means, for any day, a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the Federal Funds Rate in effect on such day, plus 0.50 and (c) Adjusted Term SOFR for a one-month tenor in effect on such day plus 1.00 ; each change in the Base Rate shall take effect simultaneously with the corresponding change or changes in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Rate or Adjusted Term SOFR, as applicable provided that clause (c) shall not be applicable during any period in which Adjusted Term SOFR is unavailable or unascertainable). Base Rate Committed Loan means a Committed Loan that is a Base Rate Loan. Base Rate Loan means a Loan that bears interest based on the Base Rate. Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning assigned thereto in the definition of Term SOFR . Benchmark means, initially, the Term SOFR Reference Rate; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 3.03(c)(i) . 
 5 

 Benchmark Replacement means, with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event, the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement to the then-current Benchmark for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; provided that, if such Benchmark Replacement as so determined would be less than the Floor, such Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Available Tenor, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (a) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (b) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities. Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: (a) in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or (b) in the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative or non-compliant with or non-aligned with the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks; provided that such non-representativeness, non-compliance or non-alignment will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. For the avoidance of doubt, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (a) or (b) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 
 6 

 (a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); (b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the FRB, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or (c) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) or the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative or in compliance with or aligned with the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks. For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). Benchmark Transition Start Date means, in the case of a Benchmark Transition Event, the earlier of (a) the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and (b) if such Benchmark Transition Event is a public statement or publication of information of a prospective event, the 90th day prior to the expected date of such event as of such public statement or publication of information (or if the expected date of such prospective event is fewer than 90 days after such statement or publication, the date of such statement or publication). Benchmark Unavailability Period means the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 3.03(c)(i) and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 3.03(c)(i) . Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 7 

 Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . Borrower has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. Borrower Materials means any materials and/or information provided by or on behalf of the Borrower to the Lenders and L/C Issuer under Section 6.01 . Borrowing means a Committed Borrowing or a Swing Line Borrowing, as the context may require. Business Day means any day that (a) is not a Saturday or Sunday and (b) is not a day on which commercial banks in Charlotte, North Carolina or Chicago, Illinois are closed. Capital Lease means, with respect to any Person, any lease of (or other agreement conveying the right to use) any real or personal property by such Person that, in conformity with GAAP, is accounted for as a capital lease on the balance sheet of such Person. Cargo/Precision Companies means Telair International GmbH and its Subsidiaries, Nordisk Aviation Products AS and its Subsidiaries, the AAR Cargo (Telair US) business and the Precision Systems Manufacturing business (including Aerostructures Interiors). Cash Collateralize means to pledge and deposit with or deliver to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender (as applicable) and the Lenders, as collateral for L/C Obligations, Obligations in respect of Swing Line Loans, or obligations of Lenders to fund participations in respect of either thereof (as the context may require), cash or deposit account balances or, if the L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender benefitting from such collateral shall agree in its sole discretion, other credit support, in each case pursuant to documentation in form and substance satisfactory to (a) the Administrative Agent and (b) the L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender (as applicable). Cash Collateral shall have a meaning correlative to the foregoing and shall include the proceeds of such cash collateral and other credit support. Cash Equivalent Investment means, at any time, (a) any evidence of Debt, maturing not more than one year after such time, issued or guaranteed by the United States government or any agency thereof, (b) commercial paper, maturing not more than one year from the date of issue, or corporate demand notes, in each case (unless issued by a Lender or its holding company) rated at least A-l by Standard Poor s Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. or P-l by Moody s Investors Service, Inc., (c) any deposit account, certificate of deposit, time deposit or banker s acceptance, maturing not more than one year after such time, or any overnight Federal Funds transaction that is issued or sold by any Lender or its holding company (or by a commercial banking institution that is a member of the Federal Reserve System and has a combined capital and surplus and undivided profits of not less than 500,000,000), (d) any repurchase agreement entered into with any Lender (or commercial banking institution of the nature referred to in clause (c)) which (i) is secured by a fully perfected security interest in any obligation of the type described in any of clauses (a) through (c) above and (ii) has a market value at the time such repurchase agreement is entered into of not less than 100 of the repurchase obligation of such Lender (or other commercial banking institution) thereunder, (e) money market accounts or mutual funds which invest exclusively in assets satisfying the foregoing requirements, and (f) other short term liquid investments approved in writing by the Administrative Agent. 
 8 

 Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in the implementation thereof and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law , regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. Change of Control means the occurrence of any one or more of the following events: (a) any person (as such term is used in Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act), or two or more persons acting in concert, acquires beneficial ownership (as that term is defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), of more than 50 of the outstanding capital stock of the Borrower entitled to vote for the election of directors; or (b) either (x) a merger or consolidation or other business combination of the Borrower with one or more other corporations as a result of which the beneficial owners of the outstanding voting stock of the Borrower immediately prior to such business combination beneficially own (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving or resulting corporation or any parent thereof) less than 60 of the outstanding voting stock of the Borrower or the surviving or resulting corporation or any parent thereof immediately after such merger or consolidation or business combination, or (y) a transfer of substantially all of the assets of the Borrower other than to an entity of which the Borrower owns at least 80 of the voting stock; or (c) the election, over any period of time, to the Board of Directors of the Borrower without the recommendation or approval of the incumbent Board of Directors of the Borrower, of the lesser of (x) three directors, or (y) directors constituting a majority of the number of directors of the Borrower then in office. Closing Date means December 14, 2022. Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. Commitment means, as to each Lender, its obligation to (a) make Committed Loans to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01 , (b) purchase participations in L/C Obligations, and (c) purchase participations in Swing Line Loans, in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. Committed Borrowing means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Committed Loans of the same Type and, in the case of SOFR Committed Loans, having the same Interest Period made by each of the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01 . Committed Loan has the meaning specified in Section 2.01 . Committed Loan Notice means a notice of (a) a Committed Borrowing, (b) a conversion of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, or (c) a continuation of SOFR Committed Loans, pursuant to Section 2.02(a) , which, if in writing, shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A or such other form as may be approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or 
 9 

 electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. Compliance Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E . Computation Period means the period of four consecutive Fiscal Quarters ending on the last day of each Fiscal Quarter. Conforming Changes means, with respect to either the use or administration of Term SOFR or the use, administration, adoption or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period or any similar or analogous definition (or the addition of a concept of interest period ), timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of Section 3.05 and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents), in each case in consultation with the Borrower. Consolidated Assets means, at any time, the total assets of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries which would be shown as assets on a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of such time prepared in accordance with GAAP, after eliminating all amounts properly attributable to minority interests, if any, in the stock and surplus of Restricted Subsidiaries. Consolidated Net Income means, with respect to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for any period, the net income (or loss) of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period (taken as a cumulative whole), as determined in accordance with GAAP, after eliminating all offsetting debits and credits between the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries and all other items required to be eliminated in the course of the preparation of consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP. Contingent Liabilities means, with respect to any Person, any obligation (except the endorsement in the ordinary course of business of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection) of such Person guaranteeing or in effect guaranteeing any Debt, dividend or other obligation of any other Person in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including obligations incurred through an agreement, contingent or otherwise, by such Person: (a) to purchase such Debt or obligation or any property constituting security therefor; (b) to advance or supply funds (i) for the purchase or payment of such Debt or obligation, or (ii) to maintain any working capital or other balance sheet condition or any income statement condition of any other Person or otherwise to advance or make available funds for the purchase or payment of such Debt or obligation; (c) to lease properties or to purchase properties or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Debt or obligation of the ability of any other Person to make payment of the Debt or obligation; or (d) otherwise to assure the owner of such 
 10 

 Debt or obligation against loss in respect thereof. In any computation of the Debt or other liabilities of the obligor under any Contingent Liability, the Debt or other obligations that are the subject of such Contingent Liability shall be assumed to be direct obligations of such obligor. Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. Credit Extension means each of the following: (a) a Borrowing and (b) an L/C Credit Extension. Debt of any Person means, without duplication, (a) its liabilities for borrowed money determined in accordance with GAAP; (b) its liabilities for the deferred purchase price of property acquired by such Person (excluding accounts payable and other accrued liabilities arising in the ordinary course of business but including all liabilities created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement with respect to any such property); (c) its Capital Lease obligations; (d) all liabilities for borrowed money (other than Nonrecourse Debt) secured by any Lien with respect to any property owned by such Person (whether or not it has assumed or otherwise become liable for such liabilities); (e) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, with respect to the face amount of all letters of credit (whether or not drawn), bankers acceptances and similar obligations issued for the account of such Person (including the Letters of Credit); (f) all Hedging Obligations of such Person; and (g) any Contingent Liability of such Person with respect to liabilities of a type described in any of clauses (a) through (f) hereof. Debt of any Person shall include all obligations of such Person of the character described in clauses (a) through (g) to the extent such Person remains legally liable in respect thereof notwithstanding that any such obligation is deemed to be extinguished under GAAP. For further certainty, obligations of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries as lessee in respect of operating leases (including leveraged leases and synthetic leases that are accounted for as operating leases) under GAAP shall not constitute Debt and obligations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in respect of intercompany expenses, billings and other charges between and among the Borrower and its Subsidiaries consistent with their historical business practices shall not constitute Debt . Debt Prepayment Application means, with respect to any Transfer of property, the application by the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries of cash in an amount equal to the Net Proceeds Amount with respect to such Transfer to pay Debt of the Borrower (other than (i) Subordinated Debt and (ii) Debt owing to the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any Affiliate). Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect. Default means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default. Default Rate means (a) when used with respect to Obligations other than Letter of Credit Fees, an interest rate equal to (i) the Base Rate plus (ii) the Applicable Rate, if any, applicable to Base Rate Loans plus (iii) 2 per annum; provided , however , that with respect to a SOFR Loan, the Default Rate shall be an interest rate equal to the interest rate (including any Applicable Rate) otherwise applicable to such Loan plus 2 per annum, and (b) when used with respect to Letter of Credit Fees, a rate equal to the Applicable Rate plus 2 per annum. 
 11 

 Defaulting Lender means, subject to Section 2.18(b) , any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Loans within two Business Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or (ii) pay to the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer, and Swing Line Lender or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder (including in respect of its Loans or participations in respect of Letters of Credit or Swing Line Loans) within two Business Days of the date required to be funded by it hereunder, (b) has notified the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations, or has made a public statement to that effect with respect to its funding obligations hereunder or under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender s obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender s determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three Business Days after request by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, to confirm in a writing to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that it will comply with its funding obligations hereunder (provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower), or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity or (iii) become the subject of a Bail-In Action; provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Equity Interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under clauses (a) through (d) above shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.18(b) upon delivery of written notice of such determination to the Borrower, each L/C Issuer, each Swing Line Lender and each Lender. Disposition or Dispose means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition (including any sale and leaseback transaction) of any property by any Person, including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith. Disposition Value means, at any time, with respect to any property (a) in the case of property that does not constitute Restricted Subsidiary Stock, the book value thereof, valued at the time of such Disposition in good faith by the Borrower, and (b) in the case of property that constitutes Restricted Subsidiary Stock, an amount equal to that percentage of book value of the assets of the Restricted Subsidiary that issued such stock as is equal to the percentage that the book value of such Restricted Subsidiary Stock represents of the book value of all of the outstanding capital stock of such Restricted Subsidiary (assuming, in making such calculations, that all securities convertible into such capital stock are so converted and giving full effect to all 
 12 

 transactions that would occur or be required in connection with such conversion) determined at the time of the Disposition thereof, in good faith by the Borrower. Dollar and mean lawful money of the United States. Domestic Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of any political subdivision of the United States. EBITDA means, for any period, without duplication, Consolidated Net Income for such period plus, to the extent deducted in determining such Consolidated Net Income, the sum of i Interest Expense, ii income and franchise tax expense, iii depreciation and amortization, iv any non-cash charges and/or losses (including any impairment charge or asset write-off or write-down (including related to intangible assets (including goodwill), long-lived assets, and investments in debt and equity securities)), v except to the extent added back pursuant to the foregoing clause (iv), unusual, non-recurring or exceptional expenses, losses or charges (including any unusual, non-recurring or exceptional operating expenses, losses or charges directly attributable to the implementation of cost savings initiatives), severance, relocation costs, integration and facilities opening costs and other business optimization expenses and operating improvements (including related to new product introductions), systems development and establishment costs, recruiting fees, signing costs, retention or completion bonuses, transition costs, costs related to closure/consolidation of facilities, internal costs in respect of strategic initiatives and curtailments or modifications to pension and post-retirement employee benefit plans (including any settlement of pension liabilities), contract terminations and professional and consulting fees incurred in connection with any of the foregoing, provided that the aggregate amount of expenses, losses and charges added back pursuant to this clause (v) for any applicable period A shall not exceed 10 of EBITDA for such period and B when combined with any amounts added back pursuant to clauses (vi) and (vii) below for such period, shall not exceed 20 of EBITDA for such period (before giving effect to any amounts added back pursuant to this clause (v) and such clauses (vi) and (vii), but without giving effect to any proviso contained in this clause (v) or such clauses (vi) and (vii)), vi except to the extent added back pursuant to the foregoing clause (iv), expected pro forma run rate cost savings, operational expense reductions, other operating improvements or synergies related to any acquisitions, mergers and other business combinations, divestitures, restructurings, or other initiatives after the Closing Date, in each case projected by the Borrower in good faith to be realized as the result of actions taken or with respect to which substantial steps have been taken (in the good faith determination of the Borrower) within 18 months after such transaction or initiative is consummated, net of the amount of actual benefits realized during such period from such actions, provided that A such run rate cost savings, expense reductions, improvements and synergies are reasonably identifiable and factually supportable (in the good faith determination of the Borrower) and certified by the chief financial officer or other Responsible Officer of the Borrower, and B the aggregate amount of run rate cost savings, expense reductions, improvements and synergies added back pursuant to this clause (vi) for any applicable period I shall not exceed 10 of EBITDA for such period and II when combined with any amounts added back pursuant to clause (v) above and clause (vii) below for such period, shall not exceed 20 of EBITDA for such period (before giving effect to any amounts added back pursuant to this clause (vi) and such clauses (v) and (vii), but without giving effect to any proviso contained in this clause (vi) or such clauses (v) and (vii)), vii except to the extent added back pursuant to the foregoing clause (iv), restructuring charges, accruals or reserves (including restructuring and integration costs related to acquisitions and adjustments to existing reserves), whether or not classified as a restructuring expense on the consolidated financial statements, provided that the aggregate amount of restructuring charges, accruals or reserves added back pursuant to this clause (vii) for any applicable period A shall not exceed 10 of EBITDA for such period and B when combined with any amounts added back pursuant to clauses (v) and (vi) above for such period, shall not exceed 20 of EBITDA for such period (before giving effect to any amounts added 
 13 

 back pursuant to this clause (vii) and such clauses (v) and (vi), but without giving effect to any proviso contained in this clause (vii) or such clauses (v) and (vi)), viii non-controlling or minority interest expense consisting of income attributable to third parties in non-wholly owned subsidiaries, ix accruals, payments, fees, costs, charges and expenses with respect to any transaction not prohibited by this Agreement, including, without limitation, permitted dispositions, investments, issuance of equity interests or indebtedness or early extinguishment of indebtedness, hedging agreements or other derivative instruments, in each case whether or not consummated, x earn-out and contingent consideration obligations (including to the extent accounted for as bonuses or otherwise) and adjustments thereof and purchase price adjustments, in each case in connection with acquisitions or Investments and xi losses or discounts on sales of receivables and related assets in connection with any receivables financings. EBITDA shall be calculated on a pro forma basis to give effect to a any Acquisition by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries consummated at any time on or after the first day of a Computation Period as if such Acquisition had been consummated on the first day of such Computation Period and b any Disposition or discontinuance of operations by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries consummated at any time on or after the first day of a Computation Period as if such Disposition or discontinuance had been consummated on the first day of such Computation Period. EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any credit institution or investment firm established in an EEA Member Country. Eligible Assignee means any Person that meets the requirements to be an assignee under Section 10.06(b)(iii) and (v) (subject to such consents, if any, as may be required under Section 10.06(b)(iii) ). Environmental Claim means all claims, however asserted, by any governmental, regulatory or judicial authority or other Person alleging potential liability or responsibility for violation of any Environmental Law, or for release or injury to the environment. Environmental Laws means any and all Federal, state, local, and foreign statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, interpretations, orders, decrees, permits, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses, agreements or governmental restrictions relating to pollution and the protection of human health and safety, the environment and natural resources or the release of any materials into the environment, including those related to hazardous substances or wastes, air emissions and discharges to waste or public systems. Environmental Liability means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental 
 14 

 Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. Equity Interests means, with respect to any Person, all of the shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person or warrants, rights or options for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of such shares (or such other interests), and all of the other ownership or profit interests in such Person (including partnership, member or trust interests therein), whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such shares, warrants, options, rights or other interests are outstanding on any date of determination. ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control with the Borrower within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code for purposes of provisions relating to Section 412 of the Code). ERISA Event means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan; (b) the withdrawal of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which such entity was a substantial employer as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (c) a complete or partial withdrawal by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan or notification that a Multiemployer Plan is in reorganization; (d) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate or the treatment of a Pension Plan amendment as a termination under Section 4041 or 4041A of ERISA; (e) the institution by the PBGC of proceedings to terminate a Pension Plan; (f) any event or condition which constitutes grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan; (g) the determination that any Pension Plan is considered an at-risk plan or a plan in endangered or critical status within the meaning of Sections 430, 431 and 432 of the Code or Sections 303, 304 and 305 of ERISA; or (h) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate. Erroneous Payment has the meaning specified in Section 9.13(a) . Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment has the meaning specified in Section 9.13(b) . Erroneous Payment Impacted Class has the meaning specified in Section 9.13(b) Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency has the meaning specified in Section 9.13(b) . EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. Event of Default has the meaning specified in Section 8.01 . 
 15 

 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Excluded Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor, any Swap Obligation if, and only to the extent that, all or a portion of the guaranty of such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a security interest to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any guaranty thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof), including by virtue of such Guarantor s failure for any reason to constitute an eligible contract participant as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder at the time the guaranty of such Guarantor or the grant of such security interest becomes effective with respect to such Swap Obligation. If a Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to swaps for which such guaranty or security interest is or becomes illegal. Excluded Taxes means, with respect to the Administrative Agent, any Lender, the L/C Issuer or any other recipient of any payment made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder or under any other Loan Document, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by its overall net income (however denominated), and franchise Taxes imposed on it (in lieu of net income Taxes), by the jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof) under the Laws of which such recipient is organized or in which its principal office is located or, in the case of any Lender, in which its applicable Lending Office is located, (b) any branch profits Taxes imposed by the United States or any similar Tax imposed by any other jurisdiction in which the Borrower is located, (c) any backup withholding Tax that is required by the Code to be withheld from amounts payable to a Lender that has failed to comply with clause (A) of Section 3.01(e)(ii) , (d) in the case of a Foreign Lender (other than an assignee pursuant to a request by the Borrower under Section 10.13 ), any United States withholding Tax that (i) is imposed on amounts payable to such Foreign Lender pursuant to the Laws in force at the time such Foreign Lender becomes a party hereto (or designates a new Lending Office) or (ii) is attributable to such Foreign Lender s failure or inability (other than as a result of a Change in Law) to comply with clause (B) of Section 3.01(e)(ii) , except to the extent that such Foreign Lender (or its assignor, if any) was entitled, at the time of designation of a new Lending Office (or assignment), to receive additional amounts from the Borrower with respect to such withholding Tax pursuant to Section 3.01(a)(ii) or (c) , and (e) any United States withholding Tax imposed pursuant to FATCA. Existing Credit Agreement means that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of April 12, 2011, among AAR Corp., the lenders from time to time party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as amended from time to time. Existing Letters of Credit means those letters of credit set forth on Schedule 2.04(b) which shall be deemed to have been issued pursuant to the terms and conditions hereof and shall constitute Letters of Credit hereunder. Fair Market Value means, at any time and with respect to any property, the sale value of such property that would be realized in an arm s-length sale at such time between an informed and willing buyer and an informed and willing seller (neither being under a compulsion to buy or sell). FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices 
 16 

 adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such Sections of the Code. Federal Funds Rate means, for any day, the rate per annum equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on the Business Day next succeeding such day, provided that if such rate is not so published for any day which is a Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be the average of the quotation for such day on such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by the Administrative Agent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Federal Funds Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. Fee Letter means the amended and restated letter agreement, dated as of the date hereof, among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Arranger. Fiscal Quarter means a fiscal quarter of a Fiscal Year. Fiscal Year means the fiscal year of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, which period shall be the 12-month period ending on May 31st of each year. References to a Fiscal Year with a number corresponding to any calendar year (e.g., Fiscal Year 2022 refer to the Fiscal Year ending on May 31st of such calendar year. Floor means a rate of interest equal to 0.00 . Foreign Lender means (a) if the Borrower is a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code, a Lender that is not a United States person and (b) if the Borrower is not a United States person , a Lender that is resident or organized under the Laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is resident for tax purposes (including such a Lender when acting in the capacity of the L/C Issuer). For purposes of this definition, the United States, each State thereof and the District of Columbia shall be deemed to constitute a single jurisdiction. FRB means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States. Fronting Exposure means, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender, (a) with respect to the L/C Issuer, such Defaulting Lender s Applicable Percentage of the outstanding L/C Obligations other than L/C Obligations as to which such Defaulting Lender s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof, and (b) with respect to the Swing Line Lender, such Defaulting Lender s Applicable Percentage of Swing Line Loans other than Swing Line Loans as to which such Defaulting Lender s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof. Fund means any Person (other than a natural Person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities. GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or such other principles as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession in the 
 17 

 United States, that are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination, consistently applied. Governmental Authority means the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). Guarantee means, as to any Person, (a) any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such Person guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Debt or other obligation payable or performable by another Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of such Person, direct or indirect, (i) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Debt or other obligation, (ii) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the obligee in respect of such Debt or other obligation of the payment or performance of such Debt or other obligation, (iii) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity or level of income or cash flow of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Debt or other obligation, or (iv) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the obligee in respect of such Debt or other obligation of the payment or performance thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part), or (b) any Lien on any assets of such Person securing any Debt or other obligation of any other Person, whether or not such Debt or other obligation is assumed by such Person (or any right, contingent or otherwise, of any holder of such Debt to obtain any such Lien). The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith. The term Guarantee as a verb has a corresponding meaning. Guarantors means, collectively, each existing and future direct and indirect Significant Subsidiary that is a Domestic Subsidiary and each other Domestic Subsidiary that from time to time shall upon the request of the Borrower become a party to the Guaranty. Guaranty means the Guaranty made by the Guarantors in favor of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, substantially in the form of Exhibit G . Hazardous Materials means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law. Hedging Agreement means any interest rate, currency or commodity swap agreement, cap agreement or collar agreement, and any other agreement or arrangement designed to protect a Person against fluctuations in interest rates, currency exchange rates or commodity prices. Hedging Obligation means, with respect to any Person, any liability of such Person under any Hedging Agreement. Hedging Termination Value means, in respect of any one or more Hedging Agreements, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Hedging Agreements, (a) for any date on or after the date such Hedging Agreements have been closed out and 
 18 

 termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Hedging Agreements, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Hedging Agreements (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender). Impacted Loans has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(a) . Indemnified Taxes means Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder or under any other Loan Document. Indemnitees has the meaning specified in Section 10.04(b) . Information has the meaning specified in Section 10.07 . Interest Coverage Ratio means, for any Computation Period, the ratio of (a) the total for such period of EBITDA for the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries to (b) the total for such period of required payments of cash Interest Expense by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries. Interest Expense means for any period the consolidated net interest expense of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period (including all imputed interest on Capital Leases). Interest Payment Date means, (a) as to any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to such Loan and the Maturity Date; provided , however , that if any Interest Period for a SOFR Loan exceeds three months, the respective dates that fall every three months after the beginning of such Interest Period shall also be Interest Payment Dates; and (b) as to any Base Rate Loan (including a Swing Line Loan), the last Business Day of each calendar month and the Maturity Date. Interest Period means, as to each SOFR Loan, the period commencing on the date such SOFR Loan is disbursed or (in the case of any SOFR Committed Loan) converted to or continued as a SOFR Loan and ending on the date one, three or six months thereafter, as selected by the Borrower in its Committed Loan Notice; provided that: (i) any Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless, in the case of a SOFR Loan, such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day; (ii) any Interest Period pertaining to a SOFR Loan that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period; and (iii) no Interest Period shall extend beyond the Maturity Date. Investment means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect acquisition or investment by such Person, whether by means of (a) the purchase or other acquisition of Equity Interest of another Person, (b) a loan, advance or capital contribution to, or Guarantee or assumption of Debt of, another Person or 
 19 

 (c) the purchase or other acquisition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of assets of another Person that constitute a business unit. For purposes of covenant compliance, the amount of any Investment shall be the amount actually invested, without adjustment for subsequent increases or decreases in the value of such Investment. IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. ISP means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the International Standby Practices 1998 published by the Institute of International Banking Law Practice, Inc. (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance). Issuer Documents means with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Letter of Credit Application, and any other document, agreement and instrument entered into by the L/C Issuer and the Borrower (or any Subsidiary) or in favor of the L/C Issuer and relating to such Letter of Credit. Laws means, collectively, all international, foreign, Federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law. L/C Advance means, with respect to each Lender, such Lender s funding of its participation in any L/C Borrowing in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. L/C Borrowing means an extension of credit resulting from a drawing under any Letter of Credit which has not been reimbursed on the date when made or refinanced as a Committed Borrowing. L/C Credit Extension means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the issuance thereof or extension of the expiry date thereof, or the increase of the amount thereof. L/C Issuer means Wells Fargo, Bank of America, N.A., or another Lender designated by the Borrower and approved by the Administrative Agent, in its capacity as issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, or any successor issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder. L/C Obligations means, as at any date of determination, the aggregate amount available to be drawn under all outstanding Letters of Credit plus the aggregate of all Unreimbursed Amounts, including all L/C Borrowings. For purposes of computing the amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.06 . For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Rule 3.14 of the ISP, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding in the amount so remaining available to be drawn. Lender has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto and, as the context requires, includes the Swing Line Lender. Lending Office means, as to any Lender, the office or offices of such Lender described as such in such Lender s Administrative Questionnaire, or such other office or offices as a Lender may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
 20 

 Letter of Credit means any commercial letter of credit or any standby letter of credit issued hereunder and shall include the Existing Letters of Credit. Letter of Credit Application means an application and agreement for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit in the form from time to time in use by the L/C Issuer. Letter of Credit Expiration Date means the day that is seven days prior to the Maturity Date then in effect (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next preceding Business Day). Letter of Credit Fee has the meaning specified in Section 2.04(h) . Letter of Credit Sublimit means an amount equal to 75,000,000. The Letter of Credit Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Aggregate Commitments. Letter of Credit Sublimit Amount means, with respect to each L/C Issuer, the commitment of such L/C Issuer to issue Letters of Credit hereunder. The initial amount of each L/C Issuer s Letter of Credit Sublimit Amount is set forth on Schedule 2.04(a) , or if an L/C Issuer has entered into an Assignment and Assumption or has otherwise assumed a Letter of Credit Sublimit Amount after the Closing Date, the amount set forth for such L/C Issuer as its Letter of Credit Sublimit Amount in the Register maintained by the Administrative Agent. The Letter of Credit Sublimit Amount of an L/C Issuer may be modified from time to time by agreement between such L/C Issuer and the Borrower, and notified to the Administrative Agent. Lien means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, or preference, priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement in the nature of a security interest of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to real property, and any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing). Loan means an extension of credit by a Lender to the Borrower under Article II in the form of a Committed Loan or a Swing Line Loan. Loan Documents means this Agreement, including schedules and exhibits hereto, each Note, each Issuer Document, any agreement creating or perfecting rights in Cash Collateral pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.17 of this Agreement, the Fee Letter, and the Guaranty and any amendments, modifications or supplements hereto or to any other Loan Document or waivers hereof or to any other Loan Document. Loan Parties means, collectively, the Borrower and each Guarantor. Material means material in relation to the business, operations, affairs, financial condition, assets, properties or prospects of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole. Material Adverse Effect means (a) a material adverse change in, or a material adverse effect upon, the financial condition, operations, assets, business, or properties of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole; (b) a material impairment of the ability of the Borrower to perform any of the obligations under any Loan Document to which it is a party; or (c) a material adverse effect upon the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability against the Borrower of any Loan Document to which it is a party. 
 21 

 Maturity Date means December 14, 2027; provided , however , that if such date is not a Business Day, the Maturity Date shall be the next preceding Business Day. Multiemployer Plan means any employee benefit plan of the type described in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions, or during the preceding five plan years, has made or been obligated to make contributions. Multiple Employer Plan means a Plan which has two or more contributing sponsors (including the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate) at least two of whom are not under common control, as such a plan is described in Section 4064 of ERISA. Net Proceeds Amount means, with respect to any Transfer of any property by any Person, an amount equal to the difference of (a) the aggregate amount of the consideration (valued at the Fair Market Value of such consideration at the time of the consummation of such Transfer) received by such Person in respect of such Transfer, minus (b) all ordinary and reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses actually incurred by such Person in connection with such Transfer. Non-Consenting Lender has the meaning specified in Section 10.13 . Nonrecourse Debt means any Debt of any Person which, by the terms thereof, does not represent a claim against any general assets or revenues of such Person other than the specific assets that are subject to a Lien securing such Debt. Note means a promissory note made by the Borrower in favor of a Lender evidencing Loans made by such Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit D . Notice of Committed Loan Prepayment means a notice of prepayment with respect to a Committed Loan, which shall be in such form as may be approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer. Obligations means all obligations (monetary (including post-petition interest, allowed or not) or otherwise) of the Borrower and other Loan Parties under this Agreement and any other Loan Document including Attorney Costs and any reimbursement obligations of the Borrower in respect of Letters of Credit and surety bonds, all Hedging Obligations permitted hereunder which are owed to any Lender or its Affiliate or the Administrative Agent, and all Bank Products Obligations, all in each case howsoever created, arising or evidenced, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, now or hereafter existing, or due or to become due, provided that the Obligations shall exclude any Excluded Swap Obligations. OFAC means the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control, and any successor thereto. Operating Leases means any lease of (or other agreement conveying the right to use) any real or personal property by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, as lessee, other than any Capital Lease. Organization Documents means, (a) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction); (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of 
 22 

 formation or organization and operating agreement; and (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or organization and any agreement, instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any certificate or articles of formation or organization of such entity. Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes arising from any payment made hereunder or under any other Loan Document or from the execution, delivery or enforcement of, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except any such Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment pursuant to a request by the Borrower under Section 10.13). Outstanding Amount means (i) with respect to Committed Loans and Swing Line Loans on any date, the aggregate outstanding principal amount thereof after giving effect to any borrowings and prepayments or repayments of Committed Loans and Swing Line Loans, as the case may be, occurring on such date; and (ii) with respect to any L/C Obligations on any date, the amount of such L/C Obligations on such date after giving effect to any L/C Credit Extension occurring on such date and any other changes in the aggregate amount of the L/C Obligations as of such date, including as a result of any reimbursements by the Borrower of Unreimbursed Amounts. Overnight Rate means, for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Rate and (b) an overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. Participant has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(d) . Payment Recipient has the meaning specified in Section 9.13(a) . PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. Pension Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (including a Multiple Employer Plan or a Multiemployer Plan) that is maintained or is contributed to by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate and is either covered by Title IV of ERISA or is subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Code. Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning assigned thereto in the definition of Term SOFR . Permitted Receivables Transactions means any sale of notes or accounts receivable by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary so long as such sale constitutes a true sale under GAAP and recourse to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with such sale is limited to (a) the retained portion of the notes or accounts receivable or (b) such other recourse as the Borrower determines in good faith (which determination shall be conclusive) is customary or otherwise necessary or advisable in connection with such transaction. Person means any natural person, corporation, firm, joint venture, partnership, limited liability company, association, enterprise, trust or other entity or organization, or any government or political subdivision or any agency, department or instrumentality thereof. 
 23 

 Plan means any employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA (including a Pension Plan), maintained for employees of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate or any such Plan to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is required to contribute on behalf of any of its employees. Platform has the meaning specified in Section 10.02(b) . Prime Rate means, at any time, the rate of interest per annum publicly announced from time to time by the Administrative Agent as its prime rate. Each change in the Prime Rate shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of such change. The parties hereto acknowledge that the rate announced publicly by the Administrative Agent as its prime rate is an index or base rate and shall not necessarily be its lowest or best rate charged to its customers or other banks. Property Reinvestment Application means, with respect to any Transfer of property, the application of an amount equal to the Net Proceeds Amount with respect to such Transfer to acquire, develop or maintain assets used in the ordinary course of the Borrower s or Restricted Subsidiaries business. PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. Register has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(c) . Related Parties means, with respect to any Person, such Person s Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees and advisors of such Person and of such Person s Affiliates. Relevant Governmental Body means the FRB or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the FRB or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. Reportable Event means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than events for which the 30 day notice period has been waived. Request for Credit Extension means (a) with respect to a Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Committed Loans, a Committed Loan Notice, (b) with respect to an L/C Credit Extension, a Letter of Credit Application, and (c) with respect to a Swing Line Loan, a Swing Line Loan Notice. Required Lenders means, as of any date of determination, not less than three Lenders having more than 50 of the Aggregate Commitments or, if the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and the obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions have been terminated pursuant to Section 8.02 , not less than three Lenders holding in the aggregate more than 50 of the Total Outstandings (with the aggregate amount of each Lender s risk participation and funded participation in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans being deemed held by such Lender for purposes of this definition); provided that the Commitment of, and the portion of the Total Outstandings held or deemed held by, any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Lenders. Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 24 

 Responsible Officer means the chief executive officer, the chief financial officer, the president and chief operating officer, the chief accounting officer, the treasurer or the assistant treasurer of a Loan Party and solely for purposes of the delivery of incumbency certificates pursuant to Section 4.01 , the secretary or any assistant secretary of a Loan Party and, solely for purposes of notices given pursuant to Article II, any other officer or employee of the applicable Loan Party so designated by any of the foregoing officers in a notice to the Administrative Agent or any other officer or employee of the applicable Loan Party designated in or pursuant to an agreement between the applicable Loan Party and the Administrative Agent. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or other action on the part of such Loan Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party. Restricted Payment means any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any capital stock or other Equity Interest of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such capital stock or other Equity Interest, or on account of any return of capital to the Borrower s stockholders, partners or members (or the equivalent Person thereof). Restricted Subsidiary means each Subsidiary of the Borrower other than an Unrestricted Subsidiary. Restricted Subsidiary Stock means, with respect to any Person, the stock (or any options or warrants to purchase stock or other Equity Interests exchangeable for or convertible into stock) of any Restricted Subsidiary of such Person. Sanctioned Country means, at any time, any country or territory which is itself the subject or target of any comprehensive Sanctions. Sanctioned Person means, at any time, (a) any Person or group listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by OFAC or the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or any EU member state, (b) any Person or group operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country, (c) any agency, political subdivision or instrumentality of the government of a Sanctioned Country, or (d) any Person owned or Controlled, directly or indirectly, by any of the above. Sanctions means economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by OFAC or the U.S. Department of State or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or Her Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom. SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions. SEC Filings means, as at any date, the Borrower s Annual Report on Form 10-K prepared in compliance with the requirements therefor and filed with the SEC most recently prior to such date, and all of the Borrower s Quarterly Reports on Forms 10-Q and/or other reports, including on Form 8-K, in each case prepared in compliance with the requirements therefor and filed with the SEC since the date of such Form 10-K filing. 
 25 

 Significant Subsidiary means at any time any Restricted Subsidiary which accounts for more than (i) 10 of the Consolidated Assets of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries or (ii) 10 of the consolidated revenue of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries; provided , however , that if no single Restricted Subsidiary qualifies as a Significant Subsidiary under clauses (i) or (ii), but two or more Restricted Subsidiaries, when taken together, account for more than 10 of the Consolidated Assets or the consolidated revenue of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, then the Borrower shall designate Restricted Subsidiaries as Significant Subsidiaries until the remaining Restricted Subsidiaries that have not been so designated account, on an a combined basis, for less than 10 of Consolidated Assets and consolidated revenue for the Borrower and all of the Restricted Subsidiaries. SOFR means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). SOFR Committed Loan means a Committed Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Adjusted Term SOFR. SOFR Loan means a SOFR Committed Loan. Specified Acquisition has the meaning specified in Section 7.13(b) . Subordinated Debt means any Debt of the Borrower that is (i) junior and subordinate in right of payment to the Loans and other Obligations pursuant to subordination provisions that have been approved in writing by the Required Lenders and (ii) has a final maturity no earlier than any of the Loans and a weighted average life to maturity (determined in accordance with standard financial practice) that is no shorter than any of the Loans. Subsidiary of a Person means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other business entity of which a majority of the shares of securities or other interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body (other than securities or interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) are at the time beneficially owned by such Person. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Borrower. Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act. Swing Line Borrowing means a borrowing of a Swing Line Loan pursuant to Section 2.05 . Swing Line Lender means Wells Fargo in its capacity as provider of Swing Line Loans, or any successor swing line lender hereunder. Swing Line Loan has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(a) . Swing Line Loan Notice means a notice of a Swing Line Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.05(b) , which, if in writing, shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit C or such other form as approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic 
 26 

 transmissions system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Swing Line Sublimit means an amount equal to the lesser of (a) 30,000,000 and (b) the Aggregate Commitments. The Swing Line Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Aggregate Commitments. Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. Term SOFR means, (a) for any calculation with respect to a SOFR Loan, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, and (b) for any calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one month on the day (such day, the Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day. Term SOFR Adjustment means a percentage equal to 0.10 per annum, as such percentage may be reduced from time to time pursuant to the immediately succeeding proviso; provided that, if at any time, and from time to time, after the Closing Date the Borrower notifies (which notification shall identify the applicable Subject Agreements (as defined below)) the Administrative Agent that a minimum of ten (10) publicly filed credit agreements (x) for pro rata credit facilities with an aggregate facility size no less than 650,000,000 per agreement, and (y) for borrowers with corporate family ratings of no greater than Ba1 from Moody s or BB+ from S P (or the equivalent prevailing ratings) at the time such agreements are entered into (1) have eliminated or do not include the application of credit spread adjustments for loans thereunder based on a Term SOFR benchmark or (2) have implemented a credit 
 27 

 spread adjustment below the then applicable Term SOFR Adjustment (any such agreements, in each case under the foregoing clause (1) or (2), the Subject Agreements ), then the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Lenders of (and specify) such Subject Agreements (such notification to Lenders, the Term SOFR Adjustment Notification and, so long as the Administrative Agent has not received written notice of objection to the Subject Agreements from Lenders comprising Required Lenders (any such objection notice shall specify the applicable Subject Agreement(s) and set forth in reasonable detail the reasons such Lenders believe any applicable Subject Agreements do not meet the criteria set forth in the immediately preceding clauses (x) and (y)) within five (5) Business Days after the date of such Term SOFR Adjustment Notification, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall reduce (and the Lenders hereby authorize and consent to such reduction) the Term SOFR Adjustment to 0.00 (or such other percentage to which the Term SOFR Adjustment may be reduced pursuant to the immediately preceding clause (y)(2), as the case may be) for all tenors with respect to Base Rate Loans and SOFR Loans hereunder on the seventh (7th) Business Day after the date of such Term SOFR Adjustment Notification. If Lenders comprising Required Lenders have objected to one or more Subject Agreements, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Lenders thereof and the Borrower may submit a revised Term SOFR Adjustment Notification with additional or replacement Subject Agreements, which revised Term SOFR Adjustment Notification shall be subject to the procedures set forth above. Notwithstanding anything set forth herein, the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible or have any liability for, or have any duty to ascertain, inquire into, or monitor publicly filed credit agreements to determine whether any credit agreements meet the criteria set forth above for Subject Agreements. Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Administrative Agent and reasonably acceptable to the Borrower). Term SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. Total Debt means all Debt (other than Nonrecourse Debt) of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis, excluding (a) Contingent Liabilities in respect of Debt of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, (b) Hedging Obligations, and (c) Debt of the Borrower to Restricted Subsidiaries and Debt of Restricted Subsidiaries to the Borrower or to other Restricted Subsidiaries (including all offsetting debits and credits between the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries and all other items required to be eliminated in the course of preparing consolidated financial statements for the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP). Total Outstandings means the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Loans and all L/C Obligations. Transfer means, with respect to any Person, any transaction in which such Person sells, conveys, transfers or leases (as lessor) any of its property, including Restricted Subsidiary Stock. For purposes of determining the application of the Net Proceeds Amount in respect of any Transfer, the Borrower may designate any Transfer as one or more separate Transfers each yielding a separate Net Proceeds Amount. In any such case, the Disposition Value of any property subject to each such separate Transfer shall be determined by ratably allocating the aggregate Disposition Value of all property subject to all such separate Transfers to each such separate Transfer on a proportionate basis. Type means with respect to a Committed Loan, its character as a Base Rate Loan or a SOFR Loan. 
 28 

 UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. Unfunded Liability means the amount (if any) by which the present value of all vested and unvested accrued benefits under all Pension Plans exceeds the fair market value of all assets allocable to those benefits, all determined as of the then most recent valuation date for each Pension Plan, based on the actuarial assumptions currently being used for funding each Pension Plan on an on-going basis. United States and U.S. mean the United States of America. Unreimbursed Amount has the meaning specified in Section 2.04(c)(i) . Unrestricted Cash means, on any date, that portion of the Borrower s and its domestic Restricted Subsidiaries cash and Cash Equivalent Investments held with any Lender in excess of 10,000,000 that is not encumbered by or subject to any Lien (including Liens permitted hereunder), setoff (other than ordinary course setoff rights of a depository bank arising under a bank depository agreement for customary fees, charges and other account-related expenses due to such depository bank thereunder), counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right in favor of any Person. Unrestricted Subsidiary means each of AAR Aircraft Engine Sales Leasing, Inc., each Subsidiary thereof (the AAR AESL Group ), AAR International Financial Services, L.L.C., each Subsidiary thereof (the AAR IFS Group ), AAR Airlift Group, Inc. and each Subsidiary thereof (the AAR Airlift Group ), and each other Subsidiary of the Borrower designated as such in a written notice to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders by the Borrower; provided , however , that (i) no such designation shall take effect until the receipt of such notice by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, (ii) no such designation shall be made if a Default or Event of Default would result therefrom, and (iii) no such designation shall be made without the Required Lenders prior written consent if, after giving effect to such designation on a pro forma basis, EBITDA for the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, would be reduced by more than 10 of consolidated EBITDA for the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries for the four Fiscal Quarter period immediately preceding the Fiscal Quarter in which such designation is made. If at any time a Subsidiary that is designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary represents (i) more that 10 of the consolidated assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or (ii) more than 10 of the consolidated revenue of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, such Unrestricted Subsidiary shall automatically be redesignated as a Restricted Subsidiary; provided , however , that this sentence shall not apply to any Subsidiary that is a part of the AAR AESL Group, the AAR IFS Group or the AAR Airlift Group. U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United 
 29 

 States government securities; provided , that for purposes of notice requirements related to advances, repayments and notices of conversion/continuation of loans, such day is also a Business Day. Wells Fargo means Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. and its successors. Wholly-Owned Restricted Subsidiary means a Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower that is a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary. Wholly-Owned Subsidiary means, as to any Person, a Subsidiary all of the Equity Interests of which (except directors qualifying Equity Interests) are at the time directly or indirectly owned by such Person and/or another Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of such Person. Write-Down and Conversion Powers means (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 1.02 Other Interpretive Provisions . With reference to this Agreement and each other Loan Document, unless otherwise specified herein or in such other Loan Document: (a) The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall . Unless the context requires otherwise, (i) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document (including any Organization Document) shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein or in any other Loan Document), (ii) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns, (iii) the words hereto , herein , hereof and hereunder , and words of similar import when used in any Loan Document, shall be construed to refer to such Loan Document in its entirety and not to any particular provision thereof, (iv) all references in a Loan Document to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, the Loan Document in which such references appear, (v) any reference to any law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing or interpreting such law and any reference to any law, rule or regulation shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such law, rule or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, and (vi) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. (b) In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including ; the words to and until each mean to but excluding ; and the word through means to and including . 
 30 

 (c) Section headings herein and in the other Loan Documents are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. (d) Any reference herein to a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, consolidation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, shall be deemed to apply to a division of or by a limited liability company, or an allocation of assets to a series of a limited liability company (or the unwinding of such a division or allocation), as if it were a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, consolidation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, as applicable, to, of or with a separate Person. Any division of a limited liability company shall constitute a separate Person hereunder (and each division of any limited liability company that is a Subsidiary, joint venture or any other like term shall also constitute such a Person or entity). 1.03 Accounting Terms . (a) Generally . All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP applied on a consistent basis, as in effect from time to time, applied in a manner consistent with that used in preparing the Audited Financial Statements, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein. (b) Changes in GAAP . If the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrower wishes to amend any covenant in Section 6 or Section 7.11 (or any related definition) to eliminate or to take into account the effect of any change in GAAP on the operation of such covenant (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders wish to amend Section 6 or Section 7.13 (or any related definition) for such purpose), then the Borrower s compliance with such covenant shall be determined on the basis of GAAP in effect immediately before the relevant change in GAAP became effective, until either such notice is withdrawn or such covenant (or related definition) is amended in a manner satisfactory to the Borrower and the Required Lenders. Without limiting the foregoing, leases shall continue to be classified and accounted for on a basis consistent with that reflected in the Audited Financial Statements for purposes of calculating the financial covenants in Section 7.13, notwithstanding any change in GAAP relating thereto, unless the parties hereto shall enter into a mutually acceptable amendment addressing such changes. 1.04 Rounding . Any financial ratios required to be maintained by the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to three places more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearest number). 1.05 Times of Day . Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to Central time (daylight or standard, as applicable). 1.06 Letter of Credit Amounts . Unless otherwise specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the stated amount of such Letter of Credit in effect at such time; provided , however , that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any Issuer Document related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the stated amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the maximum stated amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum stated amount is in effect at 
 31 

 such time and provided further that the amount of any Letter of Credit and of any L/C Obligations with respect to any Letter of Credit issued in a currency other than Dollars is such amount calculated on the basis of the arithmetical mean of the buy and sell spot rates of exchange of the Administrative Agent for such currency on the London market at 11:00 a.m. London time on or as of the most recent date of computation of such amount by the Administrative Agent. 1.07 Interest Rates . The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, (a) the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR, or any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, or with respect to any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement), as it may or may not be adjusted pursuant to Section 3.03(c) , will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or (b) the effect, implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its Affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR, any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto and such transactions may be adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, or Term SOFR, or any other Benchmark, any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. In connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR, the Administrative Agent will, in consultation with the Borrower, have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR. 1.08 Divisions . For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law with respect to any Person that is a limited liability company formed under Delaware law (or any comparable event under the applicable laws of any other relevant jurisdiction): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence as a result of such division or plan of division (or such other comparable event), such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized and acquired on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time. 
 32 

 ARTICLE II. THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 2.01 Committed Loans . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender severally agrees to make loans (each such loan, a Committed Loan to the Borrower from time to time, on any Business Day during the Availability Period, in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of such Lender s Commitment; provided , however , that after giving effect to any Committed Borrowing, (i) the Total Outstandings shall not exceed the Aggregate Commitments, and (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Committed Loans of any Lender, plus such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations, plus such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all Swing Line Loans shall not exceed such Lender s Commitment. Within the limits of each Lender s Commitment, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Borrower may borrow under this Section 2.01 , prepay under Section 2.06 , and reborrow under this Section 2.01 . Committed Loans may be Base Rate Loans or SOFR Loans, as further provided herein. 2.02 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Committed Loans . (a) Each Committed Borrowing, each conversion of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, and each continuation of SOFR Committed Loans shall be made upon the Borrower s irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent, which may be given by (A) telephone or (B) a Committed Loan Notice; provided that any telephonic notice must be confirmed promptly by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Committed Loan Notice. Each such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. (i) three Business Days prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of SOFR Committed Loans or of any conversion of SOFR Committed Loans to Base Rate Committed Loans, and (ii) on the requested date of any Borrowing of Base Rate Committed Loans. Each telephonic notice by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.02(a) must be confirmed promptly by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a written Committed Loan Notice, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Each Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of SOFR Committed Loans shall be in a principal amount of 5,000,000 or a whole multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof. Except as provided in Sections 2.04(c) and 2.05(c) , each Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Committed Loans shall be in a principal amount of 2,000,000 or a whole multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof. Each Committed Loan Notice (whether telephonic or written) shall specify (i) whether the Borrower is requesting a Committed Borrowing, a conversion of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, or a continuation of SOFR Committed Loans, (ii) the requested date of the Borrowing, conversion or continuation, as the case may be (which shall be a Business Day), (iii) the principal amount of Committed Loans to be borrowed, converted or continued, (iv) the Type of Committed Loans to be borrowed or to which existing Committed Loans are to be converted, and (v) if applicable, the duration of the Interest Period with respect thereto. If the Borrower fails to specify a Type of Committed Loan in a Committed Loan Notice or if the Borrower fails to give a timely notice requesting a conversion or continuation, then the applicable Committed Loans shall be made as, or converted to, Base Rate Loans. Any such automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans shall be effective as of the last day of the Interest Period then in effect with respect to the applicable SOFR Committed Loans. If the Borrower requests a Borrowing of, conversion to, or continuation of SOFR Committed Loans in any such Committed Loan Notice, but fails to specify an Interest Period, it will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one month. (b) Following receipt of a Committed Loan Notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the amount of its Applicable Percentage of the applicable Committed Loans, and if no timely notice of a conversion or continuation is provided by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent 
 33 

 shall notify each Lender of the details of any automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans described in the preceding subsection. In the case of a Committed Borrowing, each Lender shall make the amount of its Committed Loan available to the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds at the Administrative Agent s Office not later than 1:00 p.m. on the Business Day specified in the applicable Committed Loan Notice. Upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (and, if such Borrowing is the initial Credit Extension, Section 4.01 ), the Administrative Agent shall make all funds so received available to the Borrower in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent either by (i) crediting the account of the Borrower on the books of Wells Fargo with the amount of such funds or (ii) wire transfer of such funds, in each case in accordance with instructions provided to (and reasonably acceptable to) the Administrative Agent by the Borrower; provided , however , that if, on the date the Committed Loan Notice with respect to such Borrowing is given by the Borrower, there are L/C Borrowings outstanding, then the proceeds of such Borrowing, first , shall be applied to the payment in full of any such L/C Borrowings, and second , shall be made available to the Borrower as provided above. (c) Except as otherwise provided herein, a SOFR Committed Loan may be continued or converted only on the last day of an Interest Period for such SOFR Committed Loan. During the existence of a Default, no Loans may be requested as, converted to or continued as SOFR Committed Loans without the consent of the Required Lenders. (d) The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the interest rate applicable to any Interest Period for SOFR Committed Loans upon determination of such interest rate. At any time that Base Rate Loans are outstanding, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders of any change in Wells Fargo s prime rate used in determining the Base Rate promptly following the public announcement of such change. (e) After giving effect to all Committed Borrowings, all conversions of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, and all continuations of Committed Loans as the same Type, there shall not be more than fifteen (15) Interest Periods in effect with respect to Committed Loans. 2.03 [Reserved] . 2.04 Letters of Credit . (a) The Letter of Credit Commitment . (i) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (A) the L/C Issuer agrees, in reliance upon the agreements of the Lenders set forth in this Section 2.04 , (1) from time to time on any Business Day during the period from the Closing Date until the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, to issue Letters of Credit for the account of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries, and to amend Letters of Credit previously issued by it, in accordance with subsection (b) below, and (2) to honor drawings under the Letters of Credit; and (B) the Lenders severally agree to participate in Letters of Credit issued for the account of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries and any drawings thereunder; provided that after giving effect to any L/C Credit Extension with respect to any Letter of Credit, (w) the Total Outstandings shall not exceed the Aggregate Commitments, (x) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Committed Loans of any Lender, plus such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations, plus such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all Swing Line Loans shall not exceed such Lender s Commitment, (y) the Outstanding Amount of the L/C Obligations shall not exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit, and (z) the Outstanding Amount of the L/C Obligations in respect of all 
 34 

 Letters of Credit issued by each L/C Issuer shall not exceed such L/C Issuer s Letter of Credit Sublimit Amount. Each request by the Borrower for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be a representation by the Borrower that the L/C Credit Extension so requested complies with the conditions set forth in the proviso to the preceding sentence. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Borrower s ability to obtain Letters of Credit shall be fully revolving, and accordingly the Borrower may, during the foregoing period, obtain Letters of Credit to replace Letters of Credit that have expired or that have been drawn upon and reimbursed. All Existing Letters of Credit shall be deemed to have been issued pursuant hereto, and from and after the Closing Date shall be subject to and governed by the terms and conditions hereof. (ii) The L/C Issuer shall not issue any Letter of Credit, if: (A) the expiry date of the requested Letter of Credit would occur more than twelve months after the date of issuance, unless the Required Lenders have approved such expiry date; or (B) the expiry date of the requested Letter of Credit would occur after the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, unless all the Lenders have approved such expiry date. (iii) The L/C Issuer shall not be under any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if: (A) any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain the L/C Issuer from issuing the Letter of Credit, or any Law applicable to the L/C Issuer or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over the L/C Issuer shall prohibit, or request that the L/C Issuer refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or the Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon the L/C Issuer with respect to the Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which the L/C Issuer is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose upon the L/C Issuer any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Closing Date and which the L/C Issuer in good faith deems material to it; (B) the issuance of the Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of the L/C Issuer applicable to letters of credit generally; (C) except as otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer, the Letter of Credit is in an initial stated amount less than 10,000; (D) the Letter of Credit is to be denominated in a currency other than Dollars, euros, British pounds sterling or UAE dirhams or a currency in which the applicable L/C Issuer can and is willing to issue Letters of Credit; (E) any Lender is at that time a Defaulting Lender, unless the L/C Issuer has entered into arrangements, including the delivery of Cash Collateral, satisfactory to the L/C Issuer (in its sole discretion) with the Borrower or such Lender to eliminate the L/C Issuer s actual or potential Fronting Exposure (after giving effect to Section 2.18(a)(iv )) with respect to the Defaulting Lender arising from either the Letter of Credit then 
 35 

 proposed to be issued or that Letter of Credit and all other L/C Obligations as to which the L/C Issuer has actual or potential Fronting Exposure, as it may elect in its sole discretion; or (F) the Letter of Credit contains any provisions for automatic reinstatement of the stated amount after any drawing thereunder. (iv) The L/C Issuer shall not amend any Letter of Credit if the L/C Issuer would not be permitted at such time to issue the Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof. (v) The L/C Issuer shall be under no obligation to amend any Letter of Credit if (A) the L/C Issuer would have no obligation at such time to issue the Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof, or (B) the beneficiary of the Letter of Credit does not accept the proposed amendment to the Letter of Credit. (vi) The L/C Issuer shall act on behalf of the Lenders with respect to any Letters of Credit issued by it and the documents associated therewith, and the L/C Issuer shall have all of the benefits and immunities (A) provided to the Administrative Agent in Article IX with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by the L/C Issuer in connection with Letters of Credit issued by it or proposed to be issued by it and Issuer Documents pertaining to such Letters of Credit as fully as if the term Administrative Agent as used in Article IX included the L/C Issuer with respect to such acts or omissions, and (B) as additionally provided herein with respect to the L/C Issuer. (b) Procedures for Issuance and Amendment of Letters of Credit . (i) Each Letter of Credit shall be issued or amended, as the case may be, upon the request of the Borrower delivered to the L/C Issuer (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) in the form of a Letter of Credit Application, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Such Letter of Credit Application must be received by the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. at least two Business Days (or such later date and time as the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer may agree in a particular instance in their sole discretion) prior to the proposed issuance date or date of amendment, as the case may be. In the case of a request for an initial issuance of a Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail satisfactory to the L/C Issuer: (A) the proposed issuance date of the requested Letter of Credit (which shall be a Business Day); (B) the amount thereof; (C) the expiry date thereof; (D) the name and address of the beneficiary thereof; (E) the documents to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; (F) the full text of any certificate to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; (G) the purpose and nature of the requested Letter of Credit; and (H) such other matters as the L/C Issuer may require. In the case of a request for an amendment of any outstanding Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail satisfactory to the L/C Issuer (A) the Letter of Credit to be amended; (B) the proposed date of amendment thereof (which shall be a Business Day); (C) the nature of the proposed amendment; and (D) such other matters as the L/C Issuer may require. Additionally, the Borrower shall furnish to the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent such other documents and information pertaining to such requested Letter of Credit issuance or amendment, including any Issuer Documents, as the L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent may require. 
 36 

 (ii) Promptly after receipt of any Letter of Credit Application, the L/C Issuer will confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) that the Administrative Agent has received a copy of such Letter of Credit Application from the Borrower and, if not, the L/C Issuer will provide the Administrative Agent with a copy thereof. Unless the L/C Issuer has received written notice from any Lender, the Administrative Agent or any Loan Party, at least one Business Day prior to the requested date of issuance or amendment of the applicable Letter of Credit, that one or more applicable conditions contained in Article IV shall not then be satisfied, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the L/C Issuer shall, on the requested date, issue a Letter of Credit for the account of the Borrower (or the applicable Subsidiary) or enter into the applicable amendment, as the case may be, in each case in accordance with the L/C Issuer s usual and customary business practices. Immediately upon the issuance of each Letter of Credit, each Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the L/C Issuer a risk participation in such Letter of Credit in an amount equal to the product of such Lender s Applicable Percentage times the amount of such Letter of Credit. In the event that the L/C Issuer issues a Letter of Credit denominated in a currency other than Dollars, euros, British pounds sterling or UAE dirhams (or amends such a Letter of Credit to increase the stated amount) the L/C Issuer shall promptly notify each Lender of such issuance or amendment. (iii) Promptly after its delivery of any Letter of Credit or any amendment to a Letter of Credit to an advising bank with respect thereto or to the beneficiary thereof, the L/C Issuer will also deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent a true and complete copy of such Letter of Credit or amendment. (c) Drawings and Reimbursements; Funding of Participations . (i) Upon receipt from the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit of any notice of a drawing under such Letter of Credit together with, in the case of a commercial Letter of Credit, a sight draft from the beneficiary, the L/C Issuer shall examine such drawing documents within the period specified by the terms and conditions of such Letter of Credit, and after such examination, the L/C Issuer shall notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent thereof. Not later than 11:00 a.m. on the date of any payment by the L/C Issuer under a Letter of Credit (each such date, an Honor Date ), the Borrower shall reimburse the L/C Issuer through the Administrative Agent in an amount equal to the amount of such drawing as determined by the L/C Issuer. If the Borrower fails to so reimburse the L/C Issuer by such time, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the Honor Date, the amount of the unreimbursed drawing (the Unreimbursed Amount ), and the amount of such Lender s Applicable Percentage thereof. In such event, the Borrower shall be deemed to have requested a Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Loans to be disbursed on the Honor Date in an amount equal to the Unreimbursed Amount, without regard to the minimum and multiples specified in Section 2.02 for the principal amount of Base Rate Loans, but subject to the amount of the unutilized portion of the Aggregate Commitments and the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (other than the delivery of a Committed Loan Notice) as determined by the Administrative Agent. Any notice given by the L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 2.04(c)(i) may be given by telephone if immediately confirmed in writing; provided that the lack of such an immediate confirmation shall not affect the conclusiveness or binding effect of such notice. (ii) Each Lender shall upon any notice pursuant to Section 2.04(c)(i) make funds available (and the Administrative Agent may apply Cash Collateral provided for this purpose) for the account of the L/C Issuer at the Administrative Agent s Office in an amount equal to its 
 37 

 Applicable Percentage of the Unreimbursed Amount not later than 1:00 p.m. on the Business Day specified in such notice by the Administrative Agent, whereupon, subject to the provisions of Section 2.04(c)(iii) , each Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed to have made a Base Rate Committed Loan to the Borrower in such amount. The Administrative Agent shall remit the funds so received to the L/C Issuer. (iii) With respect to any Unreimbursed Amount that is not fully refinanced by a Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Loans because the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 cannot be satisfied or for any other reason, the Borrower shall be deemed to have incurred from the L/C Issuer an L/C Borrowing in the amount of the Unreimbursed Amount that is not so refinanced, which L/C Borrowing shall be due and payable on demand (together with interest) and shall bear interest at the Default Rate. In such event, each Lender s payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.04(c)(ii) shall be deemed payment in respect of its participation in such L/C Borrowing and shall constitute an L/C Advance from such Lender in satisfaction of its participation obligation under this Section 2.04 . (iv) Until each Lender funds its Committed Loan or L/C Advance pursuant to this Section 2.04(c) to reimburse the L/C Issuer for any amount drawn under any Letter of Credit, interest in respect of such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such amount shall be solely for the account of the L/C Issuer. (v) Each Lender s obligation to make Committed Loans or L/C Advances to reimburse the L/C Issuer for amounts drawn under Letters of Credit, as contemplated by this Section 2.04(c) , shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have against the L/C Issuer, the Borrower or any other Person for any reason whatsoever; (B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default, or (C) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing; provided , however , that each Lender s obligation to make Committed Loans pursuant to this Section 2.04(c) is subject to the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (other than delivery by the Borrower of a Committed Loan Notice). No such making of an L/C Advance shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the Borrower to reimburse the L/C Issuer for the amount of any payment made by the L/C Issuer under any Letter of Credit, together with interest as provided herein. (vi) If any Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer any amount required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.04(c) by the time specified in Section 2.04(c)(ii) , then, without limiting the other provisions of this Agreement, the L/C Issuer shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to the L/C Issuer at a rate per annum equal to the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the L/C Issuer in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the L/C Issuer in connection with the foregoing. If such Lender pays such amount (with interest and fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender s Committed Loan included in the relevant Committed Borrowing or L/C Advance in respect of the relevant L/C Borrowing, as the case may be. A certificate of the L/C Issuer submitted to any Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this clause (vi) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 38 

 (d) Repayment of Participations . (i) At any time after the L/C Issuer has made a payment under any Letter of Credit and has received from any Lender such Lender s L/C Advance in respect of such payment in accordance with Section 2.04(c) , if the Administrative Agent receives for the account of the L/C Issuer any payment in respect of the related Unreimbursed Amount or interest thereon (whether directly from the Borrower or otherwise, including proceeds of Cash Collateral applied thereto by the Administrative Agent), the Administrative Agent will distribute to such Lender its Applicable Percentage thereof in the same funds as those received by the Administrative Agent. (ii) If any payment received by the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.04(c)(i) is required to be returned under any of the circumstances described in Section 10.05 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the L/C Issuer in its discretion), each Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer its Applicable Percentage thereof on demand of the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned by such Lender, at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. The obligations of the Lenders under this clause shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. (e) Obligations Absolute . The obligation of the Borrower to reimburse the L/C Issuer for each drawing under each Letter of Credit and to repay each L/C Borrowing shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under all circumstances, including the following: (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of such Letter of Credit, this Agreement, or any other Loan Document; (ii) the existence of any claim, counterclaim, setoff, defense or other right that the Borrower or any Subsidiary may have at any time against any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit (or any Person for whom any such beneficiary or any such transferee may be acting), the L/C Issuer or any other Person, whether in connection with this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby or by such Letter of Credit or any agreement or instrument relating thereto, or any unrelated transaction; (iii) any draft, demand, certificate or other document presented under such Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect; or any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise of any document required in order to make a drawing under such Letter of Credit; (iv) any payment by the L/C Issuer under such Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or certificate that does not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit; or any payment made by the L/C Issuer under such Letter of Credit to any Person purporting to be a trustee in bankruptcy, debtor-in-possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors, liquidator, receiver or other representative of or successor to any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit, including any arising in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law; or 
 39 

 (v) any other circumstance or happening whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, including any other circumstance that might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, the Borrower or any Subsidiary. The Borrower shall promptly examine a copy of each Letter of Credit and each amendment thereto that is delivered to it and, in the event of any claim of noncompliance with the Borrower s instructions or other irregularity, the Borrower will immediately notify the L/C Issuer. The Borrower shall be conclusively deemed to have waived any such claim against the L/C Issuer and its correspondents unless such notice is given as aforesaid. (f) Role of L/C Issuer . Each Lender and the Borrower agree that, in paying any drawing under a Letter of Credit, the L/C Issuer shall not have any responsibility to obtain any document (other than any sight draft, certificates and documents expressly required by the Letter of Credit) or to ascertain or inquire as to the validity or accuracy of any such document or the authority of the Person executing or delivering any such document. None of the L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent, any of their respective Related Parties nor any correspondent, participant or assignee of the L/C Issuer shall be liable to any Lender for (i) any action taken or omitted in connection herewith at the request or with the approval of the Lenders or the Required Lenders, as applicable; (ii) any action taken or omitted in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct; or (iii) the due execution, effectiveness, validity or enforceability of any document or instrument related to any Letter of Credit or Issuer Document. The Borrower hereby assumes all risks of the acts or omissions of any beneficiary or transferee with respect to its use of any Letter of Credit; provided , however , that this assumption is not intended to, and shall not, preclude the Borrower s pursuing such rights and remedies as it may have against the beneficiary or transferee at law or under any other agreement. None of the L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent, any of their respective Related Parties nor any correspondent, participant or assignee of the L/C Issuer shall be liable or responsible for any of the matters described in clauses (i) through (v) of Section 2.04(e) ; provided , however , that anything in such clauses to the contrary notwithstanding, the Borrower may have a claim against the L/C Issuer, and the L/C Issuer may be liable to the Borrower, to the extent, but only to the extent, of any direct, as opposed to consequential or exemplary, damages suffered by the Borrower which the Borrower proves were caused by the L/C Issuer s willful misconduct or gross negligence or the L/C Issuer s willful failure to pay under any Letter of Credit after the presentation to it by the beneficiary of a sight draft and certificate(s) strictly complying with the terms and conditions of a Letter of Credit. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, the L/C Issuer may accept documents that appear on their face to be in order, without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, and the L/C Issuer shall not be responsible for the validity or sufficiency of any instrument transferring or assigning or purporting to transfer or assign a Letter of Credit or the rights or benefits thereunder or proceeds thereof, in whole or in part, which may prove to be invalid or ineffective for any reason. Each L/C Issuer shall provide to the Administrative Agent a list of outstanding Letters of Credit (together with amounts) issued by it on a monthly basis; the Administrative Agent shall provide a copy of such list to any Lender upon request. (g) Applicability of ISP and UCP . Unless otherwise expressly agreed by the L/C Issuer and the Borrower when a Letter of Credit is issued (including any such agreement applicable to an Existing Letter of Credit), (i) the rules of the ISP shall apply to each standby Letter of Credit, and (ii) the rules of the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, as most recently published by the International Chamber of Commerce at the time of issuance shall apply to each commercial Letter of Credit. 
 40 

 (h) Letter of Credit Fees . The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender in accordance with its Applicable Percentage a Letter of Credit fee (the Letter of Credit Fee for each Letter of Credit equal to the Applicable Rate times the daily amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit; provided , however, any Letter of Credit Fees otherwise payable for the account of a Defaulting Lender with respect to any Letter of Credit as to which such Defaulting Lender has not provided Cash Collateral satisfactory to the L/C Issuer pursuant to this Section 2.04 shall be payable, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable Law, to the other Lenders in accordance with the upward adjustments in their respective Applicable Percentages allocable to such Letter of Credit pursuant to Section 2.18(a)(iv) , with the balance of such fee, if any, payable to the L/C Issuer for its own account. For purposes of computing the daily amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.06 . Letter of Credit Fees shall be (i) due and payable on the first Business Day after the end of each Fiscal Quarter, commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date and thereafter on demand and (ii) computed on a quarterly basis in arrears. If there is any change in the Applicable Rate during any quarter, the daily amount available to be drawn under each standby Letter of Credit shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Rate was in effect. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, upon the request of the Required Lenders, while any Event of Default exists, all Letter of Credit Fees shall accrue at the Default Rate. (i) Fronting Fee and Documentary and Processing Charges Payable to L/C Issuer . The Borrower shall pay directly to the L/C Issuer for its own account a fronting fee with respect to each Letter of Credit, at the rate of 0.125 per annum, computed on the daily amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit on a quarterly basis in arrears. Such fronting fee shall be due and payable on the tenth Business Day after the end of each March, June, September and December in respect of the most recently-ended quarterly period (or portion thereof, in the case of the first payment), commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date and thereafter on demand. For purposes of computing the daily amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.06 . In addition, the Borrower shall pay directly to the L/C Issuer for its own account the customary issuance, presentation, amendment and other processing fees, and other standard costs and charges, of the L/C Issuer relating to letters of credit as from time to time in effect. Such customary fees and standard costs and charges are due and payable on demand and are nonrefundable. (j) Conflict with Issuer Documents . In the event of any conflict between the terms hereof and the terms of any Issuer Document, the terms hereof shall control. (k) Letters of Credit Issued for Subsidiaries . Notwithstanding that a Letter of Credit issued or outstanding hereunder is in support of any obligations of, or is for the account of, a Subsidiary, the Borrower shall be obligated to reimburse the L/C Issuer hereunder for any and all drawings under such Letter of Credit. The Borrower hereby acknowledges that the issuance of Letters of Credit for the account of Subsidiaries inures to the benefit of the Borrower, and that the Borrower s business derives substantial benefit from the businesses of such Subsidiaries. 2.05 Swing Line Loans . (a) The Swing Line . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Swing Line Lender, in reliance upon the agreements of the other Lenders set forth in this Section 2.05 , may in its sole discretion make loans (each such loan, a Swing Line Loan to the Borrower from time to time on any 
 41 

 Business Day during the Availability Period in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of the Swing Line Sublimit, notwithstanding the fact that such Swing Line Loans, when aggregated with the Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of Committed Loans and L/C Obligations of the Lender acting as Swing Line Lender, may exceed the amount of such Lender s Commitment; provided , however , that after giving effect to any Swing Line Loan, (i) the Total Outstandings shall not exceed the Aggregate Commitments, and (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Committed Loans of any Lender, plus such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations, plus such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all Swing Line Loans shall not exceed such Lender s Commitment, and provided , further , that the Borrower shall not use the proceeds of any Swing Line Loan to refinance any outstanding Swing Line Loan. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Borrower may borrow under this Section 2.05 , prepay under Section 2.06 , and reborrow under this Section 2.05 . Each Swing Line Loan shall be a Base Rate Loan. Immediately upon the making of a Swing Line Loan, each Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the Swing Line Lender a risk participation in such Swing Line Loan in an amount equal to the product of such Lender s Applicable Percentage times the amount of such Swing Line Loan. (b) Borrowing Procedures . Each Swing Line Borrowing shall be made upon the Borrower s irrevocable notice to the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent, which may be given by (A) telephone or (B) a Swing Line Loan Notice; provided that any telephonic notice must be confirmed promptly by delivery to the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent of a Swing Line Loan Notice. Each such notice must be received by the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent not later than 1:00 p.m. on the requested borrowing date, and shall specify (i) the amount to be borrowed, which shall be a minimum of 100,000, and (ii) the requested borrowing date, which shall be a Business Day. Each such telephonic notice must be confirmed promptly by delivery to the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent of a written Swing Line Loan Notice, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Promptly after receipt by the Swing Line Lender of any telephonic Swing Line Loan Notice, the Swing Line Lender will confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) that the Administrative Agent has also received such Swing Line Loan Notice and, if not, the Swing Line Lender will notify the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) of the contents thereof. Unless the Swing Line Lender has received notice (by telephone or in writing) from the Administrative Agent (including at the request of any Lender) prior to 2:00 p.m. on the date of the proposed Swing Line Borrowing (A) directing the Swing Line Lender not to make such Swing Line Loan as a result of the limitations set forth in the first proviso to the first sentence of Section 2.05(a) , or (B) that one or more of the applicable conditions specified in Article IV is not then satisfied, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Swing Line Lender will, not later than 3:00 p.m. on the borrowing date specified in such Swing Line Loan Notice, make the amount of its Swing Line Loan available to the Borrower. (c) Refinancing of Swing Line Loans . (i) The Swing Line Lender at any time in its sole discretion may request, on behalf of the Borrower (which hereby irrevocably authorizes the Swing Line Lender to so request on its behalf), that each Lender make a Base Rate Committed Loan in an amount equal to such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the amount of Swing Line Loans then outstanding. Such request shall be made in writing (which written request shall be deemed to be a Committed Loan Notice for purposes hereof) and in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.02 , without regard to the minimum and multiples specified therein for the principal amount of Base Rate Loans, but subject to the unutilized portion of the Aggregate Commitments and the conditions set forth in 
 42 

 Section 4.02 . The Swing Line Lender shall furnish the Borrower with a copy of the applicable Committed Loan Notice promptly after delivering such notice to the Administrative Agent. Each Lender shall make an amount equal to its Applicable Percentage of the amount specified in such Committed Loan Notice available to the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds (and the Administrative Agent may apply Cash Collateral available with respect to the applicable Swing Line Loan) for the account of the Swing Line Lender at the Administrative Agent s Office not later than 1:00 p.m. on the day specified in such Committed Loan Notice, whereupon, subject to Section 2.05(c)(ii) , each Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed to have made a Base Rate Committed Loan to the Borrower in such amount. The Administrative Agent shall remit the funds so received to the Swing Line Lender. (ii) If for any reason any Swing Line Loan cannot be refinanced by such a Committed Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.05(c)(i) , the request for Base Rate Committed Loans submitted by the Swing Line Lender as set forth herein shall be deemed to be a request by the Swing Line Lender that each of the Lenders fund its risk participation in the relevant Swing Line Loan and each Lender s payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swing Line Lender pursuant to Section 2.05(c)(i) shall be deemed payment in respect of such participation. (iii) If any Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swing Line Lender any amount required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.05(c) by the time specified in Section 2.05(c)(i) , the Swing Line Lender shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to the Swing Line Lender at a rate per annum equal to the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Swing Line Lender in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Swing Line Lender in connection with the foregoing. If such Lender pays such amount (with interest and fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender s Committed Loan included in the relevant Committed Borrowing or funded participation in the relevant Swing Line Loan, as the case may be. A certificate of the Swing Line Lender submitted to any Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this clause (iii) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. (iv) Each Lender s obligation to make Committed Loans or to purchase and fund risk participations in Swing Line Loans pursuant to this Section 2.05(c) shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have against the Swing Line Lender, the Borrower or any other Person for any reason whatsoever, (B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default, or (C) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing; provided , however , that each Lender s obligation to make Committed Loans pursuant to this Section 2.05(c) is subject to the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 . No such funding of risk participations shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the Borrower to repay Swing Line Loans, together with interest as provided herein. 
 43 

 (d) Repayment of Participations . (i) At any time after any Lender has purchased and funded a risk participation in a Swing Line Loan, if the Swing Line Lender receives any payment on account of such Swing Line Loan, the Swing Line Lender will distribute to such Lender its Applicable Percentage thereof in the same funds as those received by the Swing Line Lender. (ii) If any payment received by the Swing Line Lender in respect of principal or interest on any Swing Line Loan is required to be returned by the Swing Line Lender under any of the circumstances described in Section 10.05 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Swing Line Lender in its discretion), each Lender shall pay to the Swing Line Lender its Applicable Percentage thereof on demand of the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned, at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate. The Administrative Agent will make such demand upon the request of the Swing Line Lender. The obligations of the Lenders under this clause shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. (e) Interest for Account of Swing Line Lender . The Swing Line Lender shall be responsible for invoicing the Borrower for interest on the Swing Line Loans. Until each Lender funds its Base Rate Committed Loan or risk participation pursuant to this Section 2.05 to refinance such Lender s Applicable Percentage of any Swing Line Loan, interest in respect of such Applicable Percentage shall be solely for the account of the Swing Line Lender. (f) Payments Directly to Swing Line Lender . The Borrower shall make all payments of principal and interest in respect of the Swing Line Loans directly to the Swing Line Lender. 2.06 Prepayments . (a) The Borrower may, upon delivery of a Notice of Committed Loan Prepayment to the Administrative Agent, at any time or from time to time voluntarily prepay Committed Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty; provided that (i) such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. (A) three Business Days prior to any date of prepayment of SOFR Committed Loans and (B) on the date of prepayment of Base Rate Committed Loans; (ii) any prepayment of SOFR Committed Loans shall be in a principal amount of 5,000,000 or a whole multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof; and (iii) any prepayment of Base Rate Committed Loans shall be in a principal amount of 500,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof or, in each case, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding. Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment and the Type(s) of Committed Loans to be prepaid and, if SOFR Committed Loans are to be prepaid, the Interest Period(s) of such Loans. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Lender of its receipt of each such notice, and of the amount of such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such prepayment. If such notice is given by the Borrower, the Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. Any prepayment of a SOFR Loan shall be accompanied by all accrued interest on the amount prepaid, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05 . Subject to Section 2.18 , each such prepayment shall be applied to the Committed Loans of the Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages. (b) [Reserved]. 
 44 

 (c) The Borrower may, upon notice to the Swing Line Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), at any time or from time to time, voluntarily prepay Swing Line Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty; provided that (i) such notice must be received by the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent not later than 1:00 p.m. on the date of the prepayment, and (ii) any such prepayment shall be in a minimum principal amount of 100,000. Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment. If such notice is given by the Borrower, the Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. (d) If for any reason the Total Outstandings at any time exceed the Aggregate Commitments then in effect, the Borrower shall immediately prepay Loans and/or Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations in an aggregate amount equal to such excess; provided , however , that the Borrower shall not be required to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations pursuant to this Section 2.06(d) unless after the prepayment in full of the Committed Loans and Swing Line Loans the Total Outstandings exceed the Aggregate Commitments then in effect. 2.07 Termination or Reduction of Commitments. The Borrower may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent, terminate the Aggregate Commitments, or from time to time permanently reduce the Aggregate Commitments; provided that (i) any such notice shall be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. five Business Days prior to the date of termination or reduction, (ii) any such partial reduction shall be in an aggregate amount of 2,000,000 or any whole multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof, (iii) the Borrower shall not terminate or reduce the Aggregate Commitments if, after giving effect thereto and to any concurrent prepayments hereunder, the Total Outstandings would exceed the Aggregate Commitments, and (iv) if, after giving effect to any reduction of the Aggregate Commitments, the Letter of Credit Sublimit or the Swing Line Sublimit exceeds the amount of the Aggregate Commitments, such Sublimit shall be automatically reduced by the amount of such excess. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Lenders of any such notice of termination or reduction of the Aggregate Commitments. Any reduction of the Aggregate Commitments shall be applied to the Commitment of each Lender according to its Applicable Percentage. All fees accrued until the effective date of any termination of the Aggregate Commitments shall be paid on the effective date of such termination. 2.08 Repayment of Loans . (a) The Borrower shall repay to the Lenders on the Maturity Date the aggregate principal amount of Committed Loans outstanding on such date. (b) The Borrower shall repay each Swing Line Loan on the earlier to occur of (i) the date ten Business Days after such Loan is made and (ii) the Maturity Date. 2.09 Interest . (a) Subject to the provisions of subsection (b) below, (i) each SOFR Committed Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to Adjusted Term SOFR for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Rate; (ii) each Base Rate Committed Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate; and (iii) each Swing Line Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate. 
 45 

 (b) (i) If any amount of principal of any Loan is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. (ii) If any amount (other than principal of any Loan) payable by the Borrower under any Loan Document is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, then upon the request of the Required Lenders, such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. (iii) Upon the request of the Required Lenders, while any Event of Default exists, the Borrower shall pay interest on the principal amount of all outstanding Obligations hereunder at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. (iv) Accrued and unpaid interest on past due amounts (including interest on past due interest to the extent permitted by applicable Law) shall be due and payable upon demand. (c) Interest on each Loan shall be due and payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto and at such other times as may be specified herein. Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law. 2.10 Fees . In addition to certain fees described in subsections (h) and (i) of Section 2.04 : (a) Commitment Fee . The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender in accordance with its Applicable Percentage, a commitment fee equal to the Applicable Rate times the actual daily amount by which the Aggregate Commitments exceed the sum of (i) the Outstanding Amount of Committed Loans and (ii) the Outstanding Amount of L/C Obligations, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2.18 . The commitment fee shall accrue at all times during the Availability Period, including at any time during which one or more of the conditions in Article IV is not met, and shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on the last Business Day of each Fiscal Quarter, commencing with the first such date to occur after the Closing Date, and on the last day of the Availability Period. The commitment fee shall be calculated quarterly in arrears, and if there is any change in the Applicable Rate during any quarter, the actual daily amount shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Rate was in effect. (b) Other Fees . (i) The Borrower shall pay to the Arranger and the Administrative Agent for their own respective accounts fees in the amounts and at the times specified in the Fee Letter. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever. (ii) The Borrower shall pay to the Lenders such fees as shall have been separately agreed upon in writing in the amounts and at the times so specified. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever. 
 46 

 2.11 Computation of Interest and Fees; Retroactive Adjustments of Applicable Rate . (a) All computations of interest for Base Rate Loans (including Base Rate Loans determined by reference to Adjusted Term SOFR) shall be made on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed. All other computations of fees and interest shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed (which results in more fees or interest, as applicable, being paid than if computed on the basis of a 365-day year). Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which the Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid, provided that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to Section 2.13(a) , bear interest for one day. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. (b) If, as a result of any restatement of or other adjustment to the financial statements of the Borrower or for any other reason, the Borrower or the Lenders determine that (i) the Adjusted Total Debt to EBITDA Ratio as calculated by the Borrower as of any applicable date was inaccurate and (ii) a proper calculation of the Adjusted Total Debt to EBITDA Ratio would have resulted in higher pricing for such period, the Borrower shall immediately and retroactively be obligated to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable Lenders or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, promptly on demand by the Administrative Agent (or, after the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to the Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, automatically and without further action by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L/C Issuer), an amount equal to the excess of the amount of interest and fees that should have been paid for such period over the amount of interest and fees actually paid for such period. This paragraph shall not limit the rights of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, under Section 2.04(c)(iii) , 2.04(h) or 2.09(b) or under Article VIII . The Borrower s obligations under this paragraph shall survive the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and the repayment of all other Obligations hereunder. 2.12 Evidence of Debt . (a) The Credit Extensions made by each Lender shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records maintained by such Lender and by the Administrative Agent in the ordinary course of business. The accounts or records maintained by the Administrative Agent and each Lender shall be conclusive absent manifest error of the amount of the Credit Extensions made by the Lenders to the Borrower and the interest and payments thereon. Any failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrower hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the Obligations. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. Upon the request of any Lender made through the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall execute and deliver to such Lender (through the Administrative Agent) a Note, which shall evidence such Lender s Loans in addition to such accounts or records. Each Lender may attach schedules to its Note and endorse thereon the date, Type (if applicable), amount and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto. (b) In addition to the accounts and records referred to in subsection (a), each Lender and the Administrative Agent shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice accounts or records evidencing the purchases and sales by such Lender of participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by the Administrative Agent and the accounts and records of any Lender in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. 
 47 

 2.13 Payments Generally; Administrative Agent s Clawback . (a) General . All payments to be made by the Borrower shall be made without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrower hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the Administrative Agent s Office in Dollars and in immediately available funds not later than 2:00 p.m. on the date specified herein. The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Applicable Percentage (or other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lender s Lending Office. All payments received by the Administrative Agent after 2:00 p.m. shall be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue. If any payment to be made by the Borrower shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be. (b) (i) Funding by Lenders; Presumption by Administrative Agent . Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Committed Borrowing of SOFR Loans (or, in the case of any Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, prior to 12:00 noon on the date of such Committed Borrowing) that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of such Committed Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with Section 2.02 (or, in the case of a Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, that such Lender has made such share available in accordance with and at the time required by Section 2.02 and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Committed Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount in immediately available funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (A) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Administrative Agent in connection with the foregoing, and (B) in the case of a payment to be made by the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to Base Rate Loans. If the Borrower and such Lender shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the Borrower the amount of such interest paid by the Borrower for such period. If such Lender pays its share of the applicable Committed Borrowing to the Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender s Committed Loan included in such Committed Borrowing. Any payment by the Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent. (ii) Payments by Borrower; Presumptions by Administrative Agent . Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the L/C Issuer hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative 
 48 

 Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, in immediately available funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or the Borrower with respect to any amount owing under this subsection (b) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. (c) Failure to Satisfy Conditions Precedent . If any Lender makes available to the Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Article II , and such funds are not made available to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent because the conditions to the applicable Credit Extension set forth in Article IV are not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms hereof, the Administrative Agent shall return such funds (in like funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest. (d) Obligations of Lenders Several . The obligations of the Lenders hereunder to make Committed Loans, to fund participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans and to make payments pursuant to Section 10.04(c) are several and not joint. The failure of any Lender to make any Committed Loan, to fund any such participation or to make any payment under Section 10.04(c) on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Committed Loan, to purchase its participation or to make its payment under Section 10.04(c) . (e) Funding Source . Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner. 2.14 Sharing of Payments by Lenders . If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of the Committed Loans made by it, or the participations in L/C Obligations or in Swing Line Loans held by it resulting in such Lender s receiving payment of a proportion of the aggregate amount of such Committed Loans or participations and accrued interest thereon greater than its pro rata share thereof as provided herein, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall (a) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Committed Loans and subparticipations in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans of the other Lenders, or make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Committed Loans and other amounts owing them, provided that: (i) if any such participations or subparticipations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations or subparticipations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest; and (ii) the provisions of this Section shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment made by or on behalf of the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender), (y) the application of Cash Collateral provided for in Section 2.17 , or (z) any payment 
 49 

 obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Committed Loans or subparticipations in L/C Obligations or Swing Line Loans to any assignee or participant, other than an assignment to the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this Section shall apply). Each Loan Party consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against such Loan Party rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of such Loan Party in the amount of such participation. 2.15 [Reserved]. 2.16 Increase in Commitments . (a) Request for Increase . Provided there exists no Default, upon notice to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly notify the Lenders), the Borrower may from time to time, request an increase in the Aggregate Commitments (which increase may take the form of one or more term loan tranches) by an amount (for all such requests) not exceeding 300,000,000; provided that (i) any such request for an increase shall be in a minimum amount of 5,000,000. At the time of sending such notice, the Borrower (in consultation with the Administrative Agent) shall specify the time period within which each Lender is requested to respond (which shall in no event be less than ten Business Days from the date of delivery of such notice to the Lenders). (b) Lender Elections to Increase . Each Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent within such time period whether or not it agrees to increase its Commitment and, if so, whether by an amount equal to, greater than, or less than its Applicable Percentage of such requested increase. Any Lender not responding within such time period shall be deemed to have declined to increase its Commitment. (c) Notification by Administrative Agent; Additional Lenders . The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and each Lender of the Lenders responses to each request made hereunder. To achieve the full amount of a requested increase and subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent, and, other than with respect to increases in the form of a term loan tranche, the L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender (which approvals shall not be unreasonably withheld), the Borrower may also invite additional Eligible Assignees to become Lenders pursuant to a joinder agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel. (d) Effective Date and Allocations . If the Aggregate Commitments are increased in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall determine the effective date (the Increase Effective Date and the final allocation of such increase. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the final allocation of such increase and the Increase Effective Date. (e) Conditions to Effectiveness of Increase . As a condition precedent to such increase, (i) the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate of each Loan Party dated as of the Increase Effective Date (in sufficient copies for each Lender) signed by a Responsible Officer of such Loan Party (x) certifying and attaching the resolutions adopted by such Loan Party approving or consenting to such increase, and (y) in the case of the Borrower, certifying that, before and after giving effect to such increase, (A) the representations and warranties contained in Article V and the other Loan Documents are true and correct on and as of the Increase Effective Date, except to the extent that such 
 50 

 representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct as of such earlier date, and except that for purposes of this Section 2.16 , the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.04 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b), respectively, of Section 6.01 , and (B) no Default exists, (ii) (x) upon the reasonable request of any Lender participating in such increase, in each case made at least five (5) days prior to the Increase Effective Date, the Borrower shall have provided to such Lender, and such Lender shall be reasonably satisfied with, the documentation and other information so requested in connection with applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act, and (y) at least five (5) days prior to the Increase Effective Date, any Loan Party that qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation shall have delivered, to each Lender participating in such increase that so requests, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to such Loan Party, and (iii) to the extent that the increase of the Aggregate Commitments shall take the form of a term loan tranche, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be amended, (x) in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders participating in such term loan tranche, to include any additional terms to reflect the incurrence of, and terms and conditions of such term loan tranche (including, without limitation, the pricing, margins, interest rate floors, fees and maturity date (which may be later but not earlier than the then scheduled Maturity Date) applicable thereto) and (y) to include such other terms as are customary for a term loan commitment, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. Other than in connection with the establishment of any term loan tranche, the Borrower shall prepay any Committed Loans outstanding on the Increase Effective Date (and pay any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05 to the extent necessary to keep the outstanding Committed Loans ratable with any revised Applicable Percentages arising from any nonratable increase in the Commitments under this Section. (f) Conflicting Provisions . This Section shall supersede any provisions in Section 2.14 or 10.01 to the contrary. 2.17 Cash Collateral . (a) Certain Credit Support Events . Upon the request of the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer (i) if the L/C Issuer has honored any full or partial drawing request under any Letter of Credit and such drawing has resulted in an L/C Borrowing, or (ii) if, as of the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, any L/C Obligation for any reason remains outstanding, the Borrower shall, in each case, immediately Cash Collateralize the then Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations. At any time that there shall exist a Defaulting Lender, immediately upon the request of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent Cash Collateral in an amount sufficient to cover all Fronting Exposure (after giving effect to Section 2.18(a)(iv) and any Cash Collateral provided by the Defaulting Lender). (b) Grant of Security Interest . All Cash Collateral (other than credit support not constituting funds subject to deposit) shall be maintained in blocked, interest bearing deposit accounts at the L/C Issuer. The Borrower, and to the extent provided by any Lender, such Lender, hereby grants to (and subjects to the control of) the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders (including the Swing Line Lender), and agrees to maintain, a first priority security interest in all such cash, deposit accounts and all balances therein, and all other property so provided as collateral pursuant hereto, and in all proceeds of the foregoing, all as security for the obligations to which such Cash Collateral may be applied pursuant to Section 2.17(c) . If at any time the Administrative Agent determines that Cash Collateral is subject to any right or claim of any Person other than the Administrative Agent as herein provided, or that the total amount of such Cash Collateral is less than the 
 51 

 applicable Fronting Exposure and other obligations secured thereby, the Borrower or the relevant Defaulting Lender will, promptly upon demand by the Administrative Agent, pay or provide to the Administrative Agent additional Cash Collateral in an amount sufficient to eliminate such deficiency. (c) Application . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Cash Collateral provided under any of this Section 2.17 or Sections 2.04 , 2.05 , 2.06 , 2.18 or 8.02 in respect of Letters of Credit or Swing Line Loans shall be held and applied to the satisfaction of the specific L/C Obligations, Swing Line Loans, obligations to fund participations therein (including, as to Cash Collateral provided by a Defaulting Lender, any interest accrued on such obligation) and other obligations for which the Cash Collateral was so provided, prior to any other application of such property as may be provided for herein. (d) Release . Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce Fronting Exposure or other obligations shall be released promptly following (i) the elimination of the applicable Fronting Exposure or other obligations giving rise thereto (including by the termination of Defaulting Lender status of the applicable Lender (or, as appropriate, its assignee following compliance with Section 10.06(b)(vi) )) or (ii) the Administrative Agent s good faith determination that there exists excess Cash Collateral; provided , however, (x) that Cash Collateral furnished by or on behalf of a Loan Party shall not be released during the continuance of a Default or Event of Default (and following application as provided in this Section 2.17 may be otherwise applied in accordance with Section 8.03 ), and (y) the Person providing Cash Collateral and the L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as applicable, may agree that Cash Collateral shall not be released but instead held to support future anticipated Fronting Exposure or other obligations. 2.18 Defaulting Lenders . (a) Adjustments . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable Law: (i) Waivers and Amendments . That Defaulting Lender s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in Section 10.01 . (ii) Reallocation of Payments . Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of that Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article VIII or otherwise, and including any amounts made available to the Administrative Agent by that Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 10.08 ), shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first , to the payment of any amounts owing by that Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second , to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by that Defaulting Lender to the L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender hereunder; third , if so determined by the Administrative Agent or requested by the L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, to be held as Cash Collateral for future funding obligations of that Defaulting Lender of any participation in any Swing Line Loan or Letter of Credit; fourth , as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which that Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; fifth , if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a non-interest bearing deposit account and released in order to satisfy 
 52 

 obligations of that Defaulting Lender to fund Loans under this Agreement; sixth , to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders, the L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, the L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender against that Defaulting Lender as a result of that Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; seventh , so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against that Defaulting Lender as a result of that Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and eighth , to that Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or L/C Borrowings in respect of which that Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share and (y) such Loans or L/C Borrowings were made at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and L/C Borrowings owed to, all non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or L/C Borrowings owed to, that Defaulting Lender. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 2.18(a)(ii) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by that Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. (iii) Certain Fees . That Defaulting Lender (x) shall not be entitled to receive any commitment fee pursuant to Section 2.10(a) (and the Borrower shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender) for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender and (y) shall be limited in its right to receive Letter of Credit Fees as provided in Section 2.04(h) . (iv) Reallocation of Applicable Percentages to Reduce Fronting Exposure . During any period in which there is a Defaulting Lender, for purposes of computing the amount of the obligation of each non-Defaulting Lender to acquire, refinance or fund participations in Letters of Credit or Swing Line Loans pursuant to Sections 2.04 and 2.05 , the Applicable Percentage of each non-Defaulting Lender shall be computed without giving effect to the Commitment of that Defaulting Lender; provided , that, (i) each such reallocation shall be given effect only if, at the date the applicable Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, no Default or Event of Default exists; and (ii) the aggregate obligation of each non-Defaulting Lender to acquire, refinance or fund participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans shall not exceed the positive difference, if any, of (1) the Commitment of that non-Defaulting Lender minus (2) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Committed Loans of that Lender. (b) Defaulting Lender Cure . If the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and the L/C Issuer agree in writing in their sole discretion that a Defaulting Lender should no longer be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect to any Cash Collateral), that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Committed Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans to be held on a pro rata basis by the Lenders in accordance with their Applicable Percentages (without giving effect to Section 2.18(a)(iv) ), whereupon that Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while that 
 53 

 Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and provided , further , that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. ARTICLE III. TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 3.01 Taxes . (a) Payments Free of Taxes; Obligation to Withhold; Payments on Account of Taxes . (i) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall to the extent permitted by applicable Laws be made free and clear of and without deduction or withholding for any Taxes. If, however, applicable Laws require the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to withhold or deduct any Tax, such Tax shall be withheld or deducted in accordance with such Laws as determined by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, upon the basis of the information and documentation to be delivered pursuant to subsection (e) below. (ii) If the Borrower or the Administrative Agent shall be required by the Code to withhold or deduct any Taxes, including both United States Federal backup withholding and withholding Taxes, from any payment by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder or under any other Loan Document, then (A) the Administrative Agent shall withhold or make such deductions as are determined by the Administrative Agent to be required based upon the information and documentation it has received pursuant to subsection (e) below, (B) the Administrative Agent shall timely pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with the Code, and (C) to the extent that the withholding or deduction is made on account of Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes, the sum payable by the Borrower shall be increased as necessary so that after any required withholding or the making of all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section) the Administrative Agent, Lender or L/C Issuer, as the case may be, receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholding or deduction been made. (b) Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrower . Without limiting the provisions of subsection (a) above, the Borrower shall timely pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Laws. (c) Tax Indemnifications . (i) Without limiting the provisions of subsection (a) or (b) above, the Borrower shall, and does hereby, indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the L/C Issuer, and shall make payment in respect thereof within 10 days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) withheld or deducted by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent or paid by the Administrative Agent, such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, and any penalties, interest and reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. The Borrower shall also, and does hereby, indemnify the Administrative Agent, and shall make payment in respect thereof within 10 days after demand therefor, for any amount which a Lender or the L/C Issuer for any reason fails to pay indefeasibly to the Administrative Agent as required by clause (ii) of this subsection. A certificate as to the amount of any such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender or the L/C Issuer (with a copy to the 
 54 

 Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender or the L/C Issuer, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. (ii) Without limiting the provisions of subsection (a) or (b) above, each Lender and the L/C Issuer shall, and does hereby, indemnify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and shall make payment in respect thereof within 10 days after demand therefor, against any and all (A) Taxes and any and all related losses, claims, liabilities, penalties, interest and expenses (including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Borrower or the Administrative Agent) incurred by or asserted against the Borrower or the Administrative Agent by any Governmental Authority as a result of the failure by such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to deliver, or as a result of the inaccuracy, inadequacy or deficiency of, any documentation required to be delivered by such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to the Borrower or the Administrative Agent pursuant to subsection (e) and (B) Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be. Each Lender and the L/C Issuer hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, under this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this clause (ii). The agreements in this clause (ii) shall survive the resignation and/or replacement of the Administrative Agent, any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender or the L/C Issuer, the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations. (d) Evidence of Payments . Upon request by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, after any payment of Taxes by the Borrower or by the Administrative Agent to a Governmental Authority as provided in this Section 3.01 , the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent or the Administrative Agent shall deliver to the Borrower, as the case may be, the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of any return required by Laws to report such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be. (e) Status of Lenders; Tax Documentation . (i) Each Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and to the Administrative Agent, at the time or times prescribed by applicable Laws or when reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation prescribed by applicable Laws or by the taxing authorities of any jurisdiction and such other reasonably requested information as will permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, to determine (A) whether or not payments made hereunder or under any other Loan Document are subject to Taxes, (B) if applicable, the required rate of withholding or deduction, and (C) such Lender s entitlement to any available exemption from, or reduction of, applicable Taxes in respect of all payments to be made to such Lender by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise to establish such Lender s status for withholding tax purposes in the applicable jurisdiction. (ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if the Borrower is resident for tax purposes in the United States, (A) any Lender that is a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent executed originals of Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 or such other documentation or information prescribed by applicable Laws or reasonably requested by 
 55 

 the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, certifying that such Lender is exempt from backup withholding; and (B) each Foreign Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, but only if such Foreign Lender is legally entitled to do so), whichever of the following is applicable: (I) executed originals of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN or Form W-8BEN-E claiming, to the extent applicable, eligibility for benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party, (II) executed originals of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI, (III) executed originals of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8IMY and all required supporting documentation, (IV) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not (A) a bank within the meaning of section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (B) a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or (C) a controlled foreign corporation described in section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code and (y) executed originals of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN or Form W-8BEN-E, or (V) executed originals of any other form prescribed by applicable Laws as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in United States Federal withholding tax together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable Laws to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made or to comply with their obligations under FATCA. (iii) Each Lender shall promptly (A) notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent of any change in circumstances which would modify or render invalid any claimed exemption or reduction or any form or certification previously delivered to the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, and (B) take such steps as shall not be materially disadvantageous to it, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, and as may be reasonably necessary (including the re-designation of its Lending Office) to avoid any requirement of applicable Laws of any jurisdiction that the Borrower or the Administrative Agent make any withholding or deduction for taxes from amounts payable to such Lender. (f) Treatment of Certain Refunds . Unless required by applicable Laws, at no time shall the Administrative Agent have any obligation to file for or otherwise pursue on behalf of a Lender or the L/C Issuer, or have any obligation to pay to any Lender or the L/C Issuer, any refund of Taxes withheld or deducted from funds paid for the account of such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be. If the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L/C Issuer determines, in its sole discretion, that it has received 
 56 

 a refund of any Taxes or Other Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by the Borrower or with respect to which the Borrower has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section, it shall pay to the Borrower an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by the Borrower under this Section with respect to the Taxes or Other Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund), provided that the Borrower, upon the request of the Administrative Agent, such Lender or the L/C Issuer, agrees to repay the amount paid over to the Borrower (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Administrative Agent, such Lender or the L/C Issuer in the event the Administrative Agent, such Lender or the L/C Issuer is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. This subsection shall not be construed to require the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L/C Issuer to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating to its taxes that it deems confidential) to the Borrower or any other Person. 3.02 Illegality . If any Lender determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund SOFR Loans, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, or Term SOFR, then, on notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower through the Administrative Agent, (i) any obligation of such Lender to make or continue SOFR Loans or to convert Base Rate Committed Loans to SOFR Committed Loans shall be suspended, and (ii) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining Base Rate Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference to Adjusted Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to Adjusted Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, (x) the Borrower shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay or, if applicable, convert all SOFR Loans of such Lender to Base Rate Loans (the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR component of the Base Rate), either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such SOFR Loans to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such SOFR Loans and (y) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon Adjusted Term SOFR, the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Base Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR component thereof until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon Adjusted Term SOFR. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted. 3.03 Inability to Determine Rates . (a) Circumstances Affecting Benchmark Availability . If in connection with any request for a SOFR Loan or a conversion to or continuation thereof, the Administrative Agent determines that (x) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for determining Adjusted Term SOFR for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed SOFR Committed Loan or in connection with an existing or proposed Base Rate Loan and (y) the circumstances described in Section 3.03(c)(i) do not apply (in each case with respect to the foregoing clause (x) or (y), Impacted Loans ), the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower and each Lender. Thereafter, (x) the obligation of the Lenders to make 
 57 

 or maintain SOFR Loans shall be suspended, and (y) in the event of a determination described in the preceding sentence with respect to the Adjusted Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, the utilization of the Adjusted Term SOFR component in determining the Base Rate shall be suspended, in each case until the Administrative Agent revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of SOFR Committed Loans or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein. (b) Laws Affecting SOFR Availability . Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Administrative Agent has made the determination described in the first sentence of Section 3.03(a) , the Administrative Agent, in consultation in good faith with the Borrower, may establish an alternative interest rate for the Impacted Loans, in which case, such alternative rate of interest shall apply with respect to the Impacted Loans until (i) the Administrative Agent revokes the notice delivered with respect to the Impacted Loans under the first sentence of Section 3.03(a) , (ii) the Required Lenders notify the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that such alternative interest rate does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding the Impacted Loans, or (iii) any Lender determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for such Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to such alternative rate of interest or to determine or charge interest rates based upon such rate or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to do any of the foregoing and provides the Administrative Agent and the Borrower written notice thereof. (c) Benchmark Replacement Setting . (i) Benchmark Replacement . (A) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may amend this Agreement to replace the then-current Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement. Any such amendment with respect to a Benchmark Transition Event will become effective at 5:00 p.m. on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the Administrative Agent has posted such proposed amendment to all affected Lenders and the Borrower so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such amendment from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. No replacement of a Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement pursuant to this Section 3.03(c)(i)(A) will occur prior to the applicable Benchmark Transition Start Date. (B) No Hedging Agreement shall be deemed to be a Loan Document for purposes of this Section 3.03(c) . (ii) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes . In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right, in consultation with the Borrower, to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. (iii) Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations . The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (A) the implementation of any Benchmark 
 58 

 Replacement and (B) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower of the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to Section 3.03(c)(iv) . Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 3.03(c) , including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 3.03(c) . (iv) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (A) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Reference Rate) and either (1) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (2) the administrator of such Benchmark or the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will not be representative or in compliance with or aligned with the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable, non-representative, non-compliant or non-aligned tenor and (B) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (A) above either (1) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (2) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not or will not be representative or in compliance with or aligned with the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. (v) Benchmark Unavailability Period . Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, (A) the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of SOFR Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans and (B) any outstanding affected SOFR Loans will be deemed to have been converted to Base Rate Loans at the end of the applicable Interest Period. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of the Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Base Rate. 
 59 

 3.04 Increased Costs . (a) Increased Costs Generally . If any Change in Law shall: (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender or the L/C Issuer; (ii) subject any Lender or the L/C Issuer to any Taxes with respect to this Agreement, any Letter of Credit, any participation in a Letter of Credit or any SOFR Loan made by it, or change the basis of taxation of payments to such Lender or the L/C Issuer in respect thereof (except for Indemnified Taxes, Other Taxes and Excluded Taxes); or (iii) impose on any Lender or the L/C Issuer any other condition, cost or expense affecting this Agreement or SOFR Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein; and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making or maintaining any Loan the interest on which is determined by reference to Adjusted Term SOFR (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan), or to increase the cost to such Lender or the L/C Issuer of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit (or of maintaining its obligation to participate in or to issue any Letter of Credit), or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or the L/C Issuer hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then, upon request of such Lender or the L/C Issuer, the Borrower will pay to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. (b) Capital Requirements . If any Lender or the L/C Issuer determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or the L/C Issuer or any Lending Office of such Lender or such Lender s or the L/C Issuer s holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or the L/C Issuer s capital or on the capital of such Lender s or the L/C Issuer s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by the L/C Issuer, to a level below that which such Lender or the L/C Issuer or such Lender s or the L/C Issuer s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s or the L/C Issuer s policies and the policies of such Lender s or the L/C Issuer s holding company with respect to capital adequacy or liquidity), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the L/C Issuer or such Lender s or the L/C Issuer s holding company for any such reduction suffered. (c) Certificates for Reimbursement . A certificate of a Lender or the L/C Issuer setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or the L/C Issuer or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in subsection (a) or (b) of this Section and delivered to the Borrower shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. (d) Delay in Requests . Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or the L/C Issuer to demand compensation pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section shall not constitute a waiver of 
 60 

 such Lender s or the L/C Issuer s right to demand such compensation, provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or the L/C Issuer pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than nine months prior to the date that such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s or the L/C Issuer s intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the nine-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). 3.05 Compensation for Losses . Upon demand of any Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) from time to time, the Borrower shall promptly compensate such Lender for and hold such Lender harmless from any loss, cost or expense incurred by it as a result of: (a) any continuation, conversion, payment or prepayment of any SOFR Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period for such Loan (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise); (b) any failure by the Borrower (for a reason other than the failure of such Lender to make a Loan) to prepay, borrow, continue or convert any SOFR Loan on the date or in the amount notified by the Borrower; or (c) any assignment of a SOFR Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period therefor as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 10.13 ; including any loss of anticipated profits and any loss or expense arising from the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain such Loan or from fees payable to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained. The Borrower shall also pay any customary administrative fees charged by such Lender in connection with the foregoing. 3.06 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders . (a) Designation of a Different Lending Office . If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04 , or the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes or any additional amount to any Lender, the L/C Issuer, or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender or the L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 3.01 , or if any Lender gives a notice pursuant to Section 3.02 , then such Lender or the L/C Issuer shall, as applicable, use reasonable efforts to designate a different Lending Office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender or the L/C Issuer, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.01 or 3.04 , as the case may be, in the future, or eliminate the need for the notice pursuant to Section 3.02 , as applicable, and (ii) in each case, would not subject such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender or the L/C Issuer in connection with any such designation or assignment. (b) Replacement of Lenders . If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04 , or if the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes or any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01 , the Borrower may replace such Lender in accordance with Section 10.13 . 
 61 

 3.07 Survival . All of the Borrower s obligations under this Article III shall survive termination of the Aggregate Commitments, repayment of all other Obligations hereunder, and resignation of the Administrative Agent. ARTICLE IV. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS 4.01 Conditions of Initial Credit Extension . The obligation of the L/C Issuer and each Lender to make its initial Credit Extension hereunder is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: (a) The Administrative Agent s receipt of the following, each of which shall be originals or telecopies (followed promptly by originals) unless otherwise specified, each properly executed by a Responsible Officer of the signing Loan Party, each dated the Closing Date (or, in the case of certificates of governmental officials, a recent date before the Closing Date) and each in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders: (i) executed counterparts of this Agreement and the Guaranty, sufficient in number for distribution to the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the Borrower; (ii) a Note executed by the Borrower in favor of each Lender requesting a Note; (iii) such certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates and/or other certificates of Responsible Officers of each Loan Party as the Administrative Agent may require evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer thereof authorized to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party; (iv) such documents and certifications as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require to evidence that each Loan Party is duly organized or formed, and that each of the Borrower and Loan Parties is validly existing, in good standing and qualified to engage in business in its state of incorporation (or formation) and in each other state requested by the Administrative Agent; (v) (i) a favorable opinion of Debevoise Plimpton LLP, counsel to the Loan Parties, and (ii) a favorable opinion of Jessica Garascia, Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Administrative Officer, and Secretary of the Borrower, in each case, addressed to the Administrative Agent and each Lender; (vi) [reserved]; (vii) a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying (A) that the conditions specified in Sections 4.02(a) and (b) have been satisfied, (B) that there has been no event or circumstance since the date of the Audited Financial Statements that has had or could be reasonably expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, (C) the representations and warranties set forth in Section 5 hereof are true and correct on and as of the Closing Date, and (D) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; (viii) [reserved]; 
 62 

 (ix) evidence that the Existing Credit Agreement has been or concurrently with the Closing Date is being terminated; (x) at least five Business Days prior to the Closing Date, all documentation and other information concerning the Borrower as shall be reasonably required by any Lender to satisfy its bank regulatory authorities under applicable know-your-customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act, to the extent requested at least ten Business Days prior to the date hereof; and (xi) such other assurances, certificates, documents, consents or opinions as the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer, the Swing Line Lender or the Required Lenders reasonably may require. (b) Any fees required to be paid by the Borrower on or before the Closing Date shall have been paid. (c) Unless waived by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall have paid all fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent (directly to such counsel if requested by the Administrative Agent) to the extent invoiced at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Closing Date, plus such additional amounts of such fees, charges and disbursements as shall constitute its reasonable estimate of such fees, charges and disbursements incurred or to be incurred by it through the closing proceedings provided that such estimate shall not thereafter preclude a final settling of accounts between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent). Without limiting the generality of the provisions of the last paragraph of Section 9.03 , for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 4.01 , each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto. 4.02 Conditions to all Credit Extensions . The obligation of each Lender to honor any Request for Credit Extension (other than a Committed Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Committed Loans to the other Type, or a continuation of SOFR Committed Loans) is subject to the following conditions precedent: (a) The representations and warranties of the Borrower and each other Loan Party contained in Article V (other than those contained in Section 5.04(b) and Section 5.05 or any other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection herewith or therewith, shall be true and correct on and as of the date of such Credit Extension, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct as of such earlier date, and except that for purposes of this Section 4.02 , the representations and warranties contained in subsection (a) of Section 5.04 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b), respectively, of Section 6.01 . (b) No Default shall exist, or would result from such proposed Credit Extension or from the application of the proceeds thereof. 
 63 

 (c) The Administrative Agent and, if applicable, the L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender shall have received a Request for Credit Extension in accordance with the requirements hereof. Each Request for Credit Extension (other than a Committed Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Committed Loans to the other Type or a continuation of SOFR Committed Loans) submitted by the Borrower shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty that the conditions specified in Sections 4.02(a) and (b) have been satisfied on and as of the date of the applicable Credit Extension. ARTICLE V. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES The Borrower represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that: 5.01 Organization . Each of the Borrower and each Restricted Subsidiary is validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization; and each of the Borrower and each Restricted Subsidiary is duly qualified to do business in each jurisdiction where, because of the nature of its activities or properties, such qualification is required, except for such jurisdictions where the failure to so qualify could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 5.02 Authorization; No Conflict . The Borrower and each Restricted Subsidiary is duly authorized to execute and deliver each Loan Document to which such Person is a party and perform its Obligations under each Loan Document to which it is a party. The Borrower is duly authorized to borrow monies hereunder. The execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower and each Restricted Subsidiary of each Loan Document to which such Person is a party, and the borrowings by the Borrower hereunder, do not and will not (a) require any consent or approval of any governmental agency or authority (other than any consent or approval which has been obtained and is in full force and effect) or which the failure to so obtain could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (b) conflict with (i) any provision of law, (ii) the Organization Documents or material agreements disclosed in the Borrower s most recent filing with the SEC on Form 10-K or (iii) any material agreement, indenture, instrument or other document, or any judgment, order or decree, which is binding upon the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or any of their respective properties or (c) require, or result in, the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than Liens, if any, in favor of the Administrative Agent created pursuant to the Loan Documents). 5.03 Validity and Binding Nature . This Agreement has been, and each other Loan Document, when delivered hereunder, will have been, duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party that is party thereto and is, or when so delivered will be, the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person, enforceable against such Person in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws affecting the enforceability of creditors rights generally and to general principles of equity. 5.04 Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Effect . (a) The Audited Financial Statements, copies of which have been delivered to each Lender, were prepared in accordance with GAAP (subject, in the case of such unaudited statements, to the absence of footnotes and to normal year-end adjustments) and present fairly the consolidated financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at such dates and the results of their operations for the periods then ended. 
 64 

 (b) Since the date of the Audited Financial Statements, there has been no change in the financial condition, operations, assets, business or properties of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 5.05 Litigation and Contingent Liabilities . Except as set forth on Schedule 5.05 or as disclosed in the SEC Filings as of the Closing Date, no litigation (including derivative actions), arbitration proceeding or governmental investigation or proceeding is pending or, to the Borrower s knowledge, threatened against the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Other than any liability incident to such litigation or proceedings, neither the Borrower nor any Restricted Subsidiary has any material contingent liabilities not listed on Schedule 5.05 , disclosed in the SEC Filings as of the Closing Date or that are permitted by Section 7.01 . 5.06 Ownership of Properties; Liens . Each of the Borrower and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries owns good and, in the case of real property, sufficient title to all of its properties and assets, real and personal, tangible and intangible, of any nature whatsoever (including patents, trademarks, trade names, service marks and copyrights) that individually or in the aggregate are Material, free and clear of all Liens, charges and claims (including infringement claims with respect to patents, trademarks, service marks, copyrights and the like) except as permitted by Section 7.02 . 5.07 Equity Ownership; Subsidiaries . All issued and outstanding Equity Interests of the Borrower and each Restricted Subsidiary are duly authorized and validly issued, fully paid, non-assessable, and free and clear of all Liens other than those in favor of the Administrative Agent (if any), and such securities were issued in compliance with all applicable state and federal laws concerning the issuance of securities. Schedule 5.07 sets forth the authorized Equity Interests of each Restricted Subsidiary and each Unrestricted Subsidiary as of the Closing Date and identifies each owner of such Equity Interests and their percentage of the total Equity Interests which each owner owns. Each Restricted Subsidiary is a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary except as set forth on Schedule 5.07 . As of the Closing Date, except as set forth on Schedule 5.07 , there are no pre-emptive or other outstanding rights, options, warrants, conversion rights or other similar agreements or understandings for the purchase or acquisition of any Equity Interests of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary. The Borrower shall update Schedule 5.07 promptly after (a) the creation or acquisition by the Borrower or a Subsidiary thereof of a new Subsidiary, (b) any change in the ownership structure of any Wholly-Owned Restricted Subsidiary that results in such Restricted Subsidiary no longer being a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary or (c) any change in a Subsidiary s designation as an Unrestricted Subsidiary or a Restricted Subsidiary; provided , such update in and of itself shall not cause such action to be permitted hereunder if such action is otherwise prohibited hereunder. 5.08 Pension Plans . (a) Each Pension Plan complies in all material respects with all applicable requirements of law and regulations. No contribution failure under Section 412 of the Code, Section 302 of ERISA or the terms of any Pension Plan has occurred with respect to any Pension Plan, sufficient to give rise to a Lien under Section 302(f) of ERISA, or otherwise to have a Material Adverse Effect. There are no pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened, claims, actions, investigations or lawsuits against any Pension Plan, any fiduciary of any Pension Plan, the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate with respect to a Pension Plan which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate has engaged in any prohibited transaction (as defined in Section 4975 of the Code or Section 406 of ERISA) in connection with any Pension Plan which would subject that 
 65 

 Person to any material liability. Within the past five years, neither the Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate has engaged in a transaction which resulted in a Pension Plan with an Unfunded Liability being transferred out of the group of ERISA Affiliates, which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur with respect to any Pension Plan, which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (b) All contributions (if any) have been made to any Multiemployer Plan that are required to be made by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate under the terms of the plan or of any collective bargaining agreement or by applicable law; neither the Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate has withdrawn or partially withdrawn from any Multiemployer Plan, incurred any withdrawal liability with respect to any such plan or received notice of any claim or demand for withdrawal liability or partial withdrawal liability from any such plan, and no condition has occurred which, if continued, could result in a withdrawal or partial withdrawal from any such plan; and neither the Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate has received any notice that any Multiemployer Plan is in endangered or critical status within the meaning of Section 432 of the Code or Section 305 of ERISA, that increased contributions may be required to avoid a reduction in plan benefits or the imposition of any excise tax, that any such plan is or has been funded at a rate less than that required under Section 412 of the Code, that any such plan is or may be terminated, or that any such plan is or may become insolvent. 5.09 Investment Company Act . Neither the Borrower nor any Restricted Subsidiary is an investment company or a company controlled by an investment company or a subsidiary of an investment company, within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940. 5.10 Regulation U . The Borrower is not engaged principally, or as one of its important activities, in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock as defined in Regulation U of the FRB. 5.11 Taxes . Each of the Borrower and each Restricted Subsidiary has timely filed all tax returns and reports required by law to have been filed by it and has paid all taxes and governmental charges due and payable with respect to such returns, except any such taxes or charges (a) which are being diligently contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP shall have been set aside on its books or (b) the filing or amount of which is not individually or in the aggregate Material. The Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries have made adequate reserves on their books and records in accordance with GAAP for all taxes that have accrued but which are not yet due and payable. Neither the Borrower nor any Restricted Subsidiary has participated in any transaction that relates to a year of the taxpayer (which is still open under the applicable statute of limitations) which is a listed transaction within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.6011-4(b)(2) (irrespective of the date when the transaction was entered into). 5.12 Solvency; Etc. . On the Closing Date, and immediately prior to and after giving effect to the issuance of each Letter of Credit and each borrowing hereunder and the use of the proceeds thereof, with respect to the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (a) the fair value of their assets is greater than the amount of their liabilities as such value and liabilities are established in accordance with GAAP, and (b) the present fair saleable value of their assets is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability on their debts as they become absolute and matured. 5.13 Environmental Matters . As of the Closing Date, except as disclosed in the most recent SEC Filings, neither the Borrower nor any Restricted Subsidiary has knowledge of any liability or has received any notice of any liability, and no proceeding has been instituted raising any liability against the 
 66 

 Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any of their respective real properties now or formerly owned, leased or operated by any of them or other assets, alleging any damage to the environment or violation of any Environmental Laws, except, in each case, such as could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect individually or in the aggregate. As of the Closing Date, except as disclosed in the most recent SEC Filings, and except as otherwise disclosed in writing: (a) neither the Borrower nor any Restricted Subsidiary has knowledge of any facts which would give rise to any liability, public or private, for violation of Environmental Laws or damage to the environment emanating from, occurring on or in any way related to real properties now or formerly owned, leased or operated by any of them or to other assets or their use, except, in each case, such as could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (b) neither the Borrower nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries has stored any Hazardous Materials on real properties now or formerly owned, leased or operated by any of them or has disposed of any Hazardous Materials in a manner contrary to any Environmental Laws in each case in any manner that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; and (c) all buildings on all real properties now owned, leased or operated by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries are in compliance with applicable Environmental Laws, except where failure to comply could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 5.14 Insurance . The Borrower and each Restricted Subsidiary and their respective properties are insured with financially sound and reputable insurance companies which are not Affiliates of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, in such amounts, with such deductibles and covering such risks as are customarily carried by companies engaged in similar businesses and owning similar properties in localities where the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries operate. 5.15 Information . All information heretofore or contemporaneously herewith furnished in writing by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of or in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby is, and all written information hereafter furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower to the Administrative Agent or any Lender pursuant hereto or in connection herewith will be, true and accurate in every material respect on the date as of which such information is dated or certified, and none of such information is or will be incomplete by omitting to state any material fact necessary to make such information not misleading in light of the circumstances under which made (it being recognized by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that any projections and forecasts provided by the Borrower are based on good faith estimates and assumptions believed by the Borrower to be reasonable as of the date of the applicable projections or assumptions and that actual results during the period or periods covered by any such projections and forecasts may differ from projected or forecasted results). 5.16 Intellectual Property . Each of the Borrower and each Restricted Subsidiary owns and possesses or has a license or other right to use all patents, patent rights, trademarks, trademark rights, trade names, trade name rights, service marks, service mark rights, and copyrights as are necessary for the conduct of the businesses of the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, as applicable, except to the extent the lack of such rights could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, without any infringement upon rights of others which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 67 

 5.17 No Default . No Event of Default or Default exists or would result from the incurrence by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of any Debt hereunder or under any other Loan Document. 5.18 Taxpayer Identification Number . The Borrower s true and correct U.S. taxpayer identification number is set forth on Schedule 10.02 . 5.19 Anti-Corruption Laws; Sanctions; Anti-Terrorism Laws . (a) The Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective officers and employees, and to the knowledge of the Borrower its directors and agents, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions, inclusive of all applicable general and specific licenses, in all material respects, and each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries has in effect policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions. None of the Borrower, any Subsidiary or to the knowledge of the Borrower or such Subsidiary any of their respective directors, officers, employees or agents is a Sanctioned Person. No Loan or Letter of Credit, use of the proceeds of any Loan or Letter of Credit or other transactions contemplated hereby will violate Anti-Corruption Laws or applicable Sanctions. (b) Neither the making of the Loans hereunder nor the use of the proceeds thereof will violate the PATRIOT Act, the Trading with the Enemy Act, as amended, or any of the foreign assets control regulations of the United States Treasury Department (31 C.F.R., Subtitle B, Chapter V, as amended) or any enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto or successor statute thereto. The Borrower and its Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects with the PATRIOT Act. 5.20 Affected Financial Institutions . No Loan Party is an Affected Financial Institution. ARTICLE VI. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS Until the expiration or termination of the Commitments and thereafter until all Obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents are paid in full (other than contingent or indemnification obligations which survive the termination of this Agreement) and all Letters of Credit have been terminated, the Borrower agrees that, unless at any time the Required Lenders shall otherwise expressly consent in writing, it will: 6.01 Reports, Certificates and Other Information . Furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender: (a) Annual Report . (i) Promptly when available and in any event within 90 days after the close of each Fiscal Year, a copy of the annual audit report of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such Fiscal Year, including therein consolidated balance sheets and statements of earnings and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such Fiscal Year, together with a Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm thereon without adverse reference to going concern value and without qualification by KPMG LLP or such other independent auditors of recognized standing selected by the Borrower and reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent; provided that the availability on EDGAR or the internet within the time period specified above of the Borrower s Annual Report on Form 10-K for such Fiscal Year (together with the Borrower s annual report to shareholders, if any, prepared pursuant to Rule 14a-3 under the Exchange Act) prepared in accordance with the requirements therefor 
 68 

 and filed with the SEC shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements of this Section 6.01(a)(i) , and (ii) promptly when available and in any event within 100 days after the close of each Fiscal Year, a written statement from the Borrower s accountants to the effect that in making the examination necessary for the signing of such annual audit report by such accountants, nothing came to their attention that caused them to believe that the Borrower was not in compliance with any provision of Sections 7.01 , 7.03 , 7.04 or 7.13 of this Agreement insofar as such provision relates to accounting matters or, if something has come to their attention that caused them to believe that the Borrower was not in compliance with any such provision, describing such non-compliance in reasonable detail. The Borrower shall also furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender promptly when available and in any event within 90 days after the close of each Fiscal Year consolidated balance sheets and statements of earnings and cash flows of the Borrower and all Restricted Subsidiaries as at the end of such Fiscal Year prepared in accordance with GAAP and a consolidated balance sheet and statement of earnings and cash flows of all of the Borrower s Unrestricted Subsidiaries as at the end of such Fiscal Year prepared in accordance with GAAP, together with information on elimination entries (subject, in the case of the financial statements for the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries and the financial statements for the Borrower s Unrestricted Subsidiaries, to the absence of footnotes and other deviations from GAAP that are to be listed or itemized by the Borrower upon submission of such financial statements). (b) Interim Reports . Promptly when available and in any event within 45 days after the end of each Fiscal Quarter, consolidated balance sheets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such Fiscal Quarter, together with consolidated statements of earnings and cash flows for such Fiscal Quarter and for the period beginning with the first day of such Fiscal Year and ending on the last day of such Fiscal Quarter, together with a comparison with the corresponding period of the previous Fiscal Year certified by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower; provided , that the availability on EDGAR or the internet within the time period specified above of copies of the Borrower s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q prepared in compliance with the requirements therefor and filed with the SEC shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements of this Section 6.01(b) . The Borrower shall also furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender promptly when available and in any event within 45 days after the close of each Fiscal Quarter consolidated balance sheets of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of the end of such Fiscal Quarter, together with consolidated statements of earnings and cash flows for such Fiscal Quarter, and consolidated balance sheets of the Borrower s Unrestricted Subsidiaries as of the end of such Fiscal Quarter, together with a consolidated statement of earnings and cash flows and information on elimination entries reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. All deliveries under this Section shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP (subject, in the case of the financial statements for the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries and the financial statements for the Borrower s Unrestricted Subsidiaries, to the absence of footnotes and other deviations from GAAP that are to be listed or itemized by the Borrower upon submission of such financial statements). (c) Compliance Certificates . Within 20 Business Days of the furnishing of a copy of or the making available on EDGAR or the internet of, as the case may be, each annual audit report of Form 10-K pursuant to Section 6.01(a) and each set of quarterly statements or Form 10-Q pursuant to Section 6.01(b) , a duly completed Compliance Certificate in the form of Exhibit E , with appropriate insertions, dated the date of such annual report or such quarterly statements and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, containing a computation of each of the financial ratios and restrictions set forth in Section 7.13 and to the effect that such Responsible Officer has not become aware of any Event of Default or Default that has occurred and is continuing or, if there is any such event, describing it and the steps, if any, being taken to cure it. As a schedule to any Compliance Certificate delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) , the Borrower shall also provide a listing of each of its Subsidiaries (excluding AAR International, Inc., the AAR AESL Group, the AAR IFS Group and the AAR Airlift Group) that represents 10 or 
 69 

 more of the Borrower s consolidated revenues for the Fiscal Year then ended and/or 10 or more of the Borrower s Consolidated Assets as of the last day of such Fiscal Year. Such schedule shall set forth the Dollar amount of each such Subsidiary s assets and revenues and the percentage of the Borrower s Consolidated Assets and consolidated revenues represented by such Subsidiary s assets and revenues. (d) Reports to the SEC and to Shareholders . Promptly upon the filing or sending thereof, copies of all regular, periodic or special reports of the Borrower filed with the SEC; copies of all registration statements of the Borrower filed with the SEC (other than on Form S-8); and copies of all proxy statements or other communications made to security holders generally, provided that the availability on EDGAR or the internet of any such report, statement or communication shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements of this Section 6.01(d) with respect to such report, statement or communication. (e) Notice of Default, Litigation and ERISA Matters . Promptly upon any Responsible Officer becoming aware of any of the following, written notice describing the same and the steps being taken by the Borrower or the Subsidiary affected thereby with respect to: (i) the occurrence of an Event of Default or a Default; (ii) any litigation, arbitration or governmental investigation or proceeding not previously disclosed by the Borrower to the Lenders and which will not be disclosed in the next applicable SEC Filings in accordance with the requirements thereof, which has been instituted or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, is threatened against the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or to which any of the properties of any thereof is subject which might reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) the institution of any steps by the Borrower, any ERISA Affiliate or any other Person to terminate any Pension Plan, or the failure of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate to make a required contribution to any Pension Plan (if such failure is sufficient to give rise to a Lien under Section 302(f) of ERISA) or to any Multiemployer Plan, or the taking of any action with respect to a Pension Plan which could result in the requirement that the Borrower furnish a bond or other security to the PBGC or such Pension Plan, or the occurrence of any event with respect to any Pension Plan which could result in the incurrence by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any material liability, fine or penalty (including any claim or demand for withdrawal liability or partial withdrawal from any Multiemployer Plan), or any material increase in the contingent liability of the Borrower with respect to any post-retirement welfare benefit plan or other employee benefit plan of the Borrower or another ERISA Affiliate, or any notice that any Multiemployer Plan is in endangered or critical status within the meaning of Section 432 of the Code or Section 305 of ERISA, that increased contributions may be required to avoid a reduction in plan benefits or the imposition of an excise tax, that any such plan is or has been funded at a rate less than that required under Section 412 of the Code, that any such plan is or may be terminated, or that any such plan is or may become insolvent; or (iv) any other event (including (i) any violation of any Environmental Law or the assertion of any Environmental Claim or (ii) the enactment or effectiveness of any law, rule or regulation) which might reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and which will not be disclosed in the next applicable SEC Filings in accordance with the requirements thereof. (f) Projections . As soon as reasonably practicable but no later than 60 days after the beginning of a Fiscal Year, provided that financial projections have been approved by the board of 
 70 

 directors of the Borrower for such Fiscal Year, the financial projections of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such Fiscal Year, with each set of financial projections to be prepared and delivered in the form approved by the board of directors of the Borrower. (g) Other Information . Promptly from time to time, such other information concerning the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries as any Lender or the Administrative Agent may reasonably request. The Borrower hereby acknowledges that (a) the Administrative Agent and/or the Arranger may, but shall not be obligated to, make available to the Lenders and the L/C Issuer materials and/or information provided by or on behalf of the Borrower hereunder (collectively, Borrower Materials by posting the Borrower Materials on a Platform and (b) certain of the Lenders (each, a Public Lender may have personnel who do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its Affiliates, or the respective securities of any of the foregoing, and who may be engaged in investment and other market-related activities with respect to such Persons securities. The Borrower hereby agrees that (w) all Borrower Materials that are to be made available to Public Lenders shall be clearly and conspicuously marked PUBLIC which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word PUBLIC shall appear prominently on the first page thereof; (x) by marking Borrower Materials PUBLIC, the Borrower shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials as not containing any material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States Federal and state securities laws provided , however , that to the extent such Borrower Materials constitute Information, they shall be treated as set forth in Section 10.07 ); (y) all Borrower Materials marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated Public Side Information and (z) the Administrative Agent and the Arranger shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked PUBLIC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated Public Side Information. 6.02 Books, Records and Inspections . Keep, and cause each Restricted Subsidiary to keep, its books and records in accordance with sound business practices sufficient to allow the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP; permit, and cause each Restricted Subsidiary to permit, any Lender or the Administrative Agent or any representative thereof to inspect the properties and operations of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary; and permit, and cause each Restricted Subsidiary to permit, at any reasonable time and with reasonable notice (or at any time without notice if an Event of Default exists), any Lender or the Administrative Agent or any representative thereof to visit any or all of its offices, to discuss its financial matters with its officers and its independent auditors (and the Borrower hereby authorizes such independent auditors to discuss such financial matters with any Lender or the Administrative Agent or any representative thereof), and to examine (and, at the expense of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, photocopy extracts from) any of its books or other records. All such inspections or audits by the Administrative Agent shall be at the Lenders ratable expense, provided that so long as no Event of Default or Default exists, the Borrower shall not be required to reimburse the Lenders for any inspections or audits. 6.03 Maintenance of Property; Insurance . (a) Keep, and cause each Restricted Subsidiary to keep, all property useful and necessary in the business of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted. 
 71 

 (b) Maintain, and cause each Restricted Subsidiary to maintain, with responsible insurance companies, such insurance coverage as may be required by any law or governmental regulation or court decree or order applicable to it and such other insurance, to such extent and against such hazards and liabilities, as is customarily maintained by companies similarly situated. 6.04 Compliance with Laws; Payment of Taxes and Liabilities . (a) Comply, and cause each Restricted Subsidiary to comply, in all material respects with all applicable Laws (including Environmental Laws and requirements of laws and regulations applicable to Pension Plans and Multiemployer Plans and Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions), except where failure to comply could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (b) without limiting clause (a) above, ensure, and cause each Restricted Subsidiary to ensure, that no Person who owns a controlling interest in or otherwise controls a Restricted Subsidiary is or shall be (i) listed on the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Person List maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC ), Department of the Treasury, and/or any other similar lists maintained by OFAC pursuant to any authorizing statute, Executive Order or regulation or (ii) a person designated under Section 1(b), (c) or (d) of Executive Order No. 13224 (September 23, 2001), any related enabling legislation or any other similar Executive Orders; and (c) without limiting clause (a) above, comply, and cause each Restricted Subsidiary to comply, with all applicable Bank Secrecy Act BSA and anti-money laundering laws and regulations. 6.05 Maintenance of Existence, Etc . Maintain and preserve, and (subject to a merger permitted under Section 7.04 cause each Restricted Subsidiary to maintain and preserve (a) its existence and good standing in the jurisdiction of its organization, except in connection with a merger of any Restricted Subsidiary into the Borrower or a Wholly-Owned Restricted Subsidiary and (b) its qualification to do business and good standing in each jurisdiction where the nature of its business makes such qualification necessary (other than such jurisdictions in which the failure to be qualified or in good standing could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect). 6.06 Use of Proceeds . Use the proceeds of the Loans, and the Letters of Credit, solely for working capital purposes, for Acquisitions permitted by Section 7.06 and for other general business purposes and other legal purposes; and not use or permit any proceeds of any Loan to be used, either directly or indirectly, for the purpose, whether immediate, incidental or ultimate, of purchasing or carrying any margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U issued by the FRB), except to the extent such purchase or carrying would not cause a violation of any Law by the Borrower or any Lender. The Borrower shall ensure that its Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall not use the proceeds of any Loan or Letter of Credit (i) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws or (ii) in any manner that would result in the violation by any Person of any applicable Sanctions. 6.07 Additional Guarantors. Notify the Administrative Agent at the time that any Person that is a Domestic Subsidiary becomes a Significant Subsidiary, and promptly thereafter (and in any event within 15 days), cause such Person to (a) become a Guarantor by executing and delivering to the Administrative Agent a counterpart of the Guaranty or such other document as the Administrative Agent shall deem appropriate for such purpose, and (b) deliver to the Administrative Agent documents of the types referred to in clauses (iii) and (iv) of Section 4.01(a) and favorable opinions of counsel to such Person (which shall cover, among other things, the legality, validity, binding effect and enforceability of the documentation referred to in clause (a)), all in form, content and scope reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 72 

 6.08 PATRIOT Act Compliance; Policies and Procedures. The Borrower shall, and shall cause each Subsidiary to, provide such information and take such actions as are reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender in order to assist the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in maintaining compliance with the PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. The Borrower shall, and shall cause each Subsidiary to, maintain policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with the Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions. ARTICLE VII. NEGATIVE COVENANTS Until the expiration or termination of the Commitments and thereafter until all Obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents are paid in full (other than contingent or indemnification obligations which survive the termination of this Agreement) and all Letters of Credit have been terminated, the Borrower agrees that, unless at any time the Required Lenders shall otherwise expressly consent in writing, it will: 7.01 Debt . Not, and not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Debt, except: (a) Obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; (b) Nonrecourse Debt secured by Liens permitted by Section 7.02(d) , and extensions, renewals and refinancings thereof; provided that the aggregate amount of all such Nonrecourse Debt at any time outstanding shall not exceed 125,000,000; (c) Debt of the Borrower to any domestic Restricted Subsidiary or Debt of any domestic Restricted Subsidiary of which the Borrower owns, directly or indirectly, not less than 80 of the Equity Interests of such Subsidiary to the Borrower or another domestic Restricted Subsidiary; provided that such Debt shall be evidenced by a demand note and the obligations under such demand note shall be subordinated to the Obligations of the Borrower hereunder in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; (d) Subordinated Debt provided, that immediately before and immediately after the incurrence of such Subordinated Debt, no Event of Default or Default exists; (e) Hedging Obligations incurred for bona fide hedging purposes and not for speculation; (f) Debt described on Schedule 7.01 and any extension, renewal or refinancing thereof so long as the aggregate principal amount thereof is not increased; (g) Contingent Liabilities arising with respect to customary indemnification obligations in favor of purchasers in connection with dispositions permitted under Section 7.05 ; (h) Except as provided in Section 7.01(i) below, up to 100,000,000 of Acquired Debt assumed in Acquisitions permitted under Section 7.06 provided that any such Debt of any Subsidiary is without any recourse to the Borrower or any other Subsidiary (including any other Guarantor); (i) Acquired Debt arising under Acquisitions permitted under Section 7.06 where the primary obligor thereof is a Guarantor so long as (i) such Acquired Debt is unsecured, and (ii) such 
 73 

 Acquired Debt is without recourse to the Borrower or any other Subsidiary (including any other Guarantor); (j) Debt of the Borrower or a Subsidiary incurred pursuant to Permitted Receivables Transactions; provided , that the unpaid principal or equivalent amount thereunder shall not exceed an aggregate amount of 175,000,000 at any time outstanding; (k) [reserved]; (l) other secured Debt secured by any Lien permitted under clauses (k) or (l) of Section 7.02 ; (m) [reserved]; (n) other secured or unsecured Debt of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate unpaid principal amount not to exceed 50,000,000 at any time outstanding; (o) other unsecured Debt incurred by the Borrower provided, that, immediately before and immediately after the incurrence of such Debt, no Event of Default or Default exists; and (p) other unsecured Debt incurred by any Restricted Subsidiary to Guarantee Debt incurred by the Borrower as permitted by Section 7.01(o) provided that such Subsidiary also contemporaneously Guarantees the Borrower s Obligations under this Agreement pursuant to a Guaranty substantially identical to the Guaranty. 7.02 Liens . Not, and not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, create or permit to exist any Lien on any of its real or personal properties, assets or rights of whatsoever nature (whether now owned or hereafter acquired), except: (a) Liens for taxes, assessments or other governmental charges which are not yet due and payable or the payment of which is not at the time required by Section 6.04 ; (b) statutory Liens of landlords and Liens of carriers, warehousemen, mechanics, materialmen and other similar Liens, in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business and not in connection with borrowed money, for sums not yet due and payable or the payment of which is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings; (c) Liens (other than any Lien imposed by ERISA) incurred or deposits made in the ordinary course of business (i) in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other types of social security or retirement benefits, or (ii) to secure (or to obtain letters of credit that secure) the performance of tenders, statutory obligations, surety bonds, appeal bonds, bids, leases (other than Capital Leases), performance bonds, purchase, construction or sales contracts and other similar obligations, in each case not incurred or made in connection with the borrowing of money, the obtaining of advances or credit or the payment of the deferred purchase price of property; (d) Liens securing Nonrecourse Debt incurred by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (or any Person in which the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary shall be the beneficial owner), provided that such Lien is restricted to aircraft and engines and the lease thereof to a Person other than the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary; 
 74 

 (e) any attachment or judgment Lien; provided , that the judgment it secures shall, within 60 days after the entry thereof, have been discharged or execution thereof stayed pending appeal, or shall have been discharged within 60 days after the expiration of any such stay, or could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (f) Liens on property or assets of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries securing Debt owing to the Borrower or to another Restricted Subsidiary; (g) [Reserved]; (h) leases or subleases (including aircraft or engine leases) granted to others, easements, rights-of-way, restrictions and other similar charges, encumbrances or survey exceptions, in each case incidental to, and not interfering with, the ordinary conduct of the business of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, provided that such Liens do not, in the aggregate, Materially detract from the value of such property; (i) the interest of the lessor of any property subject to a lease (other than a Capital Lease) of such property under which the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary is lessee, whether or not such interest is protected by a precautionary filing; (j) any Lien existing on property of a Person immediately prior to its being consolidated with or merged into the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary or its becoming a Restricted Subsidiary, or any Lien existing on any property acquired by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary at the time such property is so acquired (whether or not the Debt secured thereby shall have been assumed), provided that (i) no such Lien shall have been created or assumed in contemplation of such consolidation or merger or such Person s becoming a Restricted Subsidiary or such acquisition of property, and (ii) each such Lien shall extend solely to the item or items of property so acquired and, if required by the terms of the instrument originally creating such Lien, other property which is an improvement to or is acquired for specific use in connection with such acquired property; (k) any Lien created to secure all or any part of the purchase price, or to secure Debt incurred or assumed to pay all or any part of the purchase price or cost of construction, of property (or any improvement thereon) acquired or constructed by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary after the Closing Date, provided that: (i) any such Lien shall extend solely to the item or items of such property (or improvement thereon) so acquired or constructed and, if required by the terms of the instrument originally creating such Lien, other property (or improvement thereon) which is an improvement to or is acquired for specific use in connection with such acquired or constructed property (or improvement thereon) or which is real property being improved by such acquired or constructed property (or improvement thereon), (ii) the principal amount of the Debt secured by any such Lien shall at no time exceed an amount equal to the lesser of (A) the cost to the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary of the property (or improvement thereon) so acquired or constructed and (B) the fair market value (as determined in good faith by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower) of such property (or improvement thereon) at the time of such acquisition or construction, 
 75 

 (iii) in the case of inventory, the net book value, net of applicable reserves, of all inventory subject to such Liens shall not at any time exceed 20 of the aggregate net book value, net of applicable reserves, of all inventory of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, and (iv) any such Lien shall be created contemporaneously with, or within 365 days after, the acquisition or construction of such property; (l) any Lien renewing, extending or refunding any Lien permitted by paragraphs (g), (j) and (k) of this Section 7.02 , provided that (i) the principal amount of Debt secured by such Lien immediately prior to such extension, renewal or refunding is not increased or the maturity thereof reduced, (ii) such Lien is not extended to any other property, and (iii) immediately after such extension, renewal or refunding no Default or Event of Default would exist; (m) Liens on notes or accounts receivable sold by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (or any related security, collections or proceeds with respect thereto or, if applicable, any segregated bank account established for the purpose of holding, among other things, collections and proceeds with respect to such accounts receivable), incurred pursuant to Permitted Receivables Transactions; provided , that the unpaid principal amount of Debt or other obligations secured by such Liens shall not exceed 150,000,000 at any time outstanding; and (n) Liens securing Debt of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is permitted under Section 7.01(n) . 7.03 Restricted Payments . Not, and not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, (a) make any distribution to any holders of its Equity Interests, (b) purchase or redeem any of its Equity Interests, or (c) set aside funds for any of the foregoing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) any Subsidiary may pay dividends or make other distributions to, and purchase or redeem Equity Interests from, the Borrower or a domestic Wholly-Owned Subsidiary; (ii) any foreign Subsidiary may pay dividends or make other distributions to, and purchase or redeem Equity Interests from, the Borrower or any other Subsidiary; and (iii) so long as no Event of Default or Default exists or would result therefrom, the Borrower may pay dividends or make other distributions to, and purchase or redeem Equity Interests from, the holders of its Equity Interests. 7.04 Mergers and Consolidations . Not, and not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, consolidate with or merge with any other corporation or convey, transfer or lease substantially all of its assets in a single transaction or series of transactions to any Person (except that a Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower may (x) consolidate with or merge with, or convey, transfer or lease substantially all of its assets in a single transaction or series of transactions to, the Borrower or another Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower or any other Person that will, after giving effect to the consummation of such transaction or series of transactions, constitute a Restricted Subsidiary and (y) convey, transfer or lease all of its assets in compliance with the provisions of Section 7.05 ), provided that the foregoing restriction does not apply to the consolidation or merger of the Borrower with, or the conveyance, transfer or lease of substantially all of the assets of the Borrower in a single transaction or series of transactions to, any Person so long as (i) the successor formed by such consolidation or the survivor of such merger or the Person that acquires by conveyance, transfer or lease substantially all of the assets of the Borrower, as the case may be (the Successor Corporation ), shall be a solvent corporation, limited liability company or other limited liability entity organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia, (ii) the Successor Corporation (if not the Borrower) agrees in writing to assume all of the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement and each other Loan Document to which the 
 76 

 Borrower is a party, and (iii) immediately after giving effect to such transaction no Default or Event of Default would exist. No such conveyance, transfer or lease of substantially all of the assets of the Borrower shall have the effect of releasing the Borrower or any Successor Corporation from its liability under this Agreement or the Loan Documents. 7.05 Sale of Assets, Etc. . Except as permitted under Section 7.04 or in connection with an Acquisition not prohibited by Section 7.06 , not, and not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, make any Asset Dispositions unless: (a) in the good faith opinion of the Borrower, the Asset Disposition is in exchange for consideration having a Fair Market Value at least equal to that of the property exchanged and is in the best interest of the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary; (b) immediately after giving effect to the Asset Disposition, no Default or Event of Default would exist; and (c) immediately after giving effect to the Asset Disposition, the Disposition Value of all property that was the subject of any Asset Disposition (other than any Transfers pursuant to clause (ii) below) occurring in the then current Fiscal Year of the Borrower would not exceed 10 of Consolidated Assets as of the end of the then most recently ended Fiscal Year of the Borrower. If the Net Proceeds Amount for any Transfer is applied to a Debt Prepayment Application or a Property Reinvestment Application within 365 days after such Transfer or, if a letter of intent or binding commitment to reinvest such Net Proceeds Amount is entered into within such 365-day period, within 545 days after such Transfer, then, in each case, such Transfer, only for the purpose of determining compliance with subsection (c) of this Section as of a date on or after the Net Proceeds Amount is so applied, shall be deemed not to be an Asset Disposition. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries may (i) Transfer their interests in the Cargo/Precision Companies, (ii) make Transfers related to the Disposition of AAR Airlift Group, Inc. with an aggregate Disposition Value not to exceed 90,000,000, (iii) enter into any Permitted Receivables Transaction permitted under Section 7.01, and (iv) make Transfers related to the Disposition of AAR Manufacturing, Inc. with an aggregate Disposition Value not to exceed the Specified Value (as defined in the Fee Letter). 7.06 Acquisitions . Not, and not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, acquire all or substantially all of the assets or any Equity Interests of any class of, or any partnership or joint venture interest in, any other Person, except for any Acquisition by the Borrower or any domestic Wholly-Owned Subsidiary that is a Restricted Subsidiary where: (a) the business or division acquired are for use, or the Person acquired is engaged, in a business which would not cause the general nature of the business in which the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, are engaged immediately after giving effect to such Acquisition to be substantially changed from the general nature of the business in which the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, are engaged on or immediately prior to the Closing Date; (b) immediately before and after giving effect to such Acquisition, no Event of Default or Default shall exist; 
 77 

 (c) immediately after giving effect to such Acquisition, the Borrower is in pro forma compliance with all the financial ratios and restrictions set forth in Section 7.13 ; provided , that (x) the Borrower shall calculate such pro forma compliance based upon the most-recent trailing twelve month historical financial statements for the Borrower and the target to be acquired, (y) all such information for the Borrower and the target shall be used and shall comply with the defined terms (such as, for example, Consolidated Net Income) used in this Agreement to calculate, among other things, financial covenants, and (z) the following formula shall be used to determine the target s EBITDA: Consolidated Net Income plus , to the extent deducted in determining such Consolidated Net Income, Interest Expense, income and franchise tax expense, depreciation and amortization; and (d) in the case of the Acquisition of any Person, the board of directors or similar governing body of such Person has approved such Acquisition prior to the occurrence thereof; (e) to the extent available, reasonably prior to such Acquisition, the Administrative Agent shall have received complete executed or conformed copies of each material document, instrument and agreement to be executed in connection with such Acquisition together with all lien search reports and lien release letters and other documents as the Administrative Agent may require to evidence the termination of Liens on the assets or business to be acquired (except to the extent the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary is assuming such Liens pursuant to the Acquisition); (f) to the extent available, Borrower shall use reasonable efforts prior to such Acquisition to provide the Administrative Agent an acquisition summary with respect to the Person and/or business or division to be acquired, such summary to include a reasonably detailed description thereof (including financial information) and operating results (including financial statements for the most recent 12 month period for which they are available and as otherwise available), the terms and conditions, including economic terms, of the proposed Acquisition, and the Borrower s calculation of pro forma EBITDA relating thereto; and (g) if the Acquisition is structured as a merger, the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary is the surviving entity (including a surviving entity that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary); provided, that clauses (e) and (f) shall apply only if the consideration paid in connection with the Acquisition is greater than 25,000,000. 7.07 [Reserved] . 7.08 Transactions with Affiliates . Not, and not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, enter into, or cause, suffer or permit to exist any transaction, arrangement or contract with any of its Affiliates (other than its Subsidiaries) which is on terms which are materially less favorable than are obtainable from any Person which is not one of its Affiliates. 7.09 Inconsistent Agreements . Not, and not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, enter into any agreement, document or instrument after the Closing Date containing any provision which would (a) be violated or breached by any borrowing by the Borrower hereunder or by the performance by the Borrower of any of its Obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document, (b) prohibit the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary from granting to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, a Lien on any of its assets (other than any provision in any agreement relating to Debt secured by Liens permitted under Section 7.02(k) , Acquired Debt, Nonrecourse Debt or Permitted Receivables Transactions that prohibits the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary from granting a Lien to the 
 78 

 Administrative Agent and the Lenders upon the asset or assets which secure such Debt or otherwise directly corresponding with such financing), or (c) create or permit to exist or become effective any encumbrance or restriction on the ability of any Restricted Subsidiary to (i) pay dividends or make other distributions to the Borrower or any Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, or pay any Debt owed to the Borrower or any other Restricted Subsidiary, (ii) make loans or advances to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or (iii) transfer any of its assets or properties to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, other than (A) customary restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to the sale of all or a substantial part of the assets of any Subsidiary pending such sale, provided that such restrictions and conditions apply only to the Subsidiary to be sold and such sale is permitted hereunder, (B) restrictions or conditions, other than those prohibited by clause (b), imposed by any agreement relating to Debt secured by Liens permitted under Section 7.02(k) , Acquired Debt, Nonrecourse Debt, Permitted Receivables Transactions and other secured Debt permitted by this Agreement and (C) customary provisions in leases and other contracts restricting the assignment thereof. 7.10 Business Activities . Not, and not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, engage in any business if, as a result, the general nature of the business in which the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, would then be engaged would be substantially changed from the general nature of the business in which the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, are engaged on the Closing Date. 7.11 Investments . Not, and not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, make or permit to exist any Investment in any other Person, except the following: (a) contributions by the Borrower to the capital of any Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, or by any Subsidiary to the capital of any other domestic Wholly-Owned Subsidiary; provided , however , that neither the Borrower nor any Restricted Subsidiary shall make an Investment in an Unrestricted Subsidiary to finance in whole or in part an Acquisition; (b) Investments in any Person that concurrently with such Investment becomes a Restricted Subsidiary; (c) Investments in property to be used in the ordinary course of business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries; (d) Investments constituting Debt permitted by Section 7.01 ; (e) Contingent Liabilities constituting Debt permitted by Section 7.01 or Liens permitted by Section 7.02 ; (f) Cash Equivalent Investments; (g) bank deposits in the ordinary course of business; (h) Investments in securities of account debtors received pursuant to any plan of reorganization or similar arrangement upon the bankruptcy or insolvency of such account debtors; (i) Investments in a Restricted Subsidiary to permit the Restricted Subsidiary to consummate Acquisitions permitted by Section 7.06 ; 
 79 

 (j) Investments listed on Schedule 7.11 as of the Closing Date; (k) treasury stock; and (l) Investments in Unrestricted Subsidiaries and other Investments, provided that immediately after giving effect to any such Investment the Borrower is in compliance with Section 7.13 and no Event of Default or Default exists; provided that (x) any Investment which when made complies with the requirements of the definition of the term Cash Equivalent Investment may continue to be held notwithstanding that such Investment if made thereafter would not comply with such requirements; (y) no Investment otherwise permitted by clause (d), (e), or (i) shall be permitted to be made if, immediately before or after giving effect thereto, any Event of Default or Default exists. 7.12 Fiscal Year . Not change its Fiscal Year. 7.13 Financial Covenants . (a) Minimum Interest Coverage Ratio. Not permit the Interest Coverage Ratio for any Computation Period to be less than 3.00 to 1.00. (b) Maximum Adjusted Total Debt to EBITDA Ratio. Not permit the Adjusted Total Debt to EBITDA Ratio for any Computation Period to be greater than 3.50 to 1.00; provided , that in connection with any Acquisition (whether by direct purchase, merger or otherwise and whether in a single transaction or series of related transactions) for which the aggregate purchase price in respect thereof is greater than or equal to 75,000,000 (any such acquisition, a Specified Acquisition ), the Adjusted Total Debt to EBITDA Ratio with respect to any Computation Period ending on the last day of each of the four consecutive Fiscal Quarters commencing with the Fiscal Quarter in which such Specified Acquisition occurs (each such period, an Acquisition Holiday shall not exceed 4.00:1.00; provided , further that (w) at the time of commencement of any such Acquisition Holiday, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (x) no Acquisition Holiday shall be available during the two (2) consecutive Fiscal Quarters occurring immediately after any Acquisition Holiday shall have concluded and (y) for the avoidance of doubt, for all Computation Periods after the end of an Acquisition Holiday prior to any subsequent Acquisition Holiday, the maximum permitted Adjusted Total Debt to EBITDA Ratio shall revert to 3.50 to 1.00. ARTICLE VIII. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 8.01 Events of Default . Any of the following shall constitute an Event of Default: (a) Non-Payment . The Borrower or any other Loan Party fails to pay (i) when and as required to be paid herein or under the Guaranty, any amount of principal of any Loan, any L/C Obligation or any payment due under the Guaranty, or (ii) within five days after the same becomes due and the Borrower or any other Loan Party shall have received notice of the amount due, any interest on any Loan or on any L/C Obligation, or any fee due hereunder, or (iii) within five days after the same becomes due, any other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document; or (b) Non-Payment of Other Debt . Any default shall occur under the terms applicable to any Debt of the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary in an aggregate amount (for all such Debt so affected 
 80 

 and including undrawn committed or available amounts and amounts owing to all creditors under any combined or syndicated credit arrangement) exceeding 50,000,000 and such default shall (i) consist of the failure to pay such Debt when due, whether by acceleration or otherwise, or (ii) accelerate the maturity of such Debt or permit the holder or holders thereof, or any trustee or agent for such holder or holders, to cause such Debt to become due and payable (or require the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to purchase or redeem such Debt or post cash collateral in respect thereof) prior to its expressed maturity; or (c) Specific Covenants . The Borrower fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in any of Section 6.01(e) , 6.05 , 7.01 , 7.02 , 7.03 , 7.04 , 7.05 , 7.06 or 7.13 ; or (d) Other Defaults . Any Loan Party fails to perform or observe any other covenant or agreement (not specified in subsection (a) or (c) above) contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed and such failure continues for 30 days; or (e) Hedging Agreements . There occurs under any Hedging Agreement an early termination date resulting from (A) any event of default under such Hedging Agreement as to which the Borrower or any Subsidiary is the defaulting party or (B) any termination event under such Hedging Agreement as to which the Borrower or any Subsidiary is an affected party and, in either event, the Hedging Termination Value owed by the Borrower or such Subsidiary as a result thereof is greater than the 25,000,000; or (f) Representations and Warranties . Any representation, warranty, certification or statement of fact made or deemed made by or on behalf of the Borrower or any other Loan Party herein, in any other Loan Document, or in any document delivered in connection herewith or therewith shall be incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed made; or (g) Insolvency Proceedings, Etc . The Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries institutes or consents to the institution of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors; or applies for or consents to the appointment of any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer for it or for all or any material part of its property; or any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer is appointed without the application or consent of such Person and the appointment continues undischarged or unstayed for 60 calendar days; or any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law relating to any such Person or to all or any material part of its property is instituted without the consent of such Person and continues undismissed or unstayed for 60 calendar days, or an order for relief is entered in any such proceeding; or (h) Inability to Pay Debts; Attachment . (i) The Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary becomes unable or admits in writing its inability or fails generally to pay its debts as they become due, or (ii) any writ or warrant of attachment or execution or similar process is issued or levied against all or any material part of the property of any such Person and is not released, vacated or fully bonded within 60 days after its issue or levy; or (i) Judgments . There is entered against the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary one or more final judgments or orders for the payment of money in an aggregate amount (as to all such judgments or orders) exceeding 50,000,000 (to the extent not covered by independent third-party insurance as to which the insurer does not dispute coverage) and (i) enforcement proceedings are commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or order, or (ii) there is a period of 60 consecutive days 
 81 

 during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, is not in effect; or (j) ERISA . (i) An ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan which has resulted or would reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Borrower under Title IV of ERISA to the Pension Plan, Multiemployer Plan or PBGC in an aggregate amount in excess of 50,000,000, or (ii) the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate fails to pay when due, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, any installment payment with respect to its withdrawal liability under Section 4201 of ERISA under a Multiemployer Plan in an aggregate amount in excess of 50,000,000; or (k) Invalidity of Loan Documents; Effectiveness of Guaranty . Any material provision of any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or satisfaction in full of all the Obligations, ceases to be in full force and effect; or any Loan Party or any other Person contests in any manner the validity or enforceability of any material provision of any Loan Document; or any Loan Party denies that it has any or further liability or obligation under any Loan Document, or purports to revoke, terminate or rescind any material provision of any Loan Document; or (l) Change of Control . There occurs any Change of Control. 8.02 Remedies Upon Event of Default . If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Administrative Agent shall, at the request of, or may, with the consent of, the Required Lenders, take any or all of the following actions: (a) declare the Commitment of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions to be terminated, whereupon such Commitments and obligation shall be terminated; (b) declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower; (c) require that the Borrower Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations (in an amount equal to the then Outstanding Amount thereof); and (d) exercise on behalf of itself, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer all rights and remedies available to it, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer under the Loan Documents; provided , however , that upon the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to the Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, the obligation of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions shall automatically terminate, the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and payable, and the obligation of the Borrower to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations as aforesaid shall automatically become effective, in each case without further act of the Administrative Agent or any Lender. 8.03 Application of Funds . After the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 8.02 (or after the Loans have automatically become immediately due and payable and the L/C Obligations have 
 82 

 automatically been required to be Cash Collateralized as set forth in the proviso to Section 8.02 ), any amounts received on account of the Obligations shall, subject to the provisions of Sections 2.17 and 2.18 , be applied by the Administrative Agent in the following order: First , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent and amounts payable under Article III payable to the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such; Second , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal, interest and Letter of Credit Fees) payable to the Lenders and the L/C Issuer (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the respective Lenders and the L/C Issuer and amounts payable under Article III ), ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Second payable to them; Third , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid Letter of Credit Fees and interest on the Loans, L/C Borrowings and other Obligations, ratably among the Lenders and the L/C Issuer in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Third payable to them; Fourth , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans, L/C Borrowings, Hedging Obligations and Bank Product Obligations, ratably among the Lenders or their Affiliates and the L/C Issuer in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Fourth held by them; Fifth , to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer, to Cash Collateralize that portion of L/C Obligations comprised of the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit to the extent not otherwise Cash Collateralized by the Borrower pursuant to Sections 2.04 and 2.17 ; and Last , the balance, if any, after all of the Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full, to the Borrower or as otherwise required by Law. Subject to Sections 2.04(c) and 2.17 , amounts used to Cash Collateralize the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to clause Fifth above shall be applied to satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as they occur. If any amount remains on deposit as Cash Collateral after all Letters of Credit have either been fully drawn or expired, such remaining amount shall be applied to the other Obligations, if any, in the order set forth above. ARTICLE IX. ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 9.01 Appointment and Authority . Each of the Lenders and the L/C Issuer hereby irrevocably appoints Wells Fargo to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer, and neither the Borrower nor any other Loan Party shall have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions. It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties. 
 83 

 9.02 Rights as a Lender . The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders. 9.03 Exculpatory Provisions . The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent: (a) shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing; (b) shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents), provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable law; and (c) shall not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Sections 10.01 and 8.02 or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until notice describing such Default is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower, a Lender or the L/C Issuer. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent. 
 84 

 9.04 Reliance by Administrative Agent . The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or the L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or the L/C Issuer unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender or the L/C Issuer prior to the making of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 9.05 Delegation of Duties . The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and non-appealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents. 9.06 Resignation of Administrative Agent . The Administrative Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders, the L/C Issuer and the Borrower. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, in consultation with the Borrower, to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may on behalf of the Lenders and the L/C Issuer, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above; provided that if the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders that no qualifying Person has accepted such appointment, then such resignation shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice and (1) the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and (2) all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender and the L/C Issuer directly, until such time as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above in this Section. Upon the acceptance of a successor s appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or retired) Administrative Agent, and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section). The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the retiring Administrative Agent s resignation hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this 
 85 

 Article and Section 10.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent. 9.07 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders . Each Lender and the L/C Issuer acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender and the L/C Issuer also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. 9.08 No Other Duties, Etc . Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, no Arrangers listed on the cover page hereof shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent, a Lender or the L/C Issuer hereunder. 9.09 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim. In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or L/C Obligation shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: (a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, L/C Obligations and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders, the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders, the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.04(h) and (i) , 2.10 and 10.04 allowed in such judicial proceeding; and (b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender and the L/C Issuer to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders and the L/C Issuer, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.10 and 10.04 . Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or the L/C Issuer any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or the L/C Issuer to 
 86 

 authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or the L/C Issuer in any such proceeding. 9.10 Guaranty Matters. The Lenders and the L/C Issuer irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its discretion, to release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Guaranty if such Person ceases to be a Restricted Subsidiary as a result of a transaction permitted hereunder. Upon request by the Administrative Agent at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Administrative Agent s authority to release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Guaranty pursuant to this Section 9.10 . 9.11 Syndication Agents. None of the Lenders identified in this Agreement as a Syndication Agent shall have any right, power, obligation, liability, responsibility or duty under this Agreement other than those applicable to all Lenders as such. Without limiting the foregoing, none of such Lenders shall have or be deemed to have a fiduciary relationship with any Lender. Each Lender hereby makes the same acknowledgments with respect to such Lenders as it makes with respect to the Administrative Agent in Section 9.07 . 9.12 Certain ERISA Matters . (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true: (i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments or this Agreement, (ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 
 87 

 (iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. (b) In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers and their respective Affiliates and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that the Administrative Agent is not a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). 9.13 Erroneous Payments . (a) Each Lender, each L/C Issuer and any other party hereto hereby severally agrees that if (i) the Administrative Agent notifies (which such notice shall be conclusive absent manifest error) such Lender or L/C Issuer (Affiliate thereof) or any other Person that has received funds from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates, either for its own account or on behalf of a Lender or L/C Issuer (each such recipient, a Payment Recipient that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Payment Recipient were erroneously transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly received by, such Payment Recipient (whether or not known to such Payment Recipient) or (ii) any Payment Recipient receives any payment from the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment, as applicable, (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment, as applicable, or (z) that such Payment Recipient otherwise becomes aware was transmitted or received in error or by mistake (in whole or in part) then, in each case, an error in payment shall be presumed to have been made (any such amounts specified in clauses (i) or (ii) of this Section 9.13 , whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise; individually and collectively, an Erroneous Payment ), then, in each case, such Payment Recipient is deemed to have knowledge of such error at the time of its receipt of such Erroneous Payment; provided that nothing in this Section shall require the Administrative Agent to provide any of the notices specified in clauses (i) or (ii) above. Each Payment Recipient agrees that it shall not assert any right or claim to any Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payments, including without limitation waiver of any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. (b) Without limiting the immediately preceding clause (a), each Payment Recipient agrees that, in the case of clause (a)(ii) above, it shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent in writing of such occurrence. (c) In the case of either clause (a)(i) or (a)(ii) above, such Erroneous Payment shall at all times remain the property of the Administrative Agent and shall be segregated by the Payment Recipient 
 88 

 and held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, and upon demand from the Administrative Agent such Payment Recipient shall (or, shall cause any Person who received any portion of an Erroneous Payment on its behalf to), promptly, but in all events no later than two Business Days thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds and in the currency so received, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Payment Recipient to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the Overnight Rate. (d) In the event that an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered by the Administrative Agent for any reason, after demand therefor by the Administrative Agent in accordance with immediately preceding clause (c), from any Lender that is a Payment Recipient or an Affiliate of a Payment Recipient (such unrecovered amount as to such Lender, an Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency ), then at the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent and upon the Administrative Agent s written notice to such Lender (i) such Lender shall be deemed to have made a cashless assignment of the full face amount of the portion of its Loans (but not its Commitments) with respect to which such Erroneous Payment was made (the Erroneous Payment Impacted Class to the Administrative Agent or, at the option of the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent s applicable lending affiliate in an amount that is equal to the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (or such lesser amount as the Administrative Agent may specify) (such assignment of the Loans (but not Commitments) of the Erroneous Payment Impacted Class, the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment plus any accrued and unpaid interest on such assigned amount, without further consent or approval of any party hereto and without any payment by the Administrative Agent or its applicable lending affiliate as the assignee of such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that (1) any assignment contemplated in this clause (d) shall be made without any requirement for any payment or other consideration paid by the applicable assignee or received by the assignor, (2) the provisions of this clause (d) shall govern in the event of any conflict with the terms and conditions of Section 10.06 and (3) the Administrative Agent may reflect such assignments in the Register without further consent or action by any other Person. (e) Each party hereto hereby agrees that (x) in the event an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered from any Payment Recipient that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent (1) shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Payment Recipient with respect to such amount and (2) is authorized to set off, net and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Payment Recipient under any Loan Document, or otherwise payable or distributable by the Administrative Agent to such Payment Recipient from any source, against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this Section 9.13 or under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement, (y) the receipt of an Erroneous Payment by a Payment Recipient shall not for the purpose of this Agreement be treated as a payment, prepayment, repayment, discharge or other satisfaction of any Obligations, except, in each case, to the extent such Erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent from, or on behalf of (including the exercise of remedies under any Loan Document), the Borrower for the purpose of making a payment on the Obligations and (z) to the extent that an Erroneous Payment was in any way or at any time credited as payment or satisfaction of any of the Obligations, the Obligations or any part thereof that were so credited, and all rights of the Payment Recipient, as the case may be, shall be reinstated and continue in full force and effect as if such payment or satisfaction had never been received, except, in each case, to the extent such Erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent from, or on behalf of (including the exercise of remedies under any Loan 
 89 

 Document), the Borrower for the purpose of making a payment on the Obligations; provided that this Section 9.13 shall not be interpreted to increase (or accelerate the due date for), or have the effect of increasing (or accelerating the due date for), the Obligations of the Borrower relative to the amount (or timing for payment) of the Obligations that would have been payable had such Erroneous Payment not been made by the Administrative Agent. (f) Each party s obligations under this Section 9.13 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any transfer of right or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations (or any portion thereof) under any Loan Document. (g) Nothing in this Section 9.13 will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of the Administrative Agent hereunder arising from any Payment Recipient s receipt of an Erroneous Payment. ARTICLE X. MISCELLANEOUS 10.01 Amendments, Etc . Subject to Section 2.16(e) and Section 3.03(c) , no amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and no consent to any departure by the Borrower or any other Loan Party therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Required Lenders and the Borrower or the applicable Loan Party, as the case may be, and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent, and each such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided , however , that no such amendment, waiver or consent shall: (a) waive any condition set forth in Section 4.01(a) without the written consent of each Lender; (b) extend or increase the Commitment of any Lender (or reinstate any Commitment terminated pursuant to Section 8.02 without the written consent of such Lender; (c) postpone any date fixed by this Agreement or any other Loan Document for any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts due to the Lenders (or any of them) hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; (d) reduce the principal of, or the rate of interest specified herein on, any Loan or L/C Borrowing, or (subject to clause (iv) of the second proviso to this Section 10.01 any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; provided , however , that only the consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary (i) to amend the definition of Default Rate or to waive any obligation of the Borrower to pay interest or Letter of Credit Fees at the Default Rate or (ii) to amend any financial covenant hereunder (or any defined term used therein) even if the effect of such amendment would be to reduce the rate of interest on any Loan or L/C Borrowing or to reduce any fee payable hereunder; (e) change Section 8.03 in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby without the written consent of each Lender; (f) change any provision of this Section or the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to amend, waive or otherwise 
 90 

 modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender; or (g) except in accordance with Section 9.10 , release all or substantially all of the value of the Guaranty without the written consent of each Lender; and, provided further , that (i) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the L/C Issuer in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the L/C Issuer under this Agreement or any Issuer Document relating to any Letter of Credit issued or to be issued by it; (ii) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Swing Line Lender in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Swing Line Lender under this Agreement; (iii) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; and (iv) the Fee Letter may be amended, or rights or privileges thereunder waived, in a writing executed only by the parties thereto. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or consent which by its terms requires the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender may be effected with the consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders), except that (x) the Commitment of any Defaulting Lender may not be increased or extended without the consent of such Lender and (y) any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender that by its terms affects any Defaulting Lender more adversely than other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender. 10.02 Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communication . (a) Notices Generally . Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as provided in subsection (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by facsimile or electronic mail as follows, and all notices and other communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows: (i) if to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender, to the address, telecopier number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified for such Person on Schedule 10.02 ; and (ii) if to any other Lender, to the address, telecopier number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified in its Administrative Questionnaire (including, as appropriate, notices delivered solely to the Person designated by a Lender on its Administrative Questionnaire then in effect for the delivery of notices that may contain material non-public information relating to the Borrower). Notices and other communications sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received; notices and other communications sent by telecopier shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient). Notices and other communications delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in subsection (b) below, shall be effective as provided in such subsection (b). 
 91 

 (b) Electronic Communications . Notices and other communications to the Lenders and the L/C Issuer hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail and internet or intranet websites including IntraLinks or another similar electronic system (the Platform )) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent, provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender or the L/C Issuer pursuant to Article II if such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as applicable, has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it, provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), provided that if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient, and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor. (c) The Platform . THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties have any liability to the Borrower, any Lender, the L/C Issuer or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Borrower s or the Administrative Agent s transmission of Borrower Materials through the internet, except to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Agent Party; provided , however , that in no event shall any Agent Party have any liability to the Borrower, any Lender, the L/C Issuer or any other Person for indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages). (d) Change of Address, Etc . Each of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender may change its address, telecopier or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. Each other Lender may change its address, telecopier or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender. In addition, each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent from time to time to ensure that the Administrative Agent has on record (i) an effective address, contact name, telephone number, telecopier number and electronic mail address to which notices and other communications may be sent and (ii) accurate wire instructions for such Lender. Furthermore, each Public Lender agrees to cause at least one individual at or on behalf of 
 92 

 such Public Lender to at all times have selected the Private Side Information or similar designation on the content declaration screen of the Platform in order to enable such Public Lender or its delegate, in accordance with such Public Lender s compliance procedures and Applicable Law, including United States Federal and state securities Laws, to make reference to Borrower Materials that are not made available through the Public Side Information portion of the Platform and that may contain material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States Federal or state securities laws. (e) Reliance by Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer and Lenders . The Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices (including telephonic Committed Loan Notices and Swing Line Loan Notices) purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer, each Lender and the Related Parties of each of them from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower. All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with the Administrative Agent may be recorded by the Administrative Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording. 10.03 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies; Enforcement . No failure by any Lender, the L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent to exercise, and no delay by any such Person in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the authority to enforce rights and remedies hereunder and under the other Loan Documents against the Loan Parties or any of them shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at law in connection with such enforcement shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 8.02 for the benefit of all the Lenders and the L/C Issuer; provided , however , that the foregoing shall not prohibit (a) the Administrative Agent from exercising on its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Administrative Agent) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (b) the L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender from exercising the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as the case may be) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (c) any Lender from exercising setoff rights in accordance with Section 10.08 (subject to the terms of Section 2.14 ), or (d) any Lender from filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing pleadings on its own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding relative to any Loan Party under any Debtor Relief Law; and provided , further , that if at any time there is no Person acting as Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, then (i) the Required Lenders shall have the rights otherwise ascribed to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 8.02 and (ii) in addition to the matters set forth in clauses (b), (c) and (d) of the preceding proviso and subject to Section 2.14 , any Lender may, with the consent of the Required Lenders, enforce any rights and remedies available to it and as authorized by the Required Lenders. 
 93 

 10.04 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver . (a) Costs and Expenses . The Borrower shall pay (i) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates (including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent), in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), (ii) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the L/C Issuer in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder and (iii) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L/C Issuer (including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L/C Issuer), and shall pay all fees and time charges for attorneys who may be employees of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L/C Issuer, in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights (A) in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section, or (B) in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit. (b) Indemnification by the Borrower . The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof), each Lender and the L/C Issuer, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses (including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee) , incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any third party or by the Borrower or any other Loan Party arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder, the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or, in the case of the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof) and its Related Parties only, the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including in respect of any matters addressed in Section 3.01 ), (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by the L/C Issuer to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by the Borrower or any other Loan Party, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses (x) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or (y) result from a claim brought by the Borrower or any other Loan Party against an Indemnitee for breach in bad faith of such Indemnitee s obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document, if the Borrower or such other Loan Party has obtained a final and nonappealable judgment in its favor on such claim as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction. (c) Reimbursement by Lenders . To the extent that the Borrower for any reason fails to indefeasibly pay any amount required under subsection (a) or (b) of this Section to be paid by it to the 
 94 

 Administrative Agent (or any sub-agent thereof), the L/C Issuer or any Related Party of any of the foregoing, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), the L/C Issuer or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lender s Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount, provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) or the L/C Issuer in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) or L/C Issuer in connection with such capacity. The obligations of the Lenders under this subsection (c) are subject to the provisions of Section 2.13(d) . (d) Waiver of Consequential Damages, Etc . To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Borrower shall not assert, and hereby waives, any claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof. No Indemnitee referred to in subsection (b) above shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed to such unintended recipients by such Indemnitee through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby other than for direct or actual damages resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee as determined by a final and nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. (e) Payments . All amounts due under this Section shall be payable not later than ten Business Days after demand therefor. (f) Survival . The agreements in this Section shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations. 10.05 Payments Set Aside . To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Borrower is made to the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or any Lender, or the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender and the L/C Issuer severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share (without duplication) of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. The obligations of the Lenders and the L/C Issuer under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 
 95 

 10.06 Successors and Assigns . (a) Successors and Assigns Generally . The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that neither the Borrower nor any other Loan Party may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of subsection (b) of this Section, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of subsection (d) of this Section, or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of subsection (f) of this Section (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in subsection (d) of this Section and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. (b) Assignments by Lenders . Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans (including for purposes of this subsection (b), participations in L/C Obligations and in Swing Line Loans) at the time owing to it); provided that any such assignment shall be subject to the following conditions: (i) Minimum Amounts . (A) in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it or in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, no minimum amount need be assigned; and (B) in any case not described in subsection (b)(i)(A) of this Section, the aggregate amount of the Commitment (which for this purpose includes Loans outstanding thereunder) or, if the Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment, determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if Trade Date is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date, shall not be less than 5,000,000 unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); provided , however , that concurrent assignments to members of an Assignee Group and concurrent assignments from members of an Assignee Group to a single Eligible Assignee (or to an Eligible Assignee and members of its Assignee Group) will be treated as a single assignment for purposes of determining whether such minimum amount has been met. (ii) Proportionate Amounts . Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Loans or the Commitment assigned, except that this clause (ii) shall not apply 
 96 

 to rights in respect of the Swing Line Lender s rights and obligations in respect of Swing Line Loans; (iii) Required Consents . No consent shall be required for any assignment except to the extent required by subsection (b)(i)(B) of this Section and, in addition: (A) the consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld) shall be required unless (1) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment or (2) such assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund; provided that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within five (5) Business Days after having received notice thereof; (B) the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required if such assignment is to a Person that is not a Lender, an Affiliate of such Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to such Lender; (C) the consent of the L/C Issuer (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for any assignment that increases the obligation of the assignee to participate in exposure under one or more Letters of Credit (whether or not then outstanding); and (D) the consent of the Swing Line Lender (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for any assignment. (iv) Assignment and Assumption . The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee in the amount of 3,500; provided , however , that the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment. The assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire. (v) No Assignment to Certain Persons . No such assignment shall be made (A) to the Borrower or any of the Borrower s Affiliates or Subsidiaries, or (B) to any Defaulting Lender or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause (B), or (C) to a natural person. (vi) Certain Additional Payments . In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent or any Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon) and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full 
 97 

 pro rata share of all Loans and participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable Law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to subsection (c) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01 , 3.04 , 3.05 , and 10.04 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment. Upon request, the Borrower (at its expense) shall execute and deliver a Note to the assignee Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this subsection shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with subsection (d) of this Section. (c) Register . The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower (and such agency being solely for tax purposes), shall maintain at the Administrative Agent s Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts (and stated interest) of the Loans and L/C Obligations owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. In addition, the Administrative Agent shall maintain on the Register information regarding the designation, and revocation of designation, of any Lender as a Defaulting Lender . The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. (d) Participations . Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural person, a Defaulting Lender or the Borrower or any of the Borrower s Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans (including such Lender s participations in L/C Obligations and/or Swing Line Loans) owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting for itself and, solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower (and such agency being solely for tax purposes), maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents. The entries in such register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and each Lender shall 
 98 

 treat each Person whose name is recorded in such register pursuant to the terms hereof as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in the first proviso to Section 10.01 that affects such Participant. Subject to subsection (e) of this Section, the Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01 , 3.04 and 3.05 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to subsection (b) of this Section. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 10.08 as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.14 as though it were a Lender. (e) Limitations upon Participant Rights . A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 3.01 or 3.04 than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the Borrower s prior written consent. A Participant that would be a Foreign Lender if it were a Lender shall not be entitled to the benefits of Section 3.01 unless the Borrower is notified of the participation sold to such Participant and such Participant agrees, for the benefit of the Borrower, to comply with Section 3.01(e) as though it were a Lender. (f) Certain Pledges . Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including under its Note, if any) to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. (g) Resignation as L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender after Assignment . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if at any time Wells Fargo assigns all of its Commitment and Loans pursuant to subsection (b) above, Wells Fargo may, (i) upon 30 days notice to the Borrower and the Lenders, resign as L/C Issuer and/or (ii) upon 30 days notice to the Borrower, resign as Swing Line Lender. In the event of any such resignation as L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, the Borrower shall be entitled to appoint from among the Lenders a successor L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender hereunder; provided , however , that no failure by the Borrower to appoint any such successor shall affect the resignation of Wells Fargo as L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as the case may be. If Wells Fargo resigns as L/C Issuer, it shall retain all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the L/C Issuer hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as L/C Issuer and all L/C Obligations with respect thereto (including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Committed Loans or fund risk participations in Unreimbursed Amounts pursuant to Section 2.04(c) ). If Wells Fargo resigns as Swing Line Lender, it shall retain all the rights of the Swing Line Lender provided for hereunder with respect to Swing Line Loans made by it and outstanding as of the effective date of such resignation, including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Committed Loans or fund risk participations in outstanding Swing Line Loans pursuant to Section 2.05(c) . Upon the appointment of a successor L/C Issuer and/or Swing Line Lender, (a) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as the case may be, and (b) the successor L/C Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding at the time of such succession 
 99 

 or make other arrangements satisfactory to Wells Fargo to effectively assume the obligations of Wells Fargo with respect to such Letters of Credit. 10.07 Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality . Each of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates and to its and its Affiliates respective partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, advisors and representatives with a need to know (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over it (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party hereto, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or any Eligible Assignee invited to be a Lender pursuant to Section 2.16(c) or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Borrower and its obligations, (g) with the consent of the Borrower or (h) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (y) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender, the L/C Issuer or any of their respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Borrower. For purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from the Borrower or any Subsidiary relating to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or any of their respective businesses, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L/C Issuer on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower or any Subsidiary, provided that, in the case of information received from the Borrower or any Subsidiary after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. Each of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer acknowledges that (a) the Information may include material non-public information concerning the Borrower or a Subsidiary, as the case may be, (b) it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of material non-public information and (c) it will handle such material non-public information in accordance with applicable Law, including United States Federal and state securities Laws. 10.08 Right of Setoff. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender, the L/C Issuer and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Lender, the L/C Issuer or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower or any other Loan Party against any and all of the obligations of the Borrower or such Loan Party now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, irrespective of whether or not such Lender or the L/C Issuer shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations of the Borrower or such Loan Party may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch or office of such Lender or the L/C Issuer different from the branch or office holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness; provided , that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise 
 100 

 any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.18 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Lender, the L/C Issuer and their respective Affiliates under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender, the L/C Issuer or their respective Affiliates may have. Each Lender and the L/C Issuer agrees to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application, provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. 10.09 Interest Rate Limitation . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by applicable Law (the Maximum Rate ). If the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Borrower. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by the Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder. 10.10 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01 , this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof that, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by telecopy or other electronic imaging means shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. 10.11 Survival of Representations and Warranties. All representations and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof. Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by the Administrative Agent and each Lender, regardless of any investigation made by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or on their behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of any Credit Extension, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Loan or any other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding. 10.12 Severability . If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby and 
 101 

 (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this Section 10.12 , if and to the extent that the enforceability of any provisions in this Agreement relating to Defaulting Lenders shall be limited by Debtor Relief Laws, as determined in good faith by the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender, as applicable, then such provisions shall be deemed to be in effect only to the extent not so limited. 10.13 Replacement of Lenders . If (a) any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04 , or the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes or any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01 (and, in each case, such Lender has declined or is unable to designate a different Lending Office in accordance with Section 3.06 or (b) a Lender (a Non-Consenting Lender does not consent to a proposed change, waiver, discharge or termination with respect to any Loan Document that has been approved by the Required Lenders as provided in Section 10.01 but requires unanimous consent of all Lenders or all Lenders directly affected thereby (as applicable) or (c) any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 10.06 ), all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment), provided that: (i) the Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the assignment fee specified in Section 10.06(b)(iv) ; (ii) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and L/C Advances, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including any amounts under Section 3.05 from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts, and, at the option of the Borrower, in respect of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees); (iii) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 3.04 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 3.01 , such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter; (iv) such assignment does not conflict with applicable Laws; and (v) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a Non-Consenting Lender s failure to consent to a proposed change, waiver, discharge or termination with respect to any Loan Document, the applicable assignee consents to the proposed change, waiver, discharge or termination; provided that the failure by such Non-Consenting Lender to execute and deliver an Assignment and Assumption shall not impair the validity of the removal of such Non-Consenting Lender and the mandatory assignment of such Non-Consenting Lender s Commitments and outstanding Loans and participations in L/C Obligations pursuant to this Section shall nevertheless be effective without the execution by such Non-Consenting Lender of an Assignment and Assumption. 
 102 

 A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 10.14 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc. (a) GOVERNING LAW . THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT (EXCEPT, AS TO ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH THEREIN) AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, SECTION 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW, BUT OTHERWISE WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICTS OF LAW PRINCIPLES THEREOF). (b) SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION . THE BORROWER AND EACH OTHER LOAN PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT COMMENCE ANY ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND OR DESCRIPTION, WHETHER IN LAW OR EQUITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR IN TORT OR OTHERWISE, AGAINST THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER, THE L/C ISSUER, OR ANY RELATED PARTY OF THE FOREGOING IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATING HERETO OR THERETO, IN ANY FORUM OTHER THAN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS AND AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER OR THE L/C ISSUER MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST THE BORROWER OR ANY OTHER LOAN PARTY OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION. (c) WAIVER OF VENUE . EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH (B) OF THIS SECTION. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, 
 103 

 THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT. (d) SERVICE OF PROCESS . EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN SECTION 10.02 . NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. 10.15 Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 10.16 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), the Borrower and each other Loan Party acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Affiliates understanding, that: (i) (A) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers are arm s-length commercial transactions between the Borrower, each other Loan Party and their respective Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers, on the other hand, (B) each of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (C) the Borrower and each other Loan Party is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents; (ii) (A) the Administrative Agent and, the Arrangers, each is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates, or any other Person and (B) neither the Administrative Agent nor the Arrangers has any obligation to the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; and (iii) the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Borrower, the other Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates, and neither the Administrative Agent nor the Arrangers has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by law, each of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby. 10.17 Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other Documents . The words delivery, execute, execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in any Loan 
 104 

 Document or any other document executed in connection herewith shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, the electronic matching of assignment terms and contract formations on electronic platforms approved by the Administrative Agent, or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act; provided that notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary neither the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer nor any Lender is under any obligation to agree to accept electronic signatures in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or such Lender pursuant to procedures approved by it and provided further without limiting the foregoing, upon the request of any party, any electronic signature shall be promptly followed by such manually executed counterpart. 10.18 USA PATRIOT Act . Each Lender that is subject to the Act (as hereinafter defined) and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the Act ), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify the Borrower in accordance with the Act. The Borrower shall, promptly following a request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, provide all documentation and other information that the Administrative Agent or such Lender requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Act. 10.19 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions . Solely to the extent any Lender or L/C Issuer that is an Affected Financial Institution is a party to this Agreement and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Lender or L/C Issuer that is an Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of an applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any Lender or L/C Issuer that is an Affected Financial Institution; and (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 
 105 

 (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of any applicable Resolution Authority. 10.20 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs . To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for any swap agreement or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Suppor t , and each such QFC, a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States): (a) In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. (b) As used in this Section 10.20 , the following terms have the following meanings: BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. Covered Entity means any of the following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 
 106 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written. AAR CORP., as Borrower By: /s/ Sean M. Gillen Name: Sean M. Gillen Title: Vice President and CFO 
 
 Signature Page to Credit Agreement 

 WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent, as a Lender and as an L/C Issuer By: /s/ Brett Rausch Name: Brett Rausch Title: Senior Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Credit Agreement 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as a Lender and as an L/C Issuer By: /s/ A. Quinn Richardson Name: A. Quinn Richardson Title: Senior Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Credit Agreement 

TRUIST BANK, as a Lender By: /s/ Christian Jacobsen Name: Christian Jacobsen Title: Director 
 
 Signature Page to Credit Agreement 

CIBC BANK USA, as a Lender By: /s/ Natalie Fiala Name: Natalie Fiala Title: Officer 
 
 Signature Page to Credit Agreement 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender By: /s/ Ana Gaytan Name: Ana Gaytan Title: Assistant Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Credit Agreement 

ASSOCIATED BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender By: /s/ Ian Ormseth Name: Ian Ormseth Title: Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Credit Agreement 

 Schedule 2.01 Commitments Lender Revolving Commitment Amount Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 155,000,000.00 Bank of America, N.A. 135,000,000.00 Truist Bank 125,000,000.00 CIBC Bank USA 125,000,000.00 PNC Bank, National Association 50,000,000.00 Associated Bank, National Association 30,000,000.00 TOTAL 620,000,000.00 

Schedule 2.04(a) Letter of Credit Sublimit Amounts Lender Letter of Credit Sublimit Amount Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 45,000,000.00 Bank of America, N.A. 30,000,000.00 TOTAL 75,000,000.00 

Schedule 2.04(b) Existing Letters of Credit Attached 

Schedule 10.02 Administrative Agent s Office; Certain Addresses for Notices To the Borrower or any other Loan Party: AAR Corp. 1100 N. Wood Dale Road Wood Dale, IL 60191 Attention: Sean Gillen, Chief Financial Officer Telephone: 630-227-2012 E-Mail: sean.gillen@aarcorp.com with a copy to: AAR Corp. 1100 N. Wood Dale Road Wood Dale, IL 60191 Attention: Jessica Garascia, General Counsel Telephone: 630-227-2060 E-Mail: jessica.garascia@aarcorp.com with a copy to: Debevoise Plimpton LLP 919 Third Avenue New York, NY 10022 Attention: Brian E. Liu Telephone: 212-909-6190 E-Mail: beliu@debevoise.com To the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender: Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 1525 West WT Harris Blvd. 1B1 Charlotte, NC 28262 MAC D110-019 Attention: Leng Xiong Telephone: 612-316-4317 E-Mail Address: Leng.xiong2@wellsfago.com with a copy to: Sidley Austin LLP One South Dearborn Chicago, IL 60603 Attention: Kelechi E. Adibe Telephone: 312-853-7505 E-Mail: kadibe@sidley.com 

Schedule 10.02 (continued) Administrative Agent s Remittance Instructions: Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. ABA: 121000248 A/C Name: Agency Services Clearing A/C Acct: 01104331628807 Attention: Financial Cash Controls Borrower s Tax Identification Number: 36-2334820 

EXHIBIT A FORM OF COMMITTED LOAN NOTICE Date: ___________, _____ To: Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent Ladies and Gentlemen: Reference is made to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of December 14, 2022 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the Agreement ; the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among AAR Corp., a Delaware corporation, as Borrower, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, an L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender. The undersigned hereby requests (select one): A Borrowing of Committed Loans A conversion or continuation of Loans 1. On (a Business Day). 2. In the amount of . 3. Comprised of . [Type of Committed Loan requested] 4. For SOFR Loans: with an Interest Period of months. The Committed Borrowing, if any, requested herein complies with the proviso to the first sentence of Section 2.01 of the Agreement. AAR CORP. By: Name: Title: 
 
 Exhibit A 

 EXHIBIT C FORM OF SWING LINE LOAN NOTICE Date: ___________, _____ To: Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Swing Line Lender Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent Ladies and Gentlemen: Reference is made to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of December 14, 2022 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the Agreement ; the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among AAR Corp., a Delaware corporation, as Borrower, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, an L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender. The undersigned hereby requests a Swing Line Loan: 1. On (a Business Day). 2. In the amount of . The Swing Line Borrowing requested herein complies with the requirements of the provisos to the first sentence of Section 2.05(a) of the Agreement. AAR CORP. By: Name: Title: 
 
 Exhibit C 

 EXHIBIT D FORM OF NOTE December 14, 2022 FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned (the Borrower ), hereby promises to pay to [_____________________] or registered assigns (the Lender ), in accordance with the provisions of the Agreement (as hereinafter defined), the principal amount of each Loan from time to time made by the Lender to the Borrower under that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of December 14, 2022 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the Agreement ; the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among the Borrower, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, an L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender. The Borrower promises to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Loan from the date of such Loan until such principal amount is paid in full, at such interest rates and at such times as provided in the Agreement. Except as otherwise provided in Section 2.05(f) of the Agreement with respect to Swing Line Loans, all payments of principal and interest shall be made to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lender in Dollars in immediately available funds at the Administrative Agent s Office. If any amount is not paid in full when due hereunder, such unpaid amount shall bear interest, to be paid upon demand, from the due date thereof until the date of actual payment (and before as well as after judgment) computed at the per annum rate set forth in the Agreement. This Note is one of the Notes referred to in the Agreement, is entitled to the benefits thereof and may be prepaid in whole or in part subject to the terms and conditions provided therein. This Note is also entitled to the benefits of the Guaranty. Upon the occurrence and continuation of one or more of the Events of Default specified in the Agreement, all amounts then remaining unpaid on this Note shall become, or may be declared to be, immediately due and payable all as provided in the Agreement. Loans made by the Lender shall be evidenced by one or more loan accounts or records maintained by the Lender in the ordinary course of business. The Lender may also attach schedules to this Note and endorse thereon the date, amount and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto. The Borrower, for itself, its successors and assigns, hereby waives diligence, presentment, protest and demand and notice of protest, demand, dishonor and non-payment of this Note. 
 Exhibit D 

 THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. AAR CORP. By: Name: Title: 
 
 Exhibit D 

 LOANS AND PAYMENTS WITH RESPECT THERETO Date Type of Loan Made Amount of Loan Made End of Interest Period Amount of Principal or Interest Paid This Date Outstanding Principal Balance This Date Notation Made By 
 
 Exhibit D 

 EXHIBIT E FORM OF COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE Financial Statement Date: , To: Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent Ladies and Gentlemen: Reference is made to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of December 14, 2022 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the Agreement ; the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among AAR Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), the Lenders from time to time party thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, an L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender. The undersigned Responsible Officer hereby certifies as of the date hereof that he/she is the [ ] of the Borrower, and that, as such, he/she is authorized to execute and deliver this Certificate to the Administrative Agent on the behalf of the Borrower, and that: [Use following paragraph 1 for Fiscal Year-end financial statements] 1. The Borrower has delivered the year-end audited financial statements required by Section 6.01(a) of the Agreement for the Fiscal Year of the Borrower ended as of the above date, together with the report and opinion of an independent certified public accountant required by such section. [Use following paragraph 1 for Fiscal Quarter-end financial statements] 1. The Borrower has delivered the unaudited financial statements required by Section 6.01(b) of the Agreement for the Fiscal Quarter of the Borrower ended as of the above date. Such financial statements fairly present the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP as at such date and for such period, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes. 2. The undersigned has reviewed and is familiar with the terms of the Agreement and has made, or has caused to be made under his/her supervision, a detailed review of the transactions and condition (financial or otherwise) of the Borrower during the accounting period covered by such financial statements. 3. A review of the activities of the Borrower during such fiscal period has been made under the supervision of the undersigned with a view to determining whether during such fiscal period the Borrower performed and observed all its Obligations under the Loan Documents, and [select one:] 
 Exhibit E 

 [to the best knowledge of the undersigned, during such fiscal period the Borrower performed and observed each covenant and condition of the Loan Documents applicable to it, and no Default has occurred and is continuing.] --or-- [to the best knowledge of the undersigned, during such fiscal period the following covenants or conditions have not been performed or observed and the following is a list of each such Default and its nature and status:] 4. The representations and warranties of the Borrower contained in Article V of the Agreement (other than those contained in Section 5.04(b) and Section 5.05 ), and any representations and warranties of any Loan Party that are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection with the Loan Documents, are true and correct on and as of the date hereof, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct as of such earlier date, and except that for purposes of this Compliance Certificate, the representations and warranties contained in subsection (a) of Section 5.04 of the Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b), respectively, of Section 6.01 of the Agreement, including the statements in connection with which this Compliance Certificate is delivered. 5. The financial covenant analyses and information set forth on Schedule 1 attached hereto are true and accurate on and as of the date of this Certificate. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Certificate as of , . AAR CORP. By: Name: Title: 
 
 Exhibit E 

 For the Quarter/Year ended SCHEDULE 1 to the Compliance Certificate I. Section 7.13(a) Minimum Interest Coverage Ratio. 

A. Interest Coverage Ratio: 1. EBITDA 2. Interest Expense 3. Ratio of (1) to (2) to 1.00 4. Minimum allowed 3.00 to 1.00 
 II. Section 7.13(b) Maximum Adjusted Total Debt to EBITDA Ratio. 

A. Adjusted Total Debt to EBITDA Ratio: 1. Total Debt 2. Unrestricted Cash 3. Remainder of (1) minus (2) 4. EBITDA 5. Ratio of (3) to (4) to 1.00 6. Maximum allowed 3.50 to 1.00 1 
 
 1 Insert 4.00 to 1.00 during any applicable Acquisition Holiday. 
 Exhibit E 

 EXHIBIT F-1 ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION This Assignment and Assumption (this Assignment and Assumption is dated as of the Effective Date set forth below and is entered into by and between the Assignor identified in item 1 below (the Assignor and the Assignee identified in item 2 below (the Assignee ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement identified below (the Credit Agreement ), receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by the Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex 1 attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and Assumption as if set forth herein in full. For an agreed consideration, the Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from the Assignor, subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by the Administrative Agent as contemplated below (i) all of the Assignor s rights and obligations in its capacity as a Lender under the Credit Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto to the extent related to the amount and percentage interest identified below of all of such outstanding rights and obligations of the Assignor under the respective facilities identified below (including, without limitation, the Letters of Credit and the Swing Line Loans included in such facilities) and (ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all claims, suits, causes of action and any other right of the Assignor (in its capacity as a Lender) against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto or the loan transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including, but not limited to, contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity related to the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned by the Assignor to the Assignee pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above being referred to herein collectively as the Assigned Interest ). Each such sale and assignment is without recourse to the Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without representation or warranty by the Assignor. 

1. Assignor : 2. Assignee : [indicate [Affiliate][Approved Fund] of [ identify Lender ]] 3. Borrower : AAR CORP. 4. Administrative Agent : Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as the administrative agent under the Credit Agreement 
 
 Exhibit F-1 

 5. Credit Agreement : Credit Agreement, dated as of December 14, 2022, among AAR Corp., the Lenders from time to time party thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, an L/C Issuer, and Swing Line Lender 6. Assigned Interest : Assignor Assignee Aggregate Amount of Commitment for all Lenders 2 Amount of Commitment Assigned Percentage Assigned of Commitment 3 CUSIP Number 
 [7. Trade Date : ] 4 Effective Date: __________________, 20__ [TO BE INSERTED BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR.] The terms set forth in this Assignment and Assumption are hereby agreed to: 

ASSIGNOR [NAME OF ASSIGNOR] By: Title: ASSIGNEE [NAME OF ASSIGNEE] By: Title: 
 
 2 Amounts in this column and in the column immediately to the right to be adjusted by the counterparties to take into account any payments or prepayments made between the Trade Date and the Effective Date. 3 Set forth, to at least 9 decimals, as a percentage of the Commitment/Loans of all Lenders thereunder. 4 To be completed if the Assignor and the Assignee intend that the minimum assignment amount is to be determined as of the Trade Date. 
 Exhibit F-1 

[Consented to and] 5 Accepted: WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent By: Title: [Consented to:] 6 By: Title: 
 
 5 To be added only if the consent of the Administrative Agent is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement. 6 To be added only if the consent of the Borrower and/or other parties (e.g. Swing Line Lender, L/C Issuer) is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement. 
 Exhibit F-1 

 ANNEX 1 TO ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION 1. Representations and Warranties . 1.1. Assignor . The Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of the Assigned Interest, (ii) the Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim and (iii) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Loan Documents or any collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in respect of any Loan Document or (iv) the performance or observance by the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under any Loan Document. 1.2. Assignee . The Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender under the Credit Agreement, (ii) it meets all the requirements to be an assignee under Section 10.06(b)(iii) and (v) of the Credit Agreement (subject to such consents, if any, as may be required under Section 10.06(b)(iii) of the Credit Agreement), (iii) from and after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a Lender thereunder and, to the extent of the Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of a Lender thereunder, (iv) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to acquire assets of the type represented by the Assigned Interest and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to acquire the Assigned Interest, is experienced in acquiring assets of such type, (v) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, and has received or has been accorded the opportunity to receive copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 6.01 thereof, as applicable, and such other documents and information as it deems appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase the Assigned Interest, (vi) it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase the Assigned Interest, and (vii) attached hereto is the IRS tax form of the Assignee and any other documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed by the Assignee; and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Assignor or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Loan Documents, and (ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Loan Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 
 Exhibit F-1 

 2. Payments . From and after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments in respect of the Assigned Interest (including payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to the Assignor for amounts which have accrued to but excluding the Effective Date and to the Assignee for amounts which have accrued from and after the Effective Date. 3. General Provisions . This Assignment and Assumption shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. This Assignment and Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Assumption by telecopy shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Assumption. This Assignment and Assumption shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York. 
 Exhibit F-1 

 EXHIBIT F-2 FORM OF ADMINISTRATIVE QUESTIONNAIRE (attached) 
 Exhibit F-2 

LSTA/LMA Standard Administrative Details Form The Loan Market Association LMA and Loan Syndications Trading Association LSTA consent to the use and reproduction of this document for the preparation and documentation of agreements relating to transactions or potential transactions in the loan markets. Loan Market Association, Loan Syndications Trading Association. All rights reserved. 
 
 Exhibit F-2 LSTA and LMA, Effective May 31, 2018 

 LSTA/LMA Standard Administrative Details Form 

BORROWER DETAILS Borrower Name 

ENTITY DETAILS Name Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. MEI US1L058422 GIIN FATCA Global Intermediary Identification Number (Optional) CRN UK Company Registration Number (Optional) LEI KB1H1DSPRFMYMCUFXT09 Entity Type Bank Address (of Lending Office): Signature Block: Registered address of lending office, Signature Block as it would appear on settlement including country of domicile. documentation. E.g. (for separately managed account): ABC Fund by 123 Asset Management as Advisor Fund Manager Name of fund/asset manager, as would be referenced in the sig. block. MEI Markit Entity ID Lender Parent Name of legal parent if different from lender entity. (Optional) MEI Markit Entity ID 

NOTICE/SERVICING MESSAGE DELIVERY INSTRUCTIONS Firm Name of Company Fax Fax Number Email Email Address Email Pfd. Firm Name of Company Fax Fax Number Email Email Address Email Pfd. 

STANDARD SETTLEMENT INSTRUCTIONS / WIRING INSTRUCTIONS Currency USD Account With Institution Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. SWIFT BIC 8/11-Character BIC of Beneficiary s Bank ABA # Routing # or UK Sort Code of Beneficiary s Bank (optional) Beneficiary Customer Name of Ultimate Beneficiary (Lender) Beneficiary Account # Account # of Ult. Beneficiary IBAN IBAN of Ultimate Beneficiary (opt) Payment Reference (Remittance Info) Use Standard Wire Reference Format: [Borrower Name] [Facility Name/Abbr.] [Facility/Deal CUSIP/ISIN] [Payment Purpose(s)] [Transaction Reference ID] Special Instructions Template above can be used for wire instructions where receiving bank is custodian/trustee, and lender has dedicated account. Additional templates provided at Appendix A. SERVICE PROVIDERS THIRD-PARTY DATA ACCESS 
 
 Exhibit F-2 Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 

STANDARD SETTLEMENT INSTRUCTIONS / WIRING INSTRUCTIONS Doc. Delivery Recon Inventory Role Custodian/Trustee Name Name of Company MEI Markit Entity ID Role Relationship to lender. Name Name of Company MEI Markit Entity ID 

CREDIT CONTACTS (LEGAL DOCUMENTATION, AMENDMENTS WAIVERS) Name Firm Address: Phone Fax Email Data Room Access Pfd. Contact Method Preferred contact method for inquiries. Copy and paste section above to add any additional contacts. It is recommended that at least one of the contacts be a group. 

OPERATIONS CONTACTS (INQUIRIES ONLY) Name Individual Firm Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. Address: Phone Fax Email Settlements Servicing SSI Verification KYC Pfd. Contact Method Email Copy and paste section above to add any additional contacts. It is recommended that at least one of the contacts be a group. 

OPERATIONS CLOSER CONTACTS Name Individual Firm Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. Address: Phone Fax Email Settlements Servicing SSI Verification KYC Pfd. Contact Method Email Copy and paste section above to add any additional contacts. It is recommended that at least one of the contacts be a group. 
 
 Exhibit F-2 Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 

LETTER OF CREDIT CONTACTS Name Name of group or individual. Select group or Individual Firm Firm with which contact is affliated. Address: Registered address of contact s office (if different than the lender s office), including country of domicile. Phone Phone Number (opt. for groups) Fax Fax Number Email Email Address Pfd. Contact Method Preferred contact method for inquiries. Copy and paste section above to add any additional contacts. It is recommended that at least one of the contacts be a group. 

ADDITIONAL ENTITY DETAILS KYC INFORMATION Country of Incorporation Country of Incorporation of lender Country of Tax Residence Country of Residence of lender for tax purposes EIN 94-1347393 UK Treaty Passport # UK Treaty Passport # US Tax Form Type of tax form used/attached UK Treaty Passport Expiry Date UK Treaty Passport Expiry Date Entity Referenced As Primary Entity 

CURRENCIES AND JURISDICTIONS FOR MULTICURRENCY TRANSACTIONS INFORMATION PLEASE CHECK BOX OF THE CURRENCIES YOUR INSTITUTION CAN FUND UNDER THIS TRANSACTION: EURO STERLING CAD 

PLEASE CHECK BOX IF YOUR INSTITUTION IS LICENSED TO FUND TO BORROWERS LOCATED IN THE FOLLOWING COUNTRIES : 
 
 Exhibit F-2 Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 

 Appendix A: Additional Wire Instruction Templates and Bank of America USD / FX Wire Instructions: Template below can be used for wire instructions where recipient is intermediary bank with nostro account for custodian and the Lender does not have a dedicated account. Lender may copy and paste the template below as many times as necessary to capture various currency remittance instructions. 

Currency Applicable Currency. Correspondent Bank Name of Receiver s Correspondent Bank (SWIFT 54a) SWIFT BIC 8/11-Character SWIFT BIC of Correspondent Bank Intermediary Bank Name of Intermediary Bank (SWIFT 56a) SWIFT BIC 8/11-Character SWIFT BIC of Intermediary Bank ABA # ABA/Routing # or UK Sort Code of Intermediary Bank (optional) Account With Institution Name of Beneficiary s Bank usually custodian (SWIFT 57a) SWIFT BIC 8/11-Character SWIFT BIC of Beneficiary s Bank IBAN IBAN of Beneficiary s Bank at Intermediary Beneficiary Customer Name of Ultimate Beneficiary (Lender) (SWIFT 59a) Beneficiary Account # Account #/Code of Ult. Beneficiary Payment Reference (Remittance Info) Use Standard Wire Reference Format: [Borrower Name] [Facility Name/Abbr.] [Facility/Deal CUSIP/ISIN] [Payment Purpose(s)] [Transaction Reference ID] Special Instructions 
 Lender s Payment Instructions: Please input payment instructions for each respective currency referenced in CURRENCIES AND JURISDICTIONS FOR MULTICURRENCY TRANSACTIONS INFORMATION section above. If your respective institution is unable to fund any of the currencies noted, please notify Administrative Agent immediately. Bank of America s Payment Instructions: USD Payment Instructions: Pay to: Bank of America, N.A. ABA # 026009593 New York, NY Account #: 1366072250600 Attn: Wire Clearing Acct for Syn Loans - LIQ Ref: Global Payments Inc 
 Exhibit F-2 Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 

 Appendix B: Lender s Organizational Structure and Tax Status: Please refer to the enclosed withholding tax instructions below and then complete this section accordingly. Lender Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN): Tax Withholding Form Delivered to Bank of America (circle applicable one): W-9 W-8BEN W-8BEN-E W-8ECI W-8EXP W-8IMY 

Tax Contact: First: MI: Last: Title: Street Address: Suite/ Mail Code: City: State: Postal Code: Country: Telephone: Facsimile: E-Mail Address: SyndTrak E-Mail Address: 
 NON U.S. LENDER INSTITUTIONS 1. Corporations: If your institution is organized outside of the United States, is classified as a Corporation or other non-flow through entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and is the beneficial owner of the interest and other income it receives, you must complete one of the following three tax forms, as applicable to your institution: a.) Form W-8BEN (Certificate of Foreign Status of Beneficial Owner for United States Tax Withholding and Reporting (and a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate if applicable)) or Form W-8BEN-E, b.) Form W-8ECI (Certificate of Foreign Person s Claim that Income is Effectively Connected with the Conduct of a Trade or Business in the United States), or c.) Form W-8EXP (Certificate of Foreign Government or Other Foreign Organization for United States Tax Withholding and Reporting). A U.S. taxpayer identification number is required for any institution submitting a Form W-8 ECI. It is also required on Form W-8BEN or Form W-8BEN-E for certain institutions claiming the benefits of a tax treaty with the U.S. Please refer to the instructions when completing the form applicable to your institution. 2. Flow-Through Entities If your institution is organized outside the U.S., and is classified for U.S. federal income tax purposes as either a Partnership, Trust, Qualified or Non-Qualified Intermediary, or other non-U.S. flow-through entity, an original Form W-8IMY (Certificate of Foreign Intermediary, Foreign Flow-Through Entity, or Certain U.S. branches for United States Tax Withholding and Reporting) must be completed by the intermediary together with a withholding statement. Flow-through entities other than Qualified Intermediaries are required to include tax forms for each of the underlying beneficial owners. Please refer to the instructions when completing this form U.S. LENDER INSTITUTIONS: 
 Exhibit F-2 Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 

 If your institution is incorporated or organized within the United States, you must complete and return Form W-9 (Request for Taxpayer Identification Number and Certification). Pursuant to the language contained in the tax section of the Credit Agreement, the applicable tax form for your institution must be completed and returned on or prior to the date on which your institution becomes a lender under this Credit Agreement. Failure to provide the proper tax form when requested will subject your institution to U.S. tax withholding. 
 Exhibit F-2 Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 

 EXHIBIT G FORM OF GUARANTY (attached) 
 Exhibit G 

 GUARANTY THIS GUARANTY (this Guaranty is made as of December 14, 2022, by certain domestic Subsidiaries of AAR CORP., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), from time to time signatory hereto (whether as of the date hereof or pursuant to a supplement in the form of Exhibit A hereto; collectively, the Guarantors in favor of WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A., as administrative agent and contractual representative of the Lenders under the Credit Agreement referred to below (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ). Capitalized terms used herein but not defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the below defined Credit Agreement. WITNESSETH WHEREAS, the Borrower is party to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of December 14, 2022 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among the Borrower, the lenders party thereto from time to time (the Lenders and the Administrative Agent; WHEREAS, it is a condition precedent to the extensions of credit by the Lenders under the Credit Agreement that each of the Guarantors execute and deliver this Guaranty whereby each of the Guarantors, without limitation and with full recourse, shall guarantee the payment and performance when due, of all Guaranteed Obligations (as hereinafter defined); and WHEREAS, this Guaranty shall become effective on the Closing Date; NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 1. Guaranty. Each Guarantor hereby absolutely and unconditionally guarantees, as a guaranty of payment and performance and not merely as a guaranty of collection, prompt payment when due, whether at stated maturity, by required prepayment, upon acceleration, demand or otherwise, and at all times thereafter, of any and all Obligations existing and future indebtedness and liabilities of every kind, nature and character, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, voluntary or involuntary and whether for principal, interest, premiums, fees, indemnities, damages, costs, expenses or otherwise, of the Borrower to the Lenders arising under the Credit Agreement and any instruments, agreements or other documents of any kind or nature now or hereafter executed in connection with the Credit Agreement and other Loan Documents (including all renewals, extensions, amendments, refinancings and other modifications thereof and all costs, attorneys fees and expenses incurred by the Lenders in connection with the collection or enforcement thereof), and whether recovery upon such indebtedness and liabilities may be or hereafter become unenforceable or shall be an allowed or disallowed claim under any proceeding or case commenced by or against such Guarantor or the Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code (Title 11, United States Code), any successor statute or any other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally (collectively, Debtor Relief Laws ), and 
 Exhibit G 

 including interest that accrues after the commencement by or against the Borrower of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws (collectively, the Guaranteed Obligations ). Absent manifest error, the Lenders books and records showing the amount of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be admissible in evidence in any action or proceeding, and shall be binding upon the Guarantors and conclusive for the purpose of establishing the amount of the Guaranteed Obligations. This Guaranty shall not be affected by the genuineness, validity, regularity or enforceability of the Guaranteed Obligations or any instrument or agreement evidencing any Guaranteed Obligations, or by the existence, validity, enforceability, perfection, non-perfection or extent of any collateral therefor, or by any fact or circumstance relating to the Guaranteed Obligations which might otherwise constitute a defense to the obligations of any Guarantor under this Guaranty, and the Guarantors hereby irrevocably waive any defenses they may now have or hereafter acquire in any way relating to any or all of the foregoing. 2. No Setoff or Deductions; Taxes; Payments. Each Guarantor represents and warrants that it is organized and resident in the United States of America or a political subdivision thereof. Each Guarantor shall make all payments hereunder without setoff or counterclaim and free and clear of and without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, unless such Guarantor is required by law to make such deduction or withholding. If any such obligation (other than one arising with respect to taxes based on or measured by the income or profits of any Lender) is imposed upon such Guarantor with respect to any amount payable by it hereunder, such Guarantor will (i) pay to the relevant authority the full amount required to be so deducted or withheld and (ii) if such deduction or withholding is in respect of Guarantor Indemnified Taxes, pay to the Administrative Agent, on the date on which such amount is due and payable hereunder, such additional amount in Dollars as shall be necessary to enable the applicable Lender to receive the same net amount which such Lender would have received on such due date had no such obligation been imposed upon such Guarantor. Each Guarantor will deliver promptly to the Administrative Agent certificates or other valid vouchers for all Taxes deducted from or paid with respect to payments made by such Guarantor hereunder. To the extent that additional amounts in respect of Guarantor Indemnified Taxes are payable by any Guarantor under this Section 2, such Guarantor shall be entitled to related rights to which the Borrower would have been entitled under the Credit Agreement if the relevant payment had been made by the Borrower rather than by such Guarantor. For purposes of this Section 2, Guarantor Indemnified Taxes shall mean (i) Taxes for which the Borrower would have been responsible under the terms of the Credit Agreement if the relevant payment had been made by the Borrower rather than by the Guarantor, and (ii) any Taxes (other than Taxes imposed as a result of a failure of the Lender to provide as soon as reasonably practicable any forms or certifications that it is legally able to provide upon the reasonable request of the Guarantor for purposes of claiming any available exemption from such Taxes) to the extent such Taxes would not have been imposed if the relevant payment had been made by the Borrower to the Lender, rather than by the Guarantor. The obligations of the Guarantors under this paragraph shall survive the payment in full of the Guaranteed Obligations and termination of this Guaranty. 3. Rights of Administrative Agent. Each Guarantor consents and agrees that the Administrative Agent and Lenders may, at any time and from time to time, without notice or 
 Exhibit G 

 demand, and without affecting the enforceability or continuing effectiveness hereof: (a) amend, extend, renew, compromise, discharge, accelerate or otherwise change the time for payment or the terms of the Guaranteed Obligations or any part thereof in accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement; (b) take, hold, exchange, enforce, waive, release, fail to perfect, sell, or otherwise dispose of any security for the payment of this Guaranty or any Guaranteed Obligations; (c) apply such security and direct the order or manner of sale thereof as the Administrative Agent may determine; and (d) release or substitute one or more of any endorsers or other guarantors of any of the Guaranteed Obligations. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Guarantor consents to the taking of, or failure to take, any action which might in any manner or to any extent vary the risks of such Guarantor under this Guaranty or which, but for this provision, might operate as a discharge of such Guarantor. 4. Certain Waivers. Each Guarantor waives (a) any defense arising by reason of any disability or other defense of the Borrower or any other guarantor, or the cessation from any cause whatsoever (including any act or omission of the Administrative Agent or any Lender) of the liability of the Borrower; (b) any defense based on any claim that such Guarantor s obligations exceed or are more burdensome than those of the Borrower; (c) the benefit of any statute of limitations affecting such Guarantor s liability hereunder; (d) any right to require the Administrative Agent or any Lender to proceed against the Borrower, proceed against or exhaust any security for the Debt, or pursue any other remedy in the Administrative Agent s or any Lender s power whatsoever; (e) any benefit of and any right to participate in any security now or hereafter held by the Administrative Agent or any Lender; and (f) to the fullest extent permitted by law, any and all other defenses or benefits that may be derived from or afforded by applicable law limiting the liability of or exonerating guarantors or sureties. Each Guarantor expressly waives all setoffs and counterclaims and all presentments, demands for payment or performance, notices of nonpayment or nonperformance, protests, notices of protest, notices of dishonor and all other notices or demands of any kind or nature whatsoever with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations, and all notices of acceptance of this Guaranty or of the existence, creation or incurrence of new or additional Guaranteed Obligations. 5. Obligations Independent. The obligations of each Guarantor hereunder are those of primary obligor, and not merely as surety, and are independent of the Guaranteed Obligations and the obligations of any other guarantor, and a separate action may be brought against such Guarantor to enforce this Guaranty whether or not the Borrower or any other person or entity is joined as a party. 6. Subrogation. Each Guarantor shall not exercise any right of subrogation, contribution, indemnity, reimbursement or similar rights with respect to any payments it makes under this Guaranty until all of the Guaranteed Obligations and any amounts payable under this Guaranty have been indefeasibly paid and performed in full and any commitments of the Lenders or facilities provided by the Lenders with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations are terminated. If any amounts are paid to such Guarantor in violation of the foregoing limitation, then such amounts shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Lenders and shall forthwith be paid to the Administrative Agent to reduce the amount of the Guaranteed Obligations, whether matured or unmatured. 
 Exhibit G 

 7. Termination; Reinstatement. This Guaranty is a continuing and irrevocable guaranty of all Guaranteed Obligations now or hereafter existing and shall remain in full force and effect until all Guaranteed Obligations and any other amounts payable under this Guaranty are indefeasibly paid in full in cash and any commitments of the Lenders or facilities provided by the Lenders with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations are terminated. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Guaranty shall continue in full force and effect or be revived, as the case may be, if any payment by or on behalf of the Borrower or any Guarantor is made, or the Administrative Agent or any Lender exercises their right of setoff, in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent or any Lender in their discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws or otherwise, all as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred and whether or not the Administrative Agent or any Lender is in possession of or has released this Guaranty and regardless of any prior revocation, rescission, termination or reduction. The obligations of each Guarantor under this paragraph shall survive termination of this Guaranty. 8. Subordination. Each Guarantor hereby subordinates the payment of all obligations and indebtedness of the Borrower owing to such Guarantor, whether now existing or hereafter arising, including but not limited to any obligation of the Borrower to such Guarantor as subrogee of the Administrative Agent or any Lender or resulting from such Guarantor s performance under this Guaranty, to the indefeasible payment in full in cash of all Guaranteed Obligations. If the Administrative Agent so requests, any such obligation or indebtedness of the Borrower to such Guarantor shall be enforced and performance received by such Guarantor as trustee for the Administrative Agent and Lenders and the proceeds thereof shall be paid over to the Administrative Agent on account of the Guaranteed Obligations, but without reducing or affecting in any manner the liability of any Guarantor under this Guaranty. 9. Stay of Acceleration. In the event that acceleration of the time for payment of any of the Guaranteed Obligations is stayed, in connection with any case commenced by or against any Guarantor or the Borrower under any Debtor Relief Laws, or otherwise, all such amounts shall nonetheless be payable by the applicable Guarantor immediately upon demand by the Administrative Agent. 10. Contribution With Respect to Guaranteed Obligations. To the extent that any Guarantor shall make a payment under this Guaranty (a Guarantor Payment which, taking into account all other Guarantor Payments then previously or concurrently made by any other Guarantor, exceeds the amount which otherwise would have been paid by or attributable to such Guarantor if each Guarantor had paid the aggregate Guaranteed Obligations satisfied by such Guarantor Payment in the same proportion as such Guarantor s Allocable Amount (as defined below) (as determined immediately prior to such Guarantor Payment) bore to the aggregate Allocable Amounts of each of the Guarantors as determined immediately prior to the making of such Guarantor Payment, then, following indefeasible payment in full in cash of the Guarantor Payment and the Guaranteed Obligations (other than contingent indemnity obligations) and satisfaction of all other conditions to the termination of this Guaranty in accordance with the terms of Section 7 hereof, such Guarantor shall be entitled to receive contribution and 
 Exhibit G 

 indemnification payments from, and be reimbursed by, each other Guarantor for the amount of such excess, pro rata based upon their respective Allocable Amounts in effect immediately prior to such Guarantor Payment. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Guaranty, the amount guaranteed by each Guarantor hereunder shall be limited to the extent, if any, required so that its obligations hereunder shall not be subject to avoidance under Section 548 of the Bankruptcy Code or under any applicable state Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act, Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act or similar statute or common law. In determining the limitations, if any, on the amount of any Guarantor s obligations hereunder pursuant to the preceding sentence, it is the intention of the parties hereto that any rights of subrogation or contribution which such Guarantor may have under this Guaranty, any other agreement or applicable law shall be taken into account. As of any date of determination, the Allocable Amount of any Guarantor shall be equal to the excess of the fair saleable value of the property of such Guarantor over the total liabilities of such Guarantor (including the maximum amount reasonably expected to become due in respect of contingent liabilities, calculated, without duplication, assuming each other Guarantor that is also liable for such contingent liability pays its ratable share thereof), giving effect to all payments made by other Guarantors as of such date in a manner to maximize the amount of such contributions. This Section 10 is intended only to define the relative rights of the Guarantors, and nothing set forth in this Section 10 is intended to or shall impair the obligations of the Guarantors, jointly and severally, to pay any amounts as and when the same shall become due and payable in accordance with the terms of this Guaranty. The parties hereto acknowledge that the rights of contribution and indemnification hereunder shall constitute assets of the Guarantor or Guarantors to which such contribution and indemnification is owing. 11. Expenses. Each Guarantor shall pay on demand all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses and the allocated cost and disbursements of internal legal counsel) in any way relating to the enforcement or protection of the Administrative Agent s rights under this Guaranty or in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations, including any incurred during any workout or restructuring in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations and any incurred in the preservation, protection or enforcement of any rights of the Administrative Agent in any proceeding any Debtor Relief Laws. The obligations of the Guarantors under this paragraph shall survive the payment in full of the Guaranteed Obligations and termination of this Guaranty. 12. Miscellaneous. Except as set forth in Section 19 hereof, no provision of this Guaranty may be waived, amended, supplemented or modified, except by a written instrument executed by the Administrative Agent and the Guarantors. No failure by the Administrative Agent to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, remedy or power hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy or power hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. The remedies herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law or in equity. The unenforceability or invalidity of any provision of this Guaranty shall not affect the enforceability or validity of any other provision herein. Unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the Guarantors in writing, this Guaranty is not intended to supersede or otherwise affect any other guaranty now or hereafter given by any Guarantor for the benefit of the Administrative Agent or any term or provision thereof. 
 Exhibit G 

 13. Condition of Borrower. Each Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that it has the sole responsibility for, and has adequate means of, obtaining from the Borrower and any other guarantor such information concerning the financial condition, business and operations of the Borrower and any such other guarantor as the Guarantor requires, and that the Administrative Agent has no duty, and the Guarantor is not relying on the Administrative Agent at any time, to disclose to the Guarantor any information relating to the business, operations or financial condition of the Borrower or any other guarantor (the guarantor waiving any duty on the part of the Administrative Agent to disclose such information and any defense relating to the failure to provide the same). 14. Setoff. If and to the extent any payment is not made when due hereunder, the Administrative Agent may setoff and charge from time to time any amount so due against any or all of the Guarantor s accounts or deposits with the Administrative Agent. 15. Representations and Warranties. The Guarantor represents and warrants that (a) it is duly organized and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization and has full capacity and right to make and perform this Guaranty, and all necessary authority has been obtained; (b) this Guaranty constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws affecting the enforceability of creditors rights generally and to general principles of equity; (c) the making and performance of this Guaranty does not and will not violate the provisions of any applicable law, regulation or order, and does not and will not result in the breach of, or constitute a default or require any consent under, any material agreement, instrument, or document to which it is a party or by which it or any of its property may be bound or affected; and (d) all consents, approvals, licenses and authorizations of, and filings and registrations with, any governmental authority required under applicable law and regulations for the making and performance of this Guaranty have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect. 16. Indemnification and Survival . Without limitation on any other obligations of the Guarantors or remedies of the Administrative Agent or any Lender under this Guaranty, each Guarantor shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, indemnify, defend and save and hold harmless the Administrative Agent and any Lender from and against, and shall pay on demand, any and all damages, losses, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses and the allocated cost and disbursements of internal legal counsel) that may be suffered or incurred by the Administrative Agent or such Lender in connection with or as a result of any failure of any Guaranteed Obligations to be the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Borrower enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with their terms (subject to bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws affecting the enforceability of creditors rights generally and to general principles of equity); provided that such indemnity shall not be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses (x) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Administrative Agent or any Lender or (y) result from a claim brought by any Guarantor against the Administrative Agent or any Lender for breach in bad faith of the Administrative Agent s or such Lender s obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document, if such Guarantor has obtained a final and nonappealable judgment in its favor on such claim as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction. The obligations of the 
 Exhibit G 

 Guarantors under this paragraph shall survive the payment in full of the Guaranteed Obligations and termination of this Guaranty. 17. GOVERNING LAW; Assignment; Jurisdiction; Notices . THIS GUARANTY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. This Guaranty shall (a) bind each Guarantor and its successors and assigns, provided that such Guarantor may not assign its rights or obligations under this Guaranty without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (and any attempted assignment without such consent shall be void), and (b) inure to the benefit of the Administrative Agent and its successors and assigns and the Administrative Agent may, without notice to such Guarantor and without affecting such Guarantor s obligations hereunder, assign, sell or grant participations in the Guaranteed Obligations and this Guaranty, in whole or in part. Each Guarantor hereby irrevocably (i) submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York sitting in New York County and of the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Guaranty, and (ii) waives to the fullest extent permitted by law any defense asserting an inconvenient forum in connection therewith. Service of process by the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with such action or proceeding shall be binding on the Guarantors if sent to the applicable Guarantor by registered or certified mail at its address specified below or such other address as from time to time notified by the applicable Guarantor. Each Guarantor agrees that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may disclose to any assignee of or participant in, or any prospective assignee of or participant in, any of its rights or obligations of all or part of the Guaranteed Obligations any and all information in the Administrative Agent s or Lender s possession concerning such Guarantor, this Guaranty and any security for this Guaranty. All notices and other communications to the Guarantors under this Guaranty shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopier to the applicable Guarantor at its address set forth below or at such other address in the United States as may be specified by the applicable Guarantor in a written notice delivered to the Administrative Agent at such office as the Administrative Agent may designate for such purpose from time to time in a written notice to the Guarantors. 18. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL; FINAL AGREEMENT . TO THE EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EACH GUARANTOR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND EACH LENDER EACH IRREVOCABLY WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY ACTION, CLAIM, SUIT OR PROCEEDING ON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS GUARANTY OR THE GUARANTEED OBLIGATIONS. THIS GUARANTY REPRESENTS THE FINAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE PARTIES. THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE PARTIES. 19. Supplemental Guarantors . Pursuant to Section 6.07 of the Credit Agreement, additional Significant Subsidiaries shall become obligated as Guarantors hereunder and other Subsidiaries may elect to become obligated as Guarantors hereunder (each as fully as though an original signatory hereto) by executing and delivering to the Administrative Agent a supplemental guaranty in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto (with blanks appropriately filled 
 Exhibit G 

 in, each a Supplemental Guaranty ), together with such additional supporting documentation required pursuant to Section 6.07 of the Credit Agreement. [Signature Pages Follow] 
 Exhibit G 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the Guarantors has caused this Guaranty to be duly executed, under seal, by its authorized officer as of the day and year first above written. 

AAR AIRCRAFT SERVICES, INC. AAR SUPPLY CHAIN, INC. AAR GOVERNMENT SERVICES, INC. AAR INTERNATIONAL, INC. By: Name: Title: 

Notice Information : 1100 N. Wood Dale Road Wood Dale, Illinois 60191 Attention: Telephone: (630) 227-2090 Facsimile: (630) 227-2101 
 
 Exhibit G 

Accepted and Agreed: WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent By: Name: Title: 
 
 Exhibit G 

 EXHIBIT A SUPPLEMENTAL GUARANTY [Date] Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent for the Lenders under the below-described Credit Agreement Ladies and Gentlemen: Reference is hereby made to (i) that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of December 14, 2022, among AAR Corp., a Delaware corporation, the lenders from time to time parties thereto (the Lenders and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and contractual representative (the Administrative Agent on behalf of itself and the other Lenders (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement and (ii) that certain Guaranty, dated as December 14, 2022, executed and delivered by the Guarantors parties thereto in favor of the Administrative Agent (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Guaranty ). Terms not defined herein which are defined in the Credit Agreement shall have for the purposes hereof the respective meanings provided therein. In accordance with Section 6.07 of the Credit Agreement and Paragraph 19 of the Guaranty, the undersigned, [NEW GUARANTOR], a [corporation/limited liability company/partnership] organized under the laws of [_________________], hereby elects to be a Guarantor and for all purposes of the Credit Agreement and the Guaranty, respectively, effective from the date hereof. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the undersigned hereby agrees to perform all the obligations of a Guarantor under, and to be bound in all respects by the terms of, the Guaranty, to the same extent and with the same force and effect as if the undersigned were a direct signatory thereto. By its execution below, the undersigned represents and warrants as to itself that all of the representations and warranties contained in Paragraph 15 of the Guaranty are true and correct as of the date hereof. This Supplemental Guaranty shall be construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, but otherwise without regard to the conflict of laws provisions), but giving effect to federal laws applicable to national banks. [Signature page follows] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Supplemental Guaranty has been duly executed by the undersigned as of the [__] day of [__________], 202[_]. 

[NEW GUARANTOR] By: Name: Title: Notice Information: [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 air-20230531xex21d1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

Exhibit 21.1 AAR CORP. Subsidiaries, Affiliated Companies, and Joint Ventures Name (1) Place of Incorporation Ownership (2) AAR CORP. (3) Delaware AAR do Brasil Ltda. Brazil 0.1 Rags of Honor, LLC Illinois 10 AAR Aircraft Engine Sales Leasing, Inc. (4) Illinois AAR Asset Management, LLC Delaware AAR International Financial Services, L.L.C. Illinois 10 AAR Aircraft Services, Inc. (5) Illinois Aviation Maintenance Staffing, Inc. Delaware Aeronautica Corporation (6) Illinois AAR Airlift Group, Inc. (7) Florida AAR Airlift Pakistan (Private) Limited Pakistan 50 AAR Airlift S.A.S. Colombia Wide Open Sky General Trading Services, LLC Iraq AAR Government Services, Inc. Illinois AAR Airlift Group Afghanistan Inc. Logistic Services (8) Afghanistan AAR Airlift Cyprus Limited Cyprus AAR Airlift Panama, Inc. Panama AAR Airlift Group Peru S.A.C. Peru 0.1 AAR Airlift Group Peru S.A.C. Peru 99.9 AAR International, Inc. (9) Illinois AAR (25262) LLC Delaware AAR Airlift Pakistan (Private) Limited Pakistan 50 AAR Australia, L.L.C. Illinois AAR Canada Holdings ULC British Columbia AAR Aircraft Services Windsor ULC (10) British Columbia AAR Aircraft Services Trois Rivieres ULC (11) British Columbia AAR do Brasil Ltda. Brazil 99.9 AAR Global Services Australia Pty Ltd (12) Australia AAR International Financial Services, L.L.C. Illinois 90 AARIFS (561) LLC Illinois AARIFS (662) LLC Delaware AARIFS (25092) LLC Delaware AARIFS (25093) LLC Delaware AAR Indamer Technics Private Limited (Joint Venture) India 40 EAVF Aircraft Holdco Limited (Joint Venture) Bermuda 2 EAVF Aircraft Holdco 2 Limited (Joint Venture) Ireland 5 Primat Capital LLC (Joint Venture) Delaware 10 Primat Capital 2019-I LLC Delaware Primat Capital 2020-I LLC Delaware Osprey 737-300 Leasing LLC Delaware 
 
 1 

 Name (1) Place of Incorporation Ownership (2) TN-AR Holdings LLC Delaware 1 Million Class A (Non-voting) Units AAR Landing Gear Services Sdn. Bhd. (Joint Venture) Malaysia 49 AAR Ireland Limited (13) Ireland AAR Japan, Inc. Illinois Airinmar Limited United Kingdom Technisch Handelskantoor Lloyd B.V. Netherlands Allen Airmotive Properties B.V. Netherlands AAR Manufacturing, Inc. (14) Illinois Brown International Corporation (15) Alabama AAR Supply Chain, Inc. (16) Illinois AAR Allen Services, Inc. (17) Illinois AAR Landing Gear LLC (18) Florida EP Aviation, LLC Delaware AAR Sumisho Aviation Services LLC (Joint Venture) (19) Delaware 50 Onset Aviation Parts, Inc. Delaware Trax USA Corp. Florida 
 (1) An italicized name means the entity is a subsidiary of the entity appearing in bold above it. An indentation means the entity is a subsidiary of the entity above. (2) Where not wholly owned by AAR CORP. and/or one of its affiliated companies. Joint ventures are so noted. (3) Also does business under the name AAR Aviation Corp. (4) Also does business under the name AAR Aircraft Advisory Services. (5) Also does business under the names AAR Aircraft Services Indianapolis, AAR Aircraft Services Oklahoma, AAR Aircraft Services Duluth, AAR Aircraft Services Rockford, AAR Aircraft Services Miami, and AAR Engineering Services. (6) Also does business under the name Aeronautica. (7) Also does business under the names AAR Airlift, AAR Airlift Group, AAR Aircraft Services Melbourne and AAR Rotorcraft Services. (8) Also does business under the name AAR Defense Systems Logistics. (9) Also does business under the names AAR Aircraft Component Services International, AAR Engineering Services Asia, Allen Asset Management, AAR International, Inc. Dubai, AAR International, Inc. Abu Dhabi. (10) Also does business under the name AAR MRO Services-Canada, Windsor (ON). (11) Also does business under the name AAR MRO Services-Canada, Trois Rivieres (QC). (12) Also does business under the name AAR Defense Systems and Logistics. (13) Also does business under the name AAR Aircraft Turbine Center. (14) Also does business under the names AAR Mobility Systems, and AAR Manufacturing. (15) Also does business under the name AAR Integrated Technologies. (16) Also does business under the names AAR Aircraft Turbine Center, AAR Defense Systems Logistics, Allen Asset Management, AAR Distribution, and Airinmar. (17) Also does business under the names AAR Aircraft Component Services, AAR Hermetic, and AAR Petrotech. 
 2 

 (18) Also does business under the names AAR Landing Gear Services and AAR Wheels and Brakes Services. (19) This entity is not a subsidiary but a separate joint venture entity under AAR Supply Chain. 
 3 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 air-20230531xex23d1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

Exhibit 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (Nos. 333-214445, 333-191915, 333-219376, and 333-249400) on Form S-8 of our reports dated July 18, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of AAR CORP. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. /s/ KPMG LLP Chicago, Illinois July 18, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 air-20230531xex31d1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION I, John M. Holmes, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of AAR CORP. (the Registrant 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. DATE: July 18, 2023 /s/ JOHN M. HOLMES John M. Holmes Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 air-20230531xex31d2.htm
 EXHIBIT-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION I, Sean M. Gillen, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of AAR CORP. (the Registrant 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. DATE: July 18, 2023 /s/ SEAN M. GILLEN Sean M. Gillen Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 air-20230531xex32d1.htm
 EXHIBIT-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the AAR CORP. (the Company Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended May 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, John M. Holmes, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: July 18, 2023 /s/ JOHN M. HOLMES John M. Holmes Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 air-20230531xex32d2.htm
 EXHIBIT-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the AAR CORP. (the Company Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended May 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Sean M. Gillen, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: July 18, 2023 /s/ SEAN M. GILLEN Sean M. Gillen Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 air-20230531.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 air-20230531_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 air-20230531_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 air-20230531_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

