<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230725_10-K_edgar_data_1117228_0001493152-23-025495.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2189632</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>139530</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>582817</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>602107</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>369154</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>449353</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-025495.hdr.sgml : 20230725
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230725162147
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-025495
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		39
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230430
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230725
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230725

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MASS MEGAWATTS WIND POWER INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001117228
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COGENERATION SERVICES & SMALL POWER PRODUCERS [4991]
		IRS NUMBER:				043402789
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-32465
		FILM NUMBER:		231108796

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12 SOUTHGATE PLACE
		STREET 2:		WORCESTER
		CITY:			WORCESTER
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01610
		BUSINESS PHONE:		508-942-3531

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 60363
		CITY:			WORCESTER
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01606

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MASS MEGAWATTS  WIND POWER INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010307

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MASS MEGAWATTS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010306

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-025495.txt : 20230725

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from: _____________to ______________ 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or Other Jurisdiction 
 of
 Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 
 ,

(Address
 of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: - 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None. 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

 Common
Stock, No Par Value Per share 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer 
and smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based
compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to
 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of the last business day
of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was approximately . 

As
of July 25, 2023, there were shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information 
 3 
 
 Item
 1. 
 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A 
 
 Risk Factors 
 15 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 22 
 
 Item
 2. 
 
 Properties 
 22 
 
 Item
 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 22 
 
 Item
 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 22 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 22 
 
 Item
 6. 
 
 [RESERVED] 
 23 
 
 Item
 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 23 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 24 
 
 Item
 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplemental Data 
 25 
 
 Item
 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 35 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 35 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 35 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 36 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 36 
 
 Item
 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 40 
 
 Item
 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 40 
 
 Item
 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 40 
 
 Item
 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 41 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statements and Schedules 
 41 
 
 Item
 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 41 

2 

PART
I 

CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities
laws, including Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
and Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the following words:
 anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, 
 expect, intend, may, ongoing, plan, 
 potential, predict, project, should, or the negative
of these terms or other comparable terminology, although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. Forward-looking statements
are not a guarantee of future performance or results, and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by, which
such performance or results will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time the statements
are made and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our results, levels of activity, performance
or achievements to be materially different from the information expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements in this Report 

Some
of the statements under Prospectus Summary, Risk Factors, Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Business and elsewhere in this prospectus constitute forward-looking
statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels
of activity, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements
expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include, among other things, those listed under Risk Factors 
and elsewhere in this prospectus. 

In
some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, will, should, 
 could, expects, plans, anticipates , believes, estimates, 
 predicts, potential, or continue or the negative of such terms or other comparable terminology. 

Although,
we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels
of activity, performance, or achievements. Moreover, neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness
of such statements. We are under no duty to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this prospectus. 

Among
the important factors that could cause actual events to differ materially from those indicated by forward-looking statements in this
registration statement the failure of the Company to achieve or maintain necessary zoning approvals with respect to the location of its
MAT power developments; to successfully produce the solar trackers and the MAT on time and remaining competitive; the inability of the
Company to sell its current turbines offered for sale or any future sale, if needed, to finance the marketing and sales of its electricity;
general economic conditions; as well as those risk factors detailed in the periodic reports filed by the company. 

You
should read the matters described and incorporated by reference in Risk Factors and the other cautionary statements made
in this Report, and incorporated by reference herein, as being applicable to all related forward-looking statements wherever they appear
in this Report. We cannot assure you that the forward-looking statements in this Report will prove to be accurate and therefore prospective
investors are encouraged not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Other than as required by law, we undertake no obligation
to update or revise these forward-looking statements, even though our situation may change in the future. 

3 

ITEM1.BUSINESS 

Summary
of the Business 

Mass
Megawatts principal line of business is to develop a solar tracker for production to produce sales in the near term and wind energy
production equipment for potential applications in the longer term. Currently, we have only solar tracker prototypes for the purpose
of testing and finalizing the design before any commercial or mass production. The patent filings related to the solar trackers are pending
and not yet granted. The Company is currently finding locations for suitable operating facilities for its solar project using the solar
tracker technology. In addition to its solar projects, the company intends to build and operate wind energy generated power plants utilizing
proprietary MultiAxis Turbine technology after the solar tracker technology develops to a level of consistent sales to be able to be
profitable or close to profitable. Mass Megawatts built several wind energy power plants to test and develop the new technology. However,
we have not achieved a final product for commercial production of the wind power plants. 

Summary
of Primary Business (Solar Tracker Product) 

The
patent pending, Mass Megawatts Solar Tracking System (STS) is a complete solar power system that is designed to
continually adjust the position of solar panels to receive the optimal level of direct sunlight throughout the day. Unlike other solar
tracking technologies, the Mass Megawatts STS utilizes a low-cost structure that adds stability to the overall solar-power system while
improving energy production levels for the customer. 

Advantages
to owning a solar tracking system (STS) 

Increases
 solar energy production by 25+ over traditional solar power systems 

Provides
 an affordable, solar-power solution for business use 

Reduces
 (or eliminates) the need to purchase higher priced electricity from the local utility 

Lowers
 your monthly electric bill with Net Metering. 

Provides
 a payback occurring within a few years 

Available
 federal, state, and local incentives can reduce your costs dramatically 

Solar
Tracker Business Background 

Over
the past 15 years, Mass Megawatts has continually strived to innovate and improve alternative energy systems and technologies. This includes
new innovations that significantly improve the efficiency of solar power systems. Our latest innovation, the Mass Megawatts Solar Tracking
System (STS), is designed to increase solar energy production by 30 . 

4 

The
patent-pending, STS technology is designed to automatically adjust the position of solar panels to receive an optimal level of direct sunlight
throughout the day. Unlike other solar tracking technologies, the Mass Megawatts STS utilizes a low-cost structure that adds stability
to the overall system while improving energy production levels. 

The
STS utilizes an innovative structural design that combines a simple, yet robust, A-frame design with a low-cost, protective outer-wall.
Using a non-electrical, and passive, tracking technology, the solar panels are automatically repositioned throughout the day as the sun s
position travels from east to west. With ground fittings secured at multiple points, the system is designed to handle extreme weather
and winds up to 120 mph. 

The
tracking technology allows the panels to receive more direct sunlight and to generate more solar power for the customer. With this system,
solar power production is increased by up to 30 as compared to stationary configurations. Future versions of the STS will also offer
a dual-tracking capability, which can further improve solar power generation levels by an additional 10 . 

The
STS allows Mass Megawatts to lower material costs and reduce the number of solar panels needed to generate the rated capacity. Due to
this advantage, Mass Megawatts can deliver more solar power production at a price similar to lower-capacity, stationary systems. Specifically,
we plan to offer 6.25 kW rated STS units at a price that s competitive to stationary, 5 kW systems. In many locations, this improved
output translates into a 40 rate of return for the customer with investment payback occurring in the 3rd year. Further, by taking advantage
of a lease program or power purchase agreement (PPA) arrangement with the company, a customer may realize an immediate, positive cash
flow, as immediate energy savings and/or revenues will be realized and/or exceed the monthly payments due. 

Starting
at 6.25 kW rated units, a Mass Megawatts STS system is appropriate for ground-level, residential and business sites, as well as, commercial,
roof-top installations, and has a rated life expectancy of 20 years. Installation can be completed in a few business days, and there
is no annual, routine maintenance to perform. Mass Megawatts coordinates all aspects of system delivery, including permitting, installation,
and working to obtain any available tax incentives. They monitor the performance of each system, and provide a full, performance guarantee. 

Solar
Tracker Technical Details 

The
STS utilizes a revolutionary, patent-pending framework that significantly reduces the torque required to adjust the position of solar
panels throughout the day. Unlike other tracking technologies that apply a vertical, up-and-down motion, the STS rotates the solar panels
into position using a horizontal motion. The amount of torque needed to accomplish this movement is minimal, and can be accomplished
with a simpler, lower-cost design. 

The
STS framework also allows multiple solar units to share the same tracking mechanism. Instead of applying a separate tracker to each independent
solar unit, many solar-power units can be daisy-chained together to share the same tracking mechanism with the same actuator.
This dramatically reduces the cost to implement a solar tracking solution at larger capacity installations, with costs projected to drop
from 30 to 5 . A substantial savings that significantly improves ROI and shortens the payback-period. With the Mass Megawatts STS, you
get a 28 increase in solar-power generation with a minimal increase in capital expenditures. 

SOLAR
TRACKER TECHNICAL DESCRIPTION 

The
tracker uses a cable and sheave system to move a platform of solar panels to follow the sun throughout the day in order for the panels
to directly face the sun for maximum output. It comprises a motor that would act similar to moving the tracker with moving rope or belt
in order to correctly position the solar tracker to face the sun. Walls on both sides of the platform are part of the means to reduce
static loading in high wind events. A spring loaded universal joint can be connected between the wall and motor and belt system.
The sheave is braked or stopped moving when the pulled cable holds the sheave against the wall during high wind. The purpose of the side
braking means using a spring to allow the platform to hit the wall and shut off power and at the same time hold or break the wire in
order to reduce dramatically or even eliminate static loading on the platform. The gear belt connected to the sheave would not move and
therefore avoid excessive static loading from the high wind on the actuator. The low amount of both dynamic loading and static loading
from this pivot, cable and wire solar tracker system would reduce the need for additional or more powerful actuators in a major way and
at the same time avoid the damage from the wind, weather elements, and actuator side movement damage which is eliminated with this invention. 

5 

The
movement of the belt and actuator area and movement description with the arrows are illustrated with the actuator related components
moving sideways in high wind in order stop the electric movement by hitting a stop switch, halting the sheave movement and stopping wire
movement of the platform. 

The
circumference is equal the total distance of travel for the belt from sunrise to sunset position. A reduction of static loading would
allow for less powerful and less actuators and therefore reducing the cost of the solar tracker. A dual direction damper shock absorber
is connected in a manner that eliminates or virtually eliminates static loads imposed upon the shock absorber damper and other components
of the pulley and belt system. The solar tracker also eliminates or substantially eliminates dynamic loads of the components. The solar
panel in full position of sunrise or sunset or a heavy wind condition whereas the panel is leaning on the bumper to avoid further movement.
The solar panel is leaning on the bumper in sunrise position or a time of a heavy wind. 

SOLAR
TRACKER COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE 

The
Mass Megawatts Solar Tracking System (STS) Advantage 

Based
in Central Massachusetts, Mass Megawatts Wind Power, Inc. (OTC: MMMW) is taking part of the 12 billion, US solar power market with the
development of a new solar tracking technology that significantly increases the level of energy produced by solar power systems. This
innovative design, combined with substantial government incentives, has created an unprecedented opportunity for residential and commercial
electric users. 

The
patent pending, Mass Megawatts Solar Tracking System (STS) is a complete solar power system that s designed
to continually adjust the position of solar panels to receive the optimal level of direct sunlight throughout the day. Unlike other solar
tracking technologies, the Mass Megawatts STS utilizes a low-cost structure that adds stability to the overall system while improving
solar energy production levels for the customer by 28 to 32 . Recent modifications on racking and panels can boost output about 60 percent. 

In
addition, substantial federal, state, and local incentives can significantly reduce the total cost of a solar power investment. With
these favorable government incentives, a large percentage of capital costs can be recouped in the first year of service, while providing
for additional, ongoing revenues. This provides an excellent return on investment with payback projected to occur in the third year for
most customers. 

A
Mass Megawatts STS system is appropriate for home and small business locations and can be scaled to meet capacity requirements at commercial
installations. Mass Megawatts coordinates all aspects of system delivery, including permitting, installation, and working to obtain any
available tax incentives. They monitor the performance of each system, and provide a full, performance guarantee. 

Impact
of Government Incentives on the Total Cost of an STS 

The
value of Federal, state, and local incentives for solar power customers cannot be understated 

Substantially
 reduces the total cost of a solar power system. 

Improves
 the return on investment (ROI) and shortens the payback-period. 

Aids
 in securing third party financing for a solar power system. 

With
favorable rebates and tax incentives, a large percentage of capital costs can be recouped in the first year of service, while providing
for substantial, ongoing revenues. 

6 

The
Power of Solar Renewable Energy Certificates (SRECs) 

In
several states, solar power owners can generate income from the sale of Solar Renewable Energy Certificates (SRECs), which are the positive
environmental attribute of the clean energy produced by a solar system. These are tradable certificates based on the production of the
system. Participating states will qualify eligible solar projects, allowing the owner to sell their generated SRECs in the market to
electricity suppliers (usually utilities). 

One
SREC is typically created for every 1000 kWh (or 1 megawatt hour) of electricity created. The historical value of SRECs have shown a
wide range across states, with Massachusetts rates, for example, recently fluctuating from over 500, down to the solar clearing-house
price of 285 per SREC. 

It s
important to note that the SREC value is separate, and in addition to, the value of the electricity produced. So, you receive value for
the electricity you generate and also for the SRECs you accumulate and sell. It s a terrific, additional income stream for solar-power
customers. 

Energy
Savings with Net Metering 

While
it s well known that solar power/photovoltaic (PV) owners can use the electricity produced by their system to directly offset their
electricity usage from the utility/grid, additional cost benefits can also be realized through Net Metering. 

Net
metering is a state regulation that allows customers generating their own electricity to be credited at nearly the retail rate for the
energy they generate but do not use. A customer s electric meter will run backward whenever the site is producing more solar power
than is being consumed, and their utility account gets net metering credits for net excess generation. 

Most
states have net metering programs, and a 2005 Federal law requires all public utilities to offer net metering upon request. If your solar
power system was designed appropriately, your entire electric bill for the year should be minimized. The net metering programs offered
by utilities can vary, including limits on capacity and different policies regarding how surplus energy is credited. 

Flexible
 Purchase Plans, including direct purchases, lease programs, and power purchase agreements (PPA) are offered. 

Several
purchasing options are available for an STS, including direct purchase, lease programs, and power purchase agreements (PPA). These plans
offer flexibility and control over the initial deposit and out-of-pocket costs to give most home and business owners the financial means
to take advantage of an STS. In some cases, the projected electricity cost savings, sales revenue, and/or incentives will exceed the
payments due, so you can be in a positive, cash flow situation in the first year. 

With
a PPA, Mass Megawatts would own the STS system on your site. We would install and maintain it, no cost to you, and you would pay us for
the electricity generated (at a rate that s below your current energy costs). In that manner, you have no up-front costs, yet still
receive savings from the clean, solar power the system is generating. Other, modified PPA plans can also be setup to allow the customer
to provide an initial, up-front payment, which would secure a lower rate on the electricity they receive in the future. 

Similarly,
with a lease program, you would avoid any large deposits or up-front payments. Mass Megawatts would install and maintain the system,
for free, at your site. The main difference between a PPA and lease plan is that with a PPA, you are paying for the actual amount of
energy generated by the STS (i.e. number of kilowatt-hours / month) verses a lease arrangement, which requires a fixed monthly payment
regardless of the level of energy produced. 

Both
programs provide a great way to avoid a large, up-front investment, while still allowing consumers to realize immediate energy savings
when an STS is installed. With energy costs projected to increase going forward, the savings and investment return for a customer will
continue to grow throughout the expected lifetime of the unit (30+ years). Both programs also provide an option to purchase the STS outright
after a specified amount of time. 

7 

Favorable
 financing options with third-party lenders. 

Securing
third-party financing for a Mass Megawatts Solar Tracking System (STS) is aided by the guaranteed receipt of future government incentives.
This includes the 30 Federal tax credit, along with, state rebates and local incentives, which are received starting in the first year
of service. These guaranteed, no risk, receipts are recognized and valued by third-party lenders, and help to secure financing. 

Full
 warranty, repair service, and performance guarantee provided for the first 10 years. 

The
STS comes with a full warranty protecting against defective equipment and workmanship during the first 10 years. Mass Megawatts also
provides any needed repairs during this time. While no routine, annual maintenance is required, the expected life of the inverter is
10 years. Any needed repairs will be completed by Mass Megawatts over the first 10 years. 

The
operational performance of the STS is also guaranteed during the first 10 years. If the system does not generate the expected, and documented,
level of energy, the customer will be credited for the difference in lost revenue. Mass Megawatts is committed to delivering a high quality
product with exceptional service to each customer. 

STS
 Delivery and Performance 

During
 construction and installation 
 
 A
 performance bond is secured by Mass Megawatts to guarantee satisfactory delivery and completion of the project. This insures the
 value of the STS, for the customer, during the construction and installation period. If, for any reason, the project is not completed
 successfully, the investor will receive full compensation from the bond issuer. 

After
 installation Performance Guarantee 
 
 Once
 installed, the operational performance of the system is monitored and guaranteed for 10 years. If the unit doesn t generate
 the projected level of output (energy), the customer will receive a credit to compensate for any loss in revenue due to substandard
 operational performance. 

Maintenance 
 
 Any
 needed repairs will be performed by Mass Megawatts during the first 10 years of operation. 

Mass
 Megawatts provides continued support to the customer throughout the entire sales and installation process. 

Mass
Megawatts utilizes their industry knowledge and in-house resources to provide continued support to the customer throughout the sales,
design, installation, and operational lifetime of the STS. From the initial site evaluation, through the sales proposal with full disclosure
of costs, incentives, and projected ROR, to the complete installation and support of the STS, Mass Megawatts will be there to oversee
the process to ensure a successful implementation. Mass Megawatts will use their industry knowledge and in-house resources to provide
the following. 

1. 
 Perform
 a site evaluation to confirm the optimal STS design. 

2. 
 Research
 and verify eligibility for all tax incentives, grants, and explore financing options. 

3. 
 Provide
 a written sales proposal with full disclosure of all costs and incentives, as well as, the projected rate of return and payback-period
 for the STS investment. 

4. 
 Work
 through the process to formally apply for these tax incentives, and grants. 

5. 
 Handle
 the complete installation of the STS. 

6. 
 Monitor
 system performance and provide any needed servicing. 

8 

Projected
Timeline 

The
length of time to complete the process of evaluating, purchasing, and installing an STS system can vary and depends on a number of factors.
However, most customers can expect to have their Solar Tracking System installed and operational within a 2 to 6 week period. 

Mass
Megawatts SUMMARY of Secondary Business (Wind Power) 

Mass
Megawatts has continued development efforts in wind power technology to bring a product to the renewable energy marketplace capable of
producing electricity at a cost 30 lower than other wind power equipment. Designed on a paradigm that lower height, lower wind
speeds and lower costs equal higher profits , this technology puts MAT electricity generation on a competitive footing with fossil
fuels, such as coal and natural gas. 

A
 Smart Grid Energy Solution: MAT technology fits perfectly into the localized distributed energy models that
have been adopted by Federal and State agencies to promote energy independence and the re-design of our power transmission and distribution
network into a national Smart Grid . 

Energy
planners nationwide have been seeking an adaptable, scalable wind power solution that will be welcomed by local communities.
Mass Megawatts MAT technology meets this challenge on every level. Adaptable to both high and lower wind resource regions and economically
scalable to meet electric supply requirements from small users to large utilities, the MAT technology is the first wind power technology
that allows purchasers to size their electric generation facility to fit their usage needs. 

Traditionally,
wind power adopters have found themselves in the position of having to purchase systems that either provided more generation capacity
then they needed, or, conversely, walk away shorthanded. The MAT s modular technology basis puts the sizing 
decision making on the customer s side of the table, not the vendor s. Uncounted numbers of municipal, agricultural and business
wind power projects have been abandoned on the basis of the purchaser s not being able to acquire equipment that could be sized
to their needs and budget. 

Low
Height = Community Acceptability: Mass Megawatts is recognized as the vendor of choice for utilities, communities, businesses and other
wind power generation adopters who are seeking a lower cost, community friendly, renewable energy solution. MAT technology is readily
accepted by local communities, where resistance to tall tower wind farms is legendary. Ranging between 50 feet to a maximum
of 80 feet in overall height, MAT units boast extremely productive generation capability in areas with lower wind speeds, where tall
tower utility-scaled projects simply are not financially feasible or successful. 

Durability
 Low Cost Maintenance: This winning equation is further enhanced by the overall ruggedness and low maintenance requirements of the
MAT units. Our equipment is rated to withstand winds of up to 120 mph, with all mechanical and electrical components located close to
ground level. Projected maintenance costs are 50 less than the wind power industry s average. 

Unlimited
Potential: The geographic footprint of lower wind speed regions both suitable and profitable for MAT technology is several times greater
than that of tall tower wind, with its requirement for extremely high wind resources. 

Wind
Power Business 

Mass
Megawatts intends to build and operate wind energy power plants and to sell the generated electricity to the power commodity exchange.
The Company s MultiAxis Turbosystem (MAT) technology (multiple patents pending) will establish constantly renewable, clean, cost-competitive
wind energy. Based on MAT s performance, the Company is projected to produce power at a cost of 2.4 per kWh. The Company anticipates
being able to sell electricity at a price of 3.00 per megawatt/hour. 

If
Mass Megawatts chooses to work through power brokers, the Company believes it could potentially sell the environmentally correct green 
power for as much as 6.50 per megawatt/hour. 

9 

The
Wind Power Product (Multiaxis Turbosystem) 

The
Mass Megawatts leading product is the MultiAxis Turbosystem MAT ), proprietary technology licensed from the Company s
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Jonathan C. Ricker. The license agreement gives Mass Megawatts the territorial right to use the
technology in half of the United States of America. The licensed states are Massachusetts, New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, California,
Illinois, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Nebraska, North Dakota, South Dakota, Texas, Vermont, Washington, and Wisconsin. The licensor
is paid two percent of net sales during the life of the patent of each product. The agreement can be terminated by Mass Megawatts, the
licensee, at the end of any annual period by thirty days advance notice to the Licensor. 

Wind
turbines take advantage of a free, clean, inexhaustible power source to convert wind energy into electricity. Each MAT consists of a
rectangular fabricated steel frame 80 high x 80 long and 40 wide, elevated 50 above ground level for improved
wind velocity, and secured to footings at ground level. Each frame houses 16 shaft 4-tiered stacks, and onto each stack is mounted 8,
4 wide x 18 long blades. Each stack is connected to two generators mounted on the ground level footing. The generators
feed to a power collector panel which, in turn, connects to the power grid. Each MAT unit is rated at 360 kWh. 

In
order to generate large amounts of cost-efficient energy, conventional turbines (airplane propeller style) require massive, and expensive,
rotors to turn the huge blades. These blades must be of a diameter sufficient to increase the airflow impacting the blade s surface
area. As the diameter of the blade increases, so too does the cost of other components. Large blades also create structural stress and
fatigue problems in the gearbox, tower, and in the yawing system which turns the turbine into the optimal wind direction. 

The
MAT reduces blade cost by using a geometrically simple, smaller blade which addresses problems associated with vertical axis turbines.
Vertical axis turbines suffer from severe structural stress problems caused by the forces of lift which push the blades back and forth
causing heavy cyclical loads. As vertical turbines rotate, wind contacts them first from the left side, then from the right. This constant
repetitive motion causes fatigue. The popular propeller, or horizontal version, also has horizontal lift stresses, although at a reduced
level since the lift forces are not constantly reversing. MAT s small blade units eliminate the structural fatigue of longer, heavier
blades. It also enables MAT to more efficiently gather the mechanical power of the wind and transfers it to the generators for the production
of electrical power. This innovation also allows other critical parts of the wind turbine to be repositioned, thus reducing the structural
complexity and cost of construction. For example, the heavy generator and shaft speed increasing device, can now be placed at ground
level rather than mounted atop the tower. In conventional wind turbine design, the shaft speed increasing device is typically a heavy
gearbox which must be sufficiently rugged to withstand the vibrations of the tower caused by the large blades. The combination of vibrations
and yaw (the action of turning the turbine into the wind), causes structural stress. 

By
locating the drive train and generator at ground level, components with considerable weight or mass can be used. For example, a direct
drive generator can be used, eliminating the need for a gearbox. This provides the advantages of variable-speed operation which increases
power output at a lower cost. Ground level construction also allows easier access, which reduces maintenance costs. 

The
MAT design enables power output to be achieved at a much lower windspeed, providing a more consistent power output to the utility power
grid. This potential for consistent output provides utilities with planning advantages, and fewer power fluctuations allow for better
power quality. Coal, oil and gas generators are always at full capacity when needed. Wind energy, using conventional turbines, cannot
reach full capacity unless weather conditions are favorable. 

MAT s
improved method of delivering electricity will allow wind energy generated power to demand a higher competitive bid price due to the
more consistent supply. Other environmental advantages specific to MAT include its noiseless turbines which will ease site permitting,
and its high visibility to birds which will prevent them from flying into the rotation area. 

10 

Technical
Advantages of MAT Technology 

Traditionally,
wind turbines were supported by a single tower and in many cases with guy wires leading to a multitude of vibration and frequency related
problems. The blades of vertical axis turbines were large and therefore limited in their design and the material. For example, aluminum
extrusion and fiberglass pultrusion were used in the two most serious commercial applications of vertical axis turbines. Due to the large
size of the fiberglass blades, transporting them required a straight shape. The strength was limited for the purpose of being able to
bend the blades at the place of installation. In other vertical axis wind technology, the aluminum blades could not form a true aerodynamically
optimal shape. The blades had to be made of significant length and the available extrusion equipment for the long length and large profiles
are not available for producing a structural and aerodynamic blade at a cost competitive price. The patents of both serious commercial
prior applications of vertical axis technology are described in Vertical Axis Wind Turbine Patent number 4,449,053 and
 Vertical Axis Wind Turbine with Pultruded Blades in Patent number 5,499,904. 

The
MAT overcame the size related disadvantages. One such manufacturing advantage of the MAT includes the cost reduction of using smaller
components instead of larger and fewer components. Other advantages include more solid blades which help to resolve cyclical stress advantages
and inexpensive repair and maintenance with components like the generator, heavy variable speed equipment and gearbox on the ground level
while elevating the rotor high above the ground in order to avoid turbulence. The MAT can provide a longer life for the bearings by reducing
structural and mechanical stress with its vibration reduction innovations and decentralization of mechanical forces. Another advantage
is to provide an improved mean to failure ratio by having many components including 256 blades, 16 shafts, and 16 generators. The MAT
is also easier to construct and uses standard off the shelf items which avoids the need of custom made parts with the exception of the
mass-produced blades. Several suppliers can supply the blades in order to avoid supplier backlog problems. The MAT enhances structural
support by using a tower support system similar to a larger footprint like an oversized lattice tower section. A roof can provide weather
protection and additional structural support. Blades can be placed at different positions or angles along the axis for reducing torque
ripple. With less vibrations and better weather protection, cheaper material can be utilized in the wind system. The MAT can use cheap
wooden and less expensive structural supports that are also easier to construct. An advantage of the roof is to prevent excess wear and
tear without the rain and snow falling onto the turbine system. In one noted benefit, the structure could be like a four legged table
unlike a one tower support system of other wind turbines. This is similar to the concept behind the lighter but stronger Rolm tower.
Therefore, it requires less material for the needed stability. In an additional feature, the MAT could use an off the shelf bushing of
concentric sleeves with rubber, polyurethane or other isolator, absorber and /or damper securely bonded between the structure and the
moving parts. The object of this bushing would be to isolate or dampen the vibrations of the moving blades from the steel structure.
The bushings will be placed between the shaft and bearings. The sleeve structure is designed to take up torsional movements as well as
axial and radial loads. The design of avoiding one central blade area allows this divide and conquer approach of isolating
the vibrations in a cost-effective manner. The belt connection with the generator would isolate vibrations in the electrical area. More
importantly, the reduced vibrations and a stronger tower structure should add years to the life of the turbine at a reduced cost. 

Renewable
Energy (Solar and Wind) Markets 

Wind
and solar energy are the fastest growing sectors of the world electricity market. Mass Megawatts has identified 140,000 megawatts worth
of opportunities to earn more than 20 rate of return on the sale of electricity with investments of wind and solar energy. 

A
more profitable secondary market is the emerging green premium and community solar markets, Mass Megawatts could receive a selling price
of 6.00 or greater per kWh for its clean electricity. Recent national surveys show that approximately 40-70 of the population surveyed
indicate a willingness to pay a premium for renewable energy. Although 10 of the respondents say they will participate in such a program,
actual participation is estimated at 1 . Currently, more than a dozen utilities have green marketing programs. Public Service Company
of Colorado, Central and South West Services Corporation of Texas, and Fort Collins Light and Power Company are leading the effort in
wind related green electricity marketing with 10 megawatts of wind power devoted to green marketing efforts using photovoltaics. 

Although
the green market is new, utilities are initiating two approaches to take advantage of the growing public preference for renewable energy.
One is offering customers a specific electricity source at a premium. The second approach is giving customers an opportunity to invest
in future renewable energy projects. 

11 

ENERGY
MARKET COMPETITIVE COMPARISON. 

According
to the Electric Power Research Institute, the past 10 years have seen traditional energy costs increase while solar and wind energy costs
have declined. The advances in technology, larger-scale and more efficient manufacturing processes, and increased experience in wind
turbine operations has contributed substantially to this trend. This cost decline is paralleled with a substantial increase in installed
solar and wind energy capacity. As a result, maintenance costs have fallen significantly. Wind and solar energy sources comprise a small
percent of the current electricity generating industry. In spite of the stronger financial and organizational resources of the larger
conventional gas, oil, and nuclear fuel electric generation companies, the wind and solar industries can substantially increase sales
and growth by achieving just a small increase in market share. 

The
current status in solar and wind energy economics compared with alternate energy sources is shown below. Values are based on lifetime
average cost studies including design, construction, and operations. 

IMPORTANT
NOTE: Actual cost per fuel source is different depending on geographical location and the cost shown are the average cost in the global
market in year 2022. 

Fuel Source 
 / kWh 
 Market Share 

Coal 
 6.0 
 20 
 
 Nuclear 
 7.0 
 20 
 
 Natural Gas 
 4.5 
 40 
 
 Petroleum 
 5.0 
 1 
 
 Hydroelectric 
 4.5 
 7 
 
 Wind (pre MAT) 
 5.5 
 8 
 
 Solar 
 3.5 
 2 
 
 Diesel 
 7 40 
 0.5 
 
 Biomass 
 8 
 1.5 

at
good hydroelectric sites 

 in
15 mph average windspeed conditions 

 depending
on size and location of facility, with smaller more remote locations having higher costs 

Sourcing 

The
Mass Megawatts is not dependent upon exclusive or unique suppliers. However, certain custom-made items including bearings, solar tracker
components and wind power blades will require four to six weeks lead time due to special manufacturing techniques. The Company has identified
alternate suppliers if current business relationships cease. 

The
Company plans to use multiple suppliers, chosen through competitive bidding. The price of materials used is expected to be substantially
similar from one vendor to the next due to the availability of raw supplies. The absence of special technologies negates dependence on
any one supplier. 

Solar
Energy and Solar Tracker Industry Analysis 

Solar
energy projects are either ground mounted or roof mounted, Projects larger than one megawatt capacity are ground mounted and comprise
of 75 percent of the market. Ground mount projects can be trackers or fixed tilt. The trackers can be either single axis or dual axis.
The vast majority of the tracker used for commercial applications are single axis trackers due to the simplicity of single axis tracker
in comparison to dual axis trackers. The growth of the solar tracker market is higher than the overall solar market in general. The solar
market is growing as a result of the need to replace fossil fuel and nuclear power plants after their useful life has reached a point
of retirement. Furthermore, there is a growing corporate and popular support for the use of clean and renewable energy sources. The acceleration
of the application of utility scale battery storage is increasing the opportunities for solar and wind power as a consistent and more
reliable energy source. 

12 

In
the past two years, the solar tracker market is growing at 1.5 times faster than the rate of the overall solar market. The solar tracker
market grew at a 35 compound annual growth. 

Wind
Industry Analysis 

According
to the U.S. Department of Energy, wind and solar energy are rapidly becoming one of the least expensive and most abundant new sources
of electricity with capacity expected to increase and costs decrease over the next two decades. Over the past two decades, the wind and
solar energy industries has increasingly studied and improved technology design and operation. Initially, federal research focused on
very large utility scale machines each with a capacity potential of 1 to 5 megawatts. Focus continued on larger machines during the 1970 s
and 1980 s when many international corporations developed large wind turbines with 200 foot blades. In the 1990 s, smaller
wind turbines gained acceptance as the more viable option and the majority of wind turbines at that time were intermediate-sized with
50-500 kWh peak capacity. Most turbines being built today are mature propeller-based designs comprising upwind, horizontal axis 3-blades
construction with a multi-megawatt rating. These turbines look like giant fans with thin blades and while they have lent credibility
to the wind industry within the investment and developer community, the cost of energy from these turbines may be near the upper limit
due to size effectiveness and efficiencies of mass production. The acceptance of these propeller-driven turbines is based on many years
of testing and experience but the industry s ability to develop more efficient innovations utilizing this design is limited and
research potential is exhausted. Still, numerous alternative turbines have been developed and include one-blade and two-blade machines,
vertical axis design, variable speed designs, direct drive between blades, and generators rather than gearboxes. 

The
continued evolution of this wind technology is evident with the existence of varying wind turbine designs. However, there is division
in the wind industry between those who want to capitalize on the emerging respect the business community has for established, mature
wind technology, and those who seek new technologies designed to bring about significant cost reductions. Mass Megawatts chooses to seek
new horizons beyond current perception and knowledge by developing new technologies that will significantly reduce wind energy costs.
As a result, the Company products can be seen as participants in several different industries. 

LIST
OF TARGETED SEGMENT WITHIN ENERGY INDUSTRY 

1)The
Conventional Independent Power Producers (IPP) 

The
largest targeted industry is independent power production. According to the Massachusetts Department of Public Utilities publication
 Power to Compete authored by Michael Best of the Center for Industrial Competitiveness, increased capacity over the next
several years will result in a 50 billion increase in annual sales if IPP s can deliver electricity at 4 per kWh. Wind related
IPP s currently produce 200 million in electricity sales per year in the United States at 7 cents per kWh. The impact of deregulation
of the electric utilities is expected to present opportunities for wind related IPP s according to the Massachusetts Technology
Collaborative. With current cost of wind power in limited high wind locations at 4.5 per kWh, the cost of large scale investment in wind
energy is the same to the consumer as it would be for more conventional energy sources. In other words, combined gas turbines, modern
coal technologies, and wind power in limited locations can all earn enough sufficient to encourage investment if and when the retail
sale of the electricity produced is 4.5 per kWh. 

2)The
End of Line Industry 

Modular
sources of power generation at the end of a utility s distribution lines include small wind turbines, diesel generators, and photovoltaics.
In growing communities, it is more cost effective to add small power-generating facilities such as wind turbines than to provide electric
service and as a result, they will pay a premium for electricity rather than incur the higher cost of constructing new power lines and
substations for transport. Within the next 10 years, potential exists for construction of wind power plants producing hundreds of megawatts
in remote areas of utility distribution lines. In these areas, the price per kWh sold is several times higher than the normal selling
price. 

13 

3)The
Green Industry 

In
the new era of electric utility restructuring wherein consumers can choose their electricity sources, some are choosing green energy
produced from clean and renewable sources such as wind or solar power. These resources are available as a commodity, but the green consumer
pays a premium for emission-free energy. The American Wind Energy Association in Washington, D.C. states that recent polls show that
more than 5 of the general population are willing to pay more for renewable energy. 

4)The
Off-Grid Industry 

This
small industry is for consumers who are not near power lines or who choose not to be connected to the grid. The industry includes wind,
solar, wood burning furnaces, and small hydropower turbines. Like the green industry, these consumers have a strong environmental awareness.
Although the potential market for off-grid energy is less than 1 of the electricity market, the dollar potential is estimated to be
as much as 2 billion. 

SOME
OF THE LARGEST INDUSTRY PARTICIPANTS 

As
solar and wind energy technology gains wider acceptance, competition may increase as large, well-capitalized companies enter the business.
Although one or more may be successful, the Company believes that its technological advantage and early entry will provide a degree of
competitive protection. 

The
largest U.S. solar company, NextEra Energy, Inc. is valued at more than Exxon. In October of 2020, the stock market valued the company
at 900 million more than the value of Exxon. 

The
Danish firm, Vestas, is the world s leading producer of wind turbines and a major exporter of turbines to the United States. An
innovator in structural and generator advancements, Vestas has been a leader in wind power since the 1980s. 

Sun
Power is a leader in many innovations of solar power that is diversified in residential, commercial and solar storage. 

EcoPlexus,
Inc. is a leader of solar professional services that include development, design, engineering, and construction. 

Canadian
Solar which is well known for its solar panel is a leading utility-scale solar and energy storage developer. 

First
Solar Inc, is a leader in manufacturing and producing solar panels in the United States in a time when most of the global solar panel
manufacturing is located in China. 

Siemens
Gamesa is a Spanish based wind turbine manufacturing company with total installed wind power capacity of 30,000 MW. 

Bergey
Windpower produces small turbines, primarily for use where utility grid interconnect lines are not readily available. 

As
a footnote, recent economic growth in India and China has spurred on wind energy s high growth rate in those countries. As a result,
they are world leaders in the demand for wind turbines. 

Distribution
Patterns 

Distribution
begins with identifying energy demand in and near potential power plant sites. Replacement of older or obsolete power plants, as well
as growth in the population and the economy, are factors in determining energy demand in identified areas. Assuming a sufficient energy
demand, the Company will test potential sites to determine whether sufficient wind energy resources are available to effectively and
efficiently displace current electricity sources, thus reducing pollution from fossil fuel. With a successful analysis, the Company will
obtain land right and apply for permits to install and operate a wind power generating plant. In the past, zoning and permitting issues
have included noise generated by wind farms but MAT s slower moving blades should help eliminate this issue. The Company will also
determine the need for additional transmission lines to deliver to the power grid transmission lines. 

14 

Primary
Competitors 

In
addition to the specific entities engaged in the business of wind power technology mentioned above, the Company will also compete with
companies producing and selling non-wind energy products that fill the same needs as the Company s products. 

Combined-Cycle
Gas Turbines. Innovations in this technology have led to lower costs, higher efficiency, and cleaner emissions combined with power generation
for less than 4 per kWh. 

Modern
Coal Technologies. New designs, which double or triple reheat scrubber-equipped plants, increase efficiencies and decrease pollution
emissions relative to typical reheat designs. 

Biomass-generated
electricity. Gasifying the biomass to fuel high-efficiency gas turbine systems could cost as little as 4.6 per kWh in the near term Petroleum,
photovoltaic cells and nuclear power are not a current threat to Mass Megawatts since the cost to produce electricity from these sources
is higher than that of wind. Cost effective, profitable hydropower is limited to a sites on swift moving water sources and with limited
ability to increase market share it does not prove a major threat toward wind power. 

Foreign
Sales and Exports 

Mass
Megawatts did not have any operations in foreign companies or export sales in the fiscal year ending April 30, 2001. 

Employees 

As
of April 30, 2023, the Company had no employees. The Company has retained all members of the management team as consultants. The
Company believes its employee relations to be good and no significant changes in the number of employees are expected. None of the Company s
employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement. 

Research
and Development 

The
Company has no revenues. However, approximately 30 of the proceeds obtained from the sale of its common capital stock
has been spent on research and development. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

An
investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below as well as the
other information in this filing before deciding to invest in our company. Any of the risk factors described below could significantly
and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently
known or that are currently considered to be immaterial may also materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition
and results of operations. As a result, the trading price or value of our common stock could be materially adversely affected and you
may lose all or part of your investment. 

15 

RISK
FACTORS 

New
 product might not be successful and Uncertainty of Market Acceptance 

Developing
 Business presents new obstacles 

Company
 not at Mass Production Stage 

Marketing
 risk 

Possible
 Loss of Entire Investment 

Intellectual
 Property Risk 

Inability
 to Sell Offering and Need of Additional Financing 

Stock
 Market Fluctuation Risk 

Growth
 Management Risk 

Retention
 of Key Employee Retention Rick and Management Dependence 

Going
 Concern Qualifications 

Limitations
 in Site Locations 

Regulatory
 Risk 

Supplier
 Reliance 

Competition 

Fluctuation
 of Conventional Energy Prices 

Changes
 in Government Incentives 

Inability
 to Obtain Grants 

Employee
 Union Activities 

Product
 Liability Risk 

Product
 Recall Risk 

Insufficient
 Warranty Reserves 

Supplier
 Ethics Risk 

Cost
 of Being Public Risk 

No
 Dividend 

Dilution
 Risk 

Penny
 Stock Risk 

Mass
Megawatts Wind Power was incorporated in 1997 in Massachusetts. Our principal offices are located Worcester, Massachusetts. Our telephone
number is (508) 942-3531. References herein to Mass Megawatts we , us , and our ,
mean Mass Megawatts Wind Power, Inc. unless the context otherwise requires. 

RISK
FACTORS 

Investing
in our shares is risky. You should carefully consider the following risks before making an investment decision. The trading price of
our shares could decline due to any of these risks, and you could lose all or a part of your investment. 

1. 
 New
 Product Development 

The
technological and operational success is the key to the Company s success. As in the commercial development of any new mechanical
product, long-term operation may lead to the discovery of deficiencies in the solar tracker design, MAT design and/or in its manufacturing.
For instance, long-term operation might disclose that the loading exceeds design criteria, resulting in materials fatigue failure. Significant
developments in technologies, such as advanced fracking, ethanol, improved natural gas, or improvements in competitive solar trackers,
may materially and adversely affect our business and prospects in ways we do not currently anticipate. Any failure by us to develop new
technologies or to react to improvements with existing technologies, could materially delay our new technologies, which could result
in the decreased revenue and reduction of overall market share in both the solar marketplace and larger energy market. 

2. 
 Developing
 Business Risks 

The
early stages of any start-up business are subject to many risks. Company success is highly influenced by the normal expenses, problems,
complications, and frequent delays associated with a new business. It is likely that Mass Megawatts will continue to require substantial
capital in addition to the proceeds of this offering. The ability to raise capital and support growth of its operations is dependent
on maintaining suitable profit margins for each investment the Company makes in its solar power technology. Additionally, numerous factors
including the nation s economy, conditions of the capital markets in general, and conditions affecting the solar and wind energy
industry may affect Mass Megawatts ability to raise capital. There is no assurance that the Company s products will result
in a commercial success. 

16 

3. 
 Company
 not at Mass Production Stage 

Currently
no solar tracker prototypes suitable for commercial or mass production have been completed or tested. Fatigue and weather related structural
testing has been done on a limited basis with a proof of concept prototype. The future success of the Company is dependent on its ability
to manufacture and to deliver the solar trackers on a timely basis at a sustained and acceptable cost. While the assembly capacity could
be established without much difficulty, no full scale production is currently implemented. Increasing this assembly capacity might involve
uncertainty and risk. Any delay in the financing, design, manufacture and could materially damage our business, financial condition and
operating results. New solar technology often experience delays in the design and manufacture. Mass Megawatts experienced significant
delays in launching the solar tracker. We initially announced that we would begin delivering at an earlier date, These delays resulted
in additional costs and adverse publicity for our business. We may experience similar delays in launching our production, and any such
delays could be significant. In addition, final designs for the build out of the planned facilities are still in process, and component
procurement and manufacturing plans have not been finalized. We are currently evaluating our suppliers for planned production. However,
we may not be able to engage suppliers for the remaining components. In addition, we will also need to do extensive testing to ensure
that the Solar Tracker is in compliance with UL 3703 prior to beginning mass production. Our plan to is dependent upon the timely availability
of funds. The build out of our manufacturing plans in a timely manner and ability to execute plans are critical. 

4. 
 Market
 Risk 

No
utility purchase agreement has been signed at a purchase price that would result a profit. There can be no assurances that the Company s
own marketing efforts will be successful. The Company has not entered into any distribution arrangements. The Company requires significant
investment prior to commercial introduction, and may never be successfully developed or commercially successful. There can be no assurance
that we will be able to meet the expectations of our customers or will become commercially viable. The Company may not able to build
the solar trackers to the expectations created by the early prototype. The customers may not accept our solar tracker and our future
sales could be adversely affected. In the future, the Company may be required to introduce on a regular basis new and enhanced solar
trackers. As technologies change, we will be expected to upgrade or adapt our products and introduce improved versions. We have limited
experience simultaneously designing, manufacturing and marketing our product. 

5. 
 Possible
 Loss of Investment 

Prospective
investors should be aware that their entire investment could be at risk. Quarterly variations in financial results could cause the market
price of the Common Stock to fluctuate substantially. Mass Megawatts revenues and earnings are difficult to predict because of
the unpredictable timing related to the production goals. In addition, the stock marketing in general could experience wide price and
volume fluctuations. There are no assurances that an investment in this company will be profitable. 

6. 
 Intellectual
 Property 

There
can be no assurances that patents will issue from any of the pending applications. In addition, with regard to any patent that may issue,
there can be no assurance that the claims allowed will be sufficiently broad to protect the Company s technology or that issued
patents will not be challenged or invalidated. There is no certainty that we are the first inventor of a new product covered by pending
patent applications or the first to file patent applications. We be certain that the pending patent applications of our company or any
licensor will result in issuing of patents or that there would be sufficient protection against a competitor. In addition, patent applications
filed in foreign countries are subject to laws, rules and procedures that differ from those of the United States, and thus we cannot
be certain that foreign patent applications related to issued U.S. patents will be issued. Furthermore, some foreign countries provide
significantly less effective patent protection than in the United States. The status of patents involves complex legal and factual questions
and the breadth of claims allowed is uncertain. As a result, we cannot be certain that the patent applications will result in patent
issuances. The protection against competitors with similar technology is uncertain. Additionally, patents issued are subject to infringement
and potentially be redesigned by others. Competitors may obtain patents that we need to license or design around. The increased costs
may have a negative impact on our business. 

17 

7. 
 Risk
 of Inability to Achieve the Maximum Proceeds in the Amount of the Offering 

It
will be more difficult for the company to achieve a successful implementation of its business plan if the maximum proceeds made available
through this offering cannot be raised. Wind power generating facilities require substantial investments. General economic and capital
market conditions may have a negative impact in the Company s ability to achieve the maximum proceeds amount. If less than the
maximum proceeds are sold, the percentage of non-product manufacturing expenses (offering, legal, accounting, and advertising expenses)
to the overall use of offering proceeds will be greater than the percentage if the maximum proceeds are sold. 

8. 
 Stock
 Market Risk 

Although,
there is some liquidity of the company s Common Stock on OTC Markets at the current time, there has been no guarantee of a market
for our Common Stock and the Investors may not be able to sell their shares after the offering is completed. There is no guarantee of
liquidity at any time in the future with the common stock of Mass Megawatts being traded on OTC Markets. There can be no assurance that
a significant public market will develop or be sustained after this offering. In addition, there is risk that the offering will not be
able to be completed. 

9. 
 Growth
 Management 

Rapid
growth could impair the Company s ability to effectively manage growth. Managing growth requires expanding the employee, operational,
and financial bases. Failure to develop efficient construction and manufacturing processes of the solar technology could have a negative
impact on the ability to manage growth. Mass Megawatts might not have the ability to execute its forward commitments to manufacture and
construct its solar trackers. If we are unable to establish and maintain confidence with business prospects among consumers, then our
financial condition and business outlook may suffer. Suppliers and installers will be less likely to invest time and resources in developing
business opportunities with Mass Megawatts if they do not have confidence with us. In order to build and maintain our business, we must
maintain confidence among customers and suppliers Many factors are largely outside our would likely harm our business and make it more
difficult to raise additional funds when needed. 

10. 
 Retention
 of Key Employees Risk 

Our
key employees are not bound by any employment agreement. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully attract key people
necessary to grow our business. A good part of our future success is dependent upon our ability to attract key technology, sales, marketing
and support personnel and any failure to do so could adversely impact our business. The Company may in the future experience difficulty
in retaining members of our management team. Additionally, we do not have key person life insurance policies covering any
of our officers or other key employees. There is substantial competition for qualified individuals with the specialized knowledge of
solar energy and this competition affects both our ability to retain and hire key employees. 

11. 
 Going
 Concern Qualifications 

Our
accountants have included an explanatory paragraph in their report on our financial statements regarding our ability to continue as
a going concern. During the ordinary course of business, operating losses have incurred each period since inception, resulting in an
accumulated deficit and negative cash flows. In addition, the Company has a history of negative working capital. Currently,
management is soliciting additional equity investors to fund these losses. However, these conditions raise substantial doubt about
the Mass Megawatts, ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the
recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that might be
necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

12. 
 Limited
 Site Locations 

Local
regulatory, permitting, and zoning constraints may limit, delay, or affect the cost of site development. The visibility of solar energy
farms and wind turbines as well as threats to endangered or migratory birds may require wind turbines to not be sited near areas where
such species might be threatened. In addition, suitable sites may be located in areas where the availability of solar or wind resource
does not coincide with power needs and it may be remote from adequate transmission facilities. In some otherwise favorable sites the
energy cost may be low. Some sites might be limited with the high cost of acquiring easements and other land use rights. Site development
may be affected by social policy concerns, such as noise and visibility of wind energy systems. The danger to migratory birds and other
wildlife may require the site locations to be abandoned or moved to areas where the endangered species might not be threatened. Other
site related issues include local regulatory, zoning and permitting constraints which may delay, limit or affect the cost of site development. 

18 

13. 
 Regulations 

The
electric industry is subject to energy and environmental laws at the federal, state, and local levels. The Public Utility Regulatory
Act of 1978 provides qualifying facilities QFs important exemptions from substantial federal and state legislation, including
regulation as public utilities. Loss of QF status by any one of the Company s projects could cause the Company to become a public
utility holding company, thereby causing many of the Company s other projects to lose their QF status and become subject to regulation
as public utilities. The compliance of the regulations may be complicated or difficult. Specialized or legal assistance may be required
for the company to carry out its business. Electric generation projects also are subject to federal, state, and local laws and administrative
regulations, which govern the geographic location, zoning, land use, and operation of plants and emissions produced by said plants. Recently,
modified legislation of the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935 PURPA increases competition by allowing utilities
to develop production facilities that don t qualify as QFs without being subject to regulation under PUHCA. 

14. 
 Suppliers
 Reliance 

Interruption
of suppliers operations can delay delivery of components to the company, which could adversely impact the company s operations.
Mass Megawatts purchases components from outside venders and is aware of alternative suppliers for single-sourced items. The Company
believes that the loss of any one supplier would have only a short-term impact on its production schedule. In the long term, additional
suppliers will be required as production volume increases. While we believe that we may be able to establish alternate supply relationships
and can obtain or engineer replacement components for our single source components, Mass Megawatts may be unable to do so in the short
term or at all at prices or costs that are favorable to us. In particular, while we believe that we will be able to secure alternate
sources of supply for almost all of our single sourced components on a relatively short time frame, qualifying alternate suppliers or
developing our own replacements for certain highly customized components of the solar tracker, such as the solar panels, inverters and
racking. 

This
supply chain exposes us to multiple potential sources of delivery failure or component shortages. Mass Megawatts is currently evaluating
our suppliers for the planned production solar tracker and we intend to establish suppliers for key components. Changes in business conditions
beyond our control or which we do not presently anticipate, could also affect our suppliers ability to deliver components to us
on a timely basis. If we experience increased demand, or need to replace our existing suppliers, there can be no assurance that additional
supplies of component parts will be available when required on terms that are favorable to us or that any supplier would allocate sufficient
supplies. The loss of any single or limited source supplier or the disruption in the supply of components from these suppliers could
lead to delays that could materially adversely affect our business. A failure by our suppliers to provide the components necessary to
manufacture our solar trackers could prevent us from fulfilling customer orders in a timely fashion which could result in a material
adverse effect on our business. In addition, since we have no fixed pricing arrangements with any of our suppliers which could harm our
financial condition. 

15. 
 Competition 

Fossil
fuel-fired plants including gas-fired and petroleum-fueled power plants, are the primary competition of the Company. In addition, the
increased use of competitive bidding procedures has made obtaining power purchase agreements with utilities more competitive. Competitive
bidding generally has reduced the price utilities pay independent power producers, which, in turn, reduces the profitability of many
independent power projects. If solar power and wind power become a more widely accepted technology, large and well-capitalized companies
deciding to invest in any of the various wind power technologies, may also increase the competition. 

19 

16. 
 Fluctuation
 of Conventional Energy Prices 

Survival
of wind-powered facilities depends on producing electricity at a cost that is competitive with other forms of generation. Low fossil
fuel prices, which reduce the cost of electricity generated by fossil fuels, may adversely affect the Company s ability to generate
profits. 

17 
 Changes
 in Government Incentives 

Any
reduction or elimination of government incentives because of policy changes, the reduced need for such subsidies and incentives due to
the perceived success of the solar tracker may result in the reduced competitiveness. Our growth depends in part on the availability
of incentives for solar energy. Certain regulations that encourage sales of solar power equipment could be reduced or eliminated, either
currently or at any time in the future. For example, while the federal and state governments have from time to time enacted tax credits
and other incentives, our competitors have more resources with legislative activities. 

18 
 Inability
 in Obtaining Grants 

Mass
Megawatts plans to apply for federal and state incentives including, loans, grants, and tax incentives designed to support renewable
energy technologies. We anticipate that in the future there will be new opportunities for us. Our ability to obtain funds or incentives
from government sources is subject to the approval of our applications of participating programs. The application process for these incentives
will be highly competitive. There is no assurance that the Company will be successful. If there is a lack of success in obtaining any
of these additional incentives and we cannot find alternative sources of funding to meet our planned expenditures, our business could
be materially adversely affected. 

19 
 Employee
 Union Activity 

None
of our employees are currently represented by a labor union, In the future that may change. It could result in higher employee costs
and increased potential of work stoppages. As the business grows, there can be no assurances that our employees will not join or form
a labor union or that we will not be required to become a union signatory. Mass Megawatts is neutral as to the formation of unions. We
are also directly or indirectly dependent upon companies with unionized work forces, such as suppliers and shipping companies. Those
companies may have work stoppages or strikes having a material adverse impact on our business. If a work stoppage occurs, it could delay
the manufacture and sale of our solar trackers. 

20. 
 Product
 Liability Risk 

Mass
Megawatts may become subject to product liability claims. It could harm our business. A successful product liability claim against us
could require us to pay a substantial monetary award and claim could generate substantial negative publicity about any significant lawsuit
seeking damages exceeding our coverage may have a material adverse effect on our reputation. We may not be able to secure additional
product liability insurance coverage on commercially acceptable terms or at reasonable costs when needed, particularly if we do face
liability for our products and are forced to make a claim under our policy. 

21. 
 Product
 Recall Risk 

Any
product recall in the future may result in adverse publicity, damage our brand. Such recalls, voluntary or involuntary, involve significant
expense and diversion of management attention and other resources, which would adversely affect our brand image in our target markets
and could adversely affect our business. 

22. 
 Insufficient
 Warranty Reserves 

If
our warranty reserves are inadequate to cover future warranty claims on our solar trackers, our business could be negatively impacted.
We record and adjust warranty reserves based on changes in estimated costs and actual warranty costs. However, the Company has extremely
limited operating experience with our solar trackers and little experience with warranty claims and estimating warranty reserves There
can be no assurances that our existing warranty reserves will be sufficient to cover all claims or that our limited experience with warranty
claims will adequately address the needs of our customers to their satisfaction. 

20 

23. 
 Supplier
 Ethics Risk 

Our
ethical standards are important to our company. Our suppliers are independent with their own business practices. A lack of demonstrated
compliance could lead us to seek alternative suppliers, which could increase our costs and result in delayed delivery of our products
or other disruptions. Legal violations by our suppliers or the divergence of an independent supplier s labor or other practices
from those generally accepted as ethical could also attract adverse publicity. If we, or other manufacturers in our industry, encounter
these problems in the future, it could harm the industry s image and our business. 

24 
 Cost
 of Being Public Risk 

As
a public company, we will incur significant expenses that we did not incur as a private company, including legal and accounting costs
associated with public company reporting and corporate governance. Mass Megawatts is planning to file a Form 10 which will result in
complying with rules implemented by the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, our management team will also have to adapt
to the additional requirements of being a SEC reporting company. We expect complying with these rules and regulations will substantially
increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time-consuming and costly. The increased costs associated
with operating as a public company will increase our expenses. Additionally, these requirements will require extra attention of our management.
The uncertainty especially among anyone not familiar with the obligations of public companies may cause more difficulty to attract and
retain qualified individuals to serve on our board of directors or as our executive officers. 

25. 
 No
 Dividend 

Mass
Megawatts has not achieved a profit in its history and there is no guarantee of the company distributing a dividend in the near future.
We did not declare any cash distributions or dividends in the past, and we currently do not anticipate paying any cash distributions
or dividends in the foreseeable future. Our priority is supporting our operations and to finance the development of our business. Any
future determination relating to dividend policy will depend on a number of facts including capital requirements and our financial condition. 

26. 
 Dilution 

The
proposed public offering price is higher than the average price per share paid by many investors in the Company. Accordingly, new investors
in the Company will experience substantial immediate dilution with respect to their investment. 

27. 
 Penny
 Stock Risk 

Shares
of Common Stock may be considered a penny stock. Investors may have difficulty with selling the stock due to the reduced pool of investors,
an illiquid market, and a low stock price. Our common stock is less than 5 per share and is defined as a penny stock being valued at
less than five dollars per share. Penny stocks are considered as risky and speculative. Additionally, Mass Megawatts does not meet financial
requirements that avoid being defined as a penny stock such as being registered on an Exchange with a minimum net tangible asset value
requirement or minimum required value of revenue over a three-year period. Under Section 15(h) of the Exchange Act, Broker Dealers are
required furnish a risk disclosure document with the risk of penny stocks and broker requirement of full disclosure related to rights
customers and remedies available with respect of violations by the broker dealers related to penny stock rules and related full disclosure
requirements including the potential illiquidity of the penny stock. Brokers are obligated to evaluate each individual investor experience
and objectives to determine if penny stock are suitable. The due diligence of the broker dealers may require a higher transaction cost
for trades in penny stocks. Violations of the due diligence obligations by broker dealers may result in compensation of financial losses
to investors, fines and other penalties. 

Note:
In addition to the above risks, businesses are often subject to risks not foreseen or fully appreciated by management. In reviewing this
Disclosure Document, potential investors should keep in mind other possible risks that could be important. 

21 

ITEM
1A. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Mass
Megawatts does not own any real property. The Company has its administrative offices in Shrewsbury, Massachusetts. The Company also has
a location in Worcester, Massachusetts for building prototypes and plan to build small units for customers over the short term at the
same location until a larger location is needed. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

The
Company currently has no legal proceedings to which the Company is a party to or to which its property is subject to and, to the best
of its knowledge, no adverse legal activity is anticipated or threatened. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
for Common Stock 

The
Common Stock of the Company is traded on the Over the Counter Market and quoted under the symbol MMMW . The following table
sets forth, for the fiscal years ended April 30,2023 and April 30,2022, the high and low per share bid prices of the Company s
Common Stock as reported by OTC Markets. These quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down, or commissions
and may not represent actual transactions. 

12 Month Period Ended Aril 30, 2023 
 High 
 Low 

Quarter ended July 31, 2022 
 0.047 
 0.018 
 
 Quarter ended October 31, 2022 
 0.036 
 0.011 
 
 Quarter ended January 31, 2023 
 0.025 
 0.010 
 
 Quarter ended April 30, 2023 
 0.018 
 0.010 

12 Month Period Ended April 30, 2022 
 High 
 Low 

Quarter ended July 31, 2021 
 0.100 
 0.045 
 
 Quarter ended October 31, 2021 
 0.075 
 0.041 
 
 Quarter ended January 31, 2022 
 0.078 
 0.025 
 
 Quarter ended April 30, 2022 
 0.044 
 0.026 

Holders 

As
of July 25, 2023, we had 152,289,579 shares of common stock outstanding, held by 553 stockholders of record. 

22 

Dividends 

Mass
Megawatts does not anticipate that it will pay cash dividends or distributions in the foreseeable future. In the past, Mass Megawatts
had never declared any cash dividends or made any distributions. The Company plans to retain its earnings in order to help finance the
growing operations. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities and Regulation A stock 

On
February 21, 2023, we issued 350,000 shares of common stock in exchange for cash proceeds of 2,100. 

On
March 16, 2023, we issued 600,000 shares of common stock in exchange for cash proceeds of 3,000. 

On
April 5, 2023, we issued 700,000 shares of common stock in exchange for cash proceeds of 4,200. 

On
April 7, 2023, we issued 700,000 shares of common stock in exchange for cash proceeds of 3,000. 

On
April 20, 2023, we issued 1,000,000 shares of common stock in exchange for cash proceeds of 5,000. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

TRANSFER
AGENT 

Mass
Megawatts Wind Power, Inc. s transfer agent is V Stock Transfer, Inc. with an address of 18 Lafayette Place, Woodmere, New York
11598. The telephone number is (212) 828-8436. 

DISCLOSURE
OF COMMISSION POSITION OF INDEMNIFICATION FOR THE SECURITIES ACT LIABILITIES 

Pursuant
to Massachusetts General Laws, the Company has the power to indemnify an officer or director who, in their capacity as such, is made
a party to any suit or legal action if such officer or director acted in a manner believed to be in the best interest of the Company.
In the case of criminal proceedings, the director or officer is indemnified if there is no reasonable cause to believe that officer s
or director s conduct was unlawful. Massachusetts law permits a corporation to purchase and maintain liability insurance on behalf
of its officers and directors. Presently, the Company does not carry such insurance. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities under
the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons, we have been advised that in the opinion
of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and
therefore unenforceable. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion of the Company s historical performance and financial condition should be read together with the consolidated
financial statements and related notes in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplemental Data of this Report. This discussion
contains forward-looking statements based on the views and beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions and estimates made by our
management, see Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information . These statements by their nature are subject
to risks and uncertainties, and are influenced by various factors. As a consequence, actual results may differ materially from those
in the forward-looking statements. See Item 1A. Risk Factors of this report for the discussion of risk factors. 

23 

Summary
of The Information Contained in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Our
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A) is provided in addition to the
accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes to assist readers in understanding our results of operations, financial condition,
and cash flows. MD A is organized as follows: 

Plan
 of Operations . A description of our plan of operations for the next 12 months including required funding. 

Results
 of Operations . An analysis of our financial results comparing the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022. 

Liquidity
 and Capital Resources . An analysis of changes in our consolidated balance sheets and cash flows and discussion of our financial
 condition. 

Critical
 Accounting Policies and Estimates . Accounting estimates that we believe are important to understanding the assumptions and judgments
 incorporated in our reported financial results and forecasts. 

Plan
of Operations 

We
had a working capital deficit of 269,880 as of April 30, 2023. With our current cash on hand and based on our current average monthly
expenses, we don t currently anticipate the need for additional funding in order to continue our operations at their current levels
and to pay the costs associated with being a public company for the next 12 months. We may, however, require additional funding in the
future to expand or complete acquisitions. Our plan for the next twelve months is to continue using the same marketing and management
strategies and continue providing a quality product with excellent customer service while also seeking to expand our operations organically
or through acquisitions as funding and opportunities arise, and, as discussed above, we have also purchased a homesite which we intend
to construct a custom home on which we then plan to sell. As our business continues to grow, customer feedback will be integral in making
small adjustments to improve the product and overall customer experience. We plan to raise additional required funding when required
through the sale of debt or equity, which may not be available on favorable terms, if at all, and may, if sold, cause significant dilution
to existing stockholders. If we are unable to access additional capital moving forward, it may hurt our ability to grow and to generate
future revenues. 

Results
of Operations 

For
the Year Ended April 30, 2023 Compared to the Year Ended April 30, 2022 

Operating
Expenses 

During
the year ended April 30, 2023, our total operating expenses included general and administrative expenses of 347,174 as compared to 284,354
during the year ended April 30, 2022. The increase was primarily associated with the increase in officer compensation which was offset
by a decrease in professional fees. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Our audited financial statements
have been prepared on a going concern basis, which assumes the Company will continue to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities
in the normal course of business. The continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon the ability of the Company to obtain
equity financings to continue operations. The Company has a history of negative working capital and expects to continue to report negative
cash flows from operations and a net loss. These factors raise substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as
a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset
amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. The Company
plans to generate revenue, improve cash flows from operations and seek additional funding through equity offerings. Management cannot
be certain that such events or a combination thereof can be achieved. 

As
of April 30, 2023, we had cash of 1,829 and we had a working capital deficit of 269,880. We have financed our cash requirements from
the sale of common stock. During the year ended April 30, 2023, we received 92,138 from the sale of common stock. 

We will need to raise additional
capital in order to meet our obligations and execute our business plan. If we are unable to raise sufficient funds, we will be required
to develop and implement an alternative plan to reduce overhead or scale back our business plan until sufficient additional capital is
raised to support further operations. There can be no assurance that such a plan will be successful. 

Summary of Cash Flows 

Cash used in operating activities 

Net cash
used in operating activities was 198,473 and 285,354 for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and mainly included
payments made for officer compensation, marketing and professional fees to our consultants, attorneys and accountants. 

Cash provided by financing activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities was 92,438 and 322,531 for
the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. During the year ended April 30, 2023, we received net proceeds of 92,138
from the issuance of common stock, advances from related party of 5,050, which were offset with repayments of advances to related party
of 4,750. During the year ended April 30, 2022, we received net proceeds of 324,500 from the issuance of common stock, which were offset
with repayments of advances to related party of 1,969. 

Contractual
Obligations 

As
of April 30, 2023, we did not have any material capital commitments. 

Significant
Accounting Policies 

For
a discussion of our significant accounting policies please see Note 2 to the audited financial statements included as part of this report.
Management determined there were no critical accounting policies. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amount of assets, liabilities and contingencies at the date of the financial statements as well as the reported amounts of expenses
during the reporting period. As a result, management is required to routinely make judgments and estimates about the effects of matters
that are inherently uncertain. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different conditions or assumptions. Management determined
there were no critical accounting estimates. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Standards 

For
more information on recently issued accounting standards, see Note 1. The Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included herein under Item 8. Financial Statement and Supplemental Data . 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Pursuant
to Item 305(e) of Regulation S-K 229.305(e)), the Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item as
it is a smaller reporting company, as defined by Rule 229.10(f)(1). 

24 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Mass
Megawatts Wind Power, Inc. 

 Financial
Statements 

 Table
of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 26 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 27 

Balance Sheets 
 28 

Statements of Operations 
 29 

Statements of Stockholders Deficit 
 30 

Statements of Cash Flows 
 31 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 32 

25 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the shareholders and the board of directors of Mass Megawatts Wind Power, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Mass Megawatts Wind Power, Inc. (the Company as of April 30,
2023, the related statement of operations, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of April 30, 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 

Substantial
Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
3 to the financial statements, the Company s significant operating losses raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue
as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or are required to
be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements
and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. 

We
determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s
BF Borgers CPA PC 

 PC (PCAOB ID 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2022 

July
25, 2023 

26 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 Mass
Megawatts Wind Power, Inc.: 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Mass Megawatts Wind Power, Inc. the Company as of April 30, 2022 and
the related statements of operations, members deficit, cash flows and the related notes to consolidated financial statements (collectively
referred to as the consolidated financial statements) for the year ended April 30, 2022. In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at April 30, 2022, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB and Generally Accepted Audit Standards (GAAS). Those standards require
that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement,
whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control
over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting,
but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

The
Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has an accumulated deficit, recurring losses, and expects continuing
future losses. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
evaluation of the events and conditions and management s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 3. The consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit
matters. 

The
firm has served this client since June 2022. 

/s/
L L CPAS, PA 

Certified
Public Accountants 

The
United States of America 

 July
28, 2022 

27 

Mass
Megawatts Wind Power, Inc. 

 Balance
Sheets 

April 30, 2023 
 April 30, 2022 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Deposits and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Advances - related party 
 
 - 
 
 Due to officer 
 
 - 
 
 Advances 

Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. 

28 

Mass Megawatts Wind Power, Inc. 

 Statements of Operations 

 For the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 

April 30, 2023 
 April 30, 2022 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Net loss 

Loss per share - basic 

Loss per share - diluted 

Weighted average shares outstanding - basic 

Weighted average shares outstanding - diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. 

29 

Mass
Megawatts Wind Power, Inc. 

 Statements
of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 

 For
the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 

Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Common Stock 
 Additional paid-in 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Balance, April 30, 2021 

Common shares for cash 

- 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, April 30, 2022 

Common shares for cash 

- 
 - 

Common shares for services 

- 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, April 30, 2023 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. 

30 

Mass
Megawatts Wind Power, Inc. 

 Statements
of Cash Flows 

 For
the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 

April 30, 2023 
 April 30, 2022 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation 
 
 - 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Advances - related party 
 
 - 
 
 Due to officer 
 
 - 

CASH FLOWS USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Advances from related party 
 
 - 
 
 Repayment of advances - related party 

Proceeds from sale of common shares 

CASH FLOWS PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

NET CHANGE IN CASH 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash paid on interest expenses 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cash paid for income taxes 
 - 
 - 

NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS 

Expense paid on the Company s behalf 
 
 - 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. 

31 

Mass
Megawatts Wind Power, Inc. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 

dilutive
shares outstanding during the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022. 

and and accrued and 0 for services,
respectively. During the year ended April 30, 2023, the President of the Company advanced , paid of expenses on the Company s
behalf and was repaid . The advances are unsecured, non-interest bearing and is payable on demand. As of April 30,2023 and 2022,
the advances, related party balance was and 0 , respectively. 

with par value.
On April 11, 2023, the Company filed articles of amendment to increase its authorized common shares to with par value.
On April 24, 2023, the Company filed articles of amendment to increase its authorized common shares to with par value. 

During
the year ended April 30, 2023, the Company sold shares of common stock and received proceeds of . 

During
the year ended April 30, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock for services with a value of . 

2022

The
Company has designated for issuance shares each of common stock with par value. On May 28, 2021, the Company filed articles
of amendment to increase its authorized common shares to with par value. 

During
the year ended April 30, 2022, the Company sold shares of common stock and received proceeds of . 

. The reconciliation of the provision for income
taxes at the United States federal statutory rate compared to the Company s income tax expense as reported is as follows: 

Change in valuation allowance 

Provision for income taxes 
 - 
 - 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred income tax assets 
 - 
 - 

The
Company has an operating loss carry forward of approximately . 

for services rendered during the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023. At the option of the noteholders, the note can be converted into
shares of the Company s common stock. The number of shares of the Company s common stock which will be issued upon any
conversion will be determined by dividing the amount to be converted by . 

34 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Conclusion
Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain a set of disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports
filed under the Securities Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the Commission s
rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that this information is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. We evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of the end of the period covered by this report. As a result of this evaluation, management
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of April 30, 2023. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f). Management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
as of April 30, 2023. In making this assessment, management used the criteria described in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013)
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Our management concluded that our
internal control over financial reporting were, and continue to be ineffective, as of April 30, 2023 due to a lack of segregation of
duties (resulting from the limited number of personnel available) and the lack of formal documentation of our control environment. Management
is commencing actions to address the lack of formal documentation of our control environment, although this will not address the lack
of segregation of duties. 

A
material weakness is a control deficiency (within the meaning of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB Auditing Standard 1305) or combination of control deficiencies that result in more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement
of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected. 

It
should be noted that any system of controls, however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable and not absolute assurance
that the objectives of the system are met. In addition, the design of any control system is based in part upon certain assumptions about
the likelihood of certain events. Because of these and other inherent limitations of control systems, there can be no assurance that
any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of how remote. 

In
light of the material weakness described above, we performed additional analysis and other post-closing procedures to ensure our financial
statements were prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, we believe that the financial statements
included in this report fairly present, in all material respects, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the
periods presented. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended April 30, 2023 that materially
affect, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

35 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

None. 

Item
2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. 

The
information and disclosures in Item 1.01 above are incorporated into this Item 2.03 in their entirety by reference. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Information
about our Executive Officer and Director 

The
following table sets forth the name, age and position of each director and executive officer of the Company. The sole officer and director
of the Company is as follows: 

Name: 
 
 Age: 
 
 Position: 

Jonathan
 Ricker 
 
 62 
 
 Chairman,
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Mark
 Vartanian 
 
 59 
 
 Chief
 Operating Officer 
 
 Michael
 A. Cook 
 
 62 
 
 Project
 Finance Manager 
 
 Thomas
 M. Dill 
 
 54 
 
 Consulting
 Director of Distribution 
 
 Gary
 Bedell 
 
 66 
 
 Director 
 
 Debra
 Kasputis 
 
 59 
 
 Director 

The
following sets forth biographical information about the Company s directors and executive officers, including periods of service
for the Company. The executive officers serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors and until their successors are duly elected
and qualified. The Company s Board of Directors are elected annually by the stock holders of the Company and serve until the next
annual meeting of the stockholders and until their successors are duly elected and qualified. 

Jonathan
Ricker , serves as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors. 

For
the past 20 years, Mr. Ricker has been the Company s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Prior to that time, he was involved
in Product development, Strategic Planning, and Market Evaluations in growing businesses. He founded and operated a business consulting
service for over 6 years. He also served as Senior Registered Options Principal in the Investment Banking industry for five years, which
provided insight into the significant long-term opportunities provided by wind energy. Mr. Ricker has been active in the wind energy
research community since 1991. His involvement includes lobbying for the federal renewable energy tax credit in Washington, DC that was
passed in 1998. He holds a BS in Business and AD in Accounting from Bentley College. 

Mark
Vartanian, serves as Chief Operating Officer 

Mark
Vartanian has recently been appointed Chief Operating Officer after the previous COO, Gary Bedell, died. Mr. Vartanian also replaced
Mr. Bedell as a Director. He operated an independent consulting company related to management and production planning since 2005. He
has over 20 years of experience in management including product distribution and competitive analysis for developing optimal strategic
planning of production infrastructure logistics and marketing options. Mr. Vartanian has been involved with the planning, development,
and contracting with several projects which adds to his qualifications. 

36 

Michael
A. Cook , serves as a consultant and Project Finance advisor for the Company on a part time basis. 

Mr.
Cook has been a consultant for Mass Megawatts Wind Power, Inc. on an as needed basis since year 1999. He has been retired since 2015
and has his own consulting business (Nacelle Protection Technologies) related to product safety technology since 2013. He has over 25
years of experience in financial risk mitigation and management including a 15 year involvement with wind energy. He understands the
challenges of renewable Technologies being experimental and lacking sufficient historical long life data of traditional energy projects.
His first wind energy financial risk package was underwritten by Continental Insurance Company in 1984. Mike has been developing structured
financial risk mitigation programs that give added assurance of debt repayment to project lenders involved in new energy technology.
Mr. Cook gained his experience in new project finance risk mitigation during his 10 year post as the Pacific Regional Manager of Special
Risk Property and Machinery Department of the Continental Insurance Company. Mike managed a staff, which included professional division
managers and 5 satellite offices. He also served 3 years as an Executive Underwriter at the Special Risk Facilities/Energy Technical
Department of the CIGNA Corporation. Mike was involved in the development of financial risk mitigation methods for new projects for several
energy companies including Ormat, Mission Energy, TOSCO, PG E, SMUD, Colorado Public Service, LUZ Solar, and many wind projects.
Mike s tools for mitigating risk include Special Financial risk programs which may include financial guarantees, political risk
coverage, physical risk protection and even weather risk insurance coverage including the lack of good wind. With proper documentation
generated by project due diligence and local public data, financial guarantees of the course of nature are available. 

Thomas
M. Dill serves as Consulting Director of Distribution for the company. 

Mr.
Dill has a consultant for Mass Megawatts Wind Power, Inc. since year 2000. He has also been President of Tom Dill consulting since 2016.
He has over 25 years of Manufacturing, Industrial Engineering, and Facilities Management experience. Most recently, he was the Director
of Real Estate and Facilities for MKE-Quantum Corporation responsible for three facilities with operations in the US and Indonesia. Prior
to MKEQC, Mr. Dill spent nine years as Director of Real Estate and Corporate Planning for two high-tech companies. He worked as an industrial
engineering manager in the semiconductor industry. His project management responsibilities included construction of a 20 million class
1, clean room facility for semiconductor manufacturing, a 35 million office building expansion, and a 6 million loading dock and chemical
storage facility. Mr. Dill is a licensed Massachusetts Construction Supervisor. He holds a BS in Business Administration from Boston
University. 

 DIRECTORS 

There
are presently three Directors of the Company, two are inside directors, and one is considered an independent director. Jonathan Ricker
and Gary Bedell are inside directors. Debra Kasputis is an independent director. Gary Bedell is the Company s Chief Operating Officer
and resides in Worcester, Ma (See Executive Officers) Debra Kasputis is a business consultant and resides in Southbridge, MA 

Ms.
Kasputis has been a Director of Mass Megawatts Wind Power, Inc. since 2008. She is currently a management consultant for food services
businesses with her own self-employed business (D K and Company) since 2020. Between 2011 and early 2020, she was employed at Southbridge
Food Distribution Services as an administrator. She has over twenty years of experience of administrative oversight for the operational
side of small businesses. Her experience toward overseeing field operations is important to avoid cost overruns which are more challenging
than production procedures inside a manufacturing facility. The ability to have a more defined cost at the location of the units being
constructed is a challenge and cannot be entirely avoided. The control of a cost per unit in a defined factory procedure can be achieved
easier. It is important to avoid increased uncertainty of construction cost overruns at the construction sites by having more of the
production procedure in a defined production facility before any nearly completed product is brought to the construction site. 

Jonathan
Ricker Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Mass Megawatts resides in Shrewsbury, MA (See Executive Officers.) 

37 

Risk
Oversight 

Effective
risk oversight is an important priority of the Board of Directors. Because risks are considered in virtually every business decision,
the Board of Directors) discusses risk throughout the year generally or in connection with specific proposed actions. The Board of Directors 
approach to risk oversight includes understanding the critical risks in the Company s business and strategy, evaluating the Company s
risk management processes, allocating responsibilities for risk oversight, and fostering an appropriate culture of integrity and compliance
with legal responsibilities. The directors exercise direct oversight of strategic risks to the Company. 

Arrangements
between Officers and Directors 

To
our knowledge, there is no arrangement or understanding between our sole officer and any other person, including our sole director, pursuant
to which the officer was selected to serve as an officer. 

Other
Directorships 

No
director of the Company is also a director of other issuers with a class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act
(or which otherwise are required to file periodic reports under the Exchange Act). 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

Our
sole officer and director was not involved in any of the following during the past ten years: (1) any bankruptcy petition filed by or
against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two
years prior to that time; (2) any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being a named subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding
traffic violations and other minor offenses); (3) being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended
or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his
involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; (4) being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil
action), the SEC or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, (5)
being the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently
reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of (i) any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation;
(ii) any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent
injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or
prohibition order; or (iii) any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or
(6) being the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory
organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity
Exchange Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons
associated with a member. 

Committees
of the Board 

Our
Company currently does not have nominating, compensation or audit committees or committees performing similar functions, nor does our
Company have a written nominating, compensation or audit committee charter. Our directors believe that it is not necessary to have such
committees, at this time, because the functions of such committees can be adequately performed by our Board of Directors. 

Our
Company does not have any defined policy or procedural requirements for stockholders to submit recommendations or nominations for directors.
Our sole director believes that, given the stage of our development, a specific nominating policy would be premature and of little assistance
until our business operations develop to a more advanced level. Our Company does not currently have any specific or minimum criteria
for the election of nominees to the Board of Directors and we do not have any specific process or procedure for evaluating such nominees.
The Board of Directors will assess all candidates, whether submitted by management or stockholders, and make recommendations for election
or appointment. 

38 

Stockholder
Communications with the Board 

A
stockholder who wishes to communicate with our Board of Directors may do so by directing a written request addressed to our Secretary,100
Boston Turnpike, Suite J9B#290, Shrewsbury, MA 01545, who, upon receipt of any communication other than one that is clearly marked Confidential, 
will note the date the communication was received, open the communication, make a copy of it for our files and promptly forward the communication
to the director(s) to whom it is addressed. Upon receipt of any communication that is clearly marked Confidential, 
our Secretary will not open the communication, but will note the date the communication was received and promptly forward the communication
to the director(s) to whom it is addressed. 

Corporate
Governance 

The
Company promotes accountability for adherence to honest and ethical conduct and strives to be compliant with applicable governmental
laws, rules and regulations. 

In
lieu of an Audit Committee, the Company s Board of Directors is responsible for reviewing and making recommendations concerning
the selection of outside auditors, reviewing the scope, results and effectiveness of the annual audit of the Company s financial
statements and other services provided by the Company s independent public accountants. The Board of Directors reviews the Company s
internal accounting controls, practices and policies. 

Director
Independence 

Our
common stock is currently quoted on the OTC Pink maintained by OTC Markets. The OTC Market does not require us to have independent members
of our Board of Directors. 

As
described above, we do not currently have a separately designated audit, nominating or compensation committee. 

Code
of Ethics and Code of Conduct 

We
have adopted a Code of Ethics and a Code of Conduct. The Code of Ethics and a Code of Conduct applies to all officers, directors and
employees and includes compliance and reporting requirements, and procedures for conflicts of interest. 

We
intend to disclose any amendments or future amendments to our Code of Ethics and a Code of Conduct and any waivers with respect to our
Code of Ethics and a Code of Conduct granted to our principal executive officer, our principal financial officer, or any of our other
employees performing similar functions on our corporate website within four business days after the amendment or waiver. In such case,
the disclosure regarding the amendment or waiver will remain available on our website for at least 12 months after the initial disclosure.
There have been no waivers granted with respect to our Code of Ethics and a Code of Conduct to any such officers or employees to date. 

Board
of Directors Meetings 

During
the year ending April 30, 2023, the Board held no formal meetings, but did take several actions via consents to action without meetings. 

Policy
on Equity Ownership 

The
Company does not have a policy on equity ownership at this time. 

Policy
Against Hedging 

The
Company recognizes that hedging against losses in Company shares may disturb the alignment between stockholders and executives that equity
awards are intended to build; however, while short sales are discouraged by the Company, the Company does not currently
have a policy prohibiting such transactions. 

39 

Compensation
Recovery and Clawback Policies 

Other
than legal requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), we currently do not have any
policies in place in the event of misconduct that results in a financial restatement that would have reduced a previously paid incentive
amount, we can recoup those improper payments from our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Under the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, our CEO and CFO may be subject to clawbacks in the event of a restatement. Thus, the Board has not deemed any additional recoupment
policies to be necessary. We will continue to monitor regulations and trends in this area. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

COMPENSATION
OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 

The
Company does not have a profit sharing or incentive plan. During the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company paid the Chief
Executive Officer 41,250 and 60,000, respectively. None of the executive officers or directors received compensation during the years
ended April 30, 2023 and 2022. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

SECURITY
OWNERSHIP OF BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 

The
following table sets forth information, as of April 30,2023, relating to the beneficial ownership of the common stock by all persons
known by the Company to beneficially own more than 5 of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company. No director, director
nominee or executive officer other than Mr. Ricker owns any shares of the common capital stock. There were 152,289,579 shares issued
and outstanding as of April 30, 2023. 

Title of Class 
 Name and Address 
 Amount and Nature 
 
 Percent of Class 
 Of Beneficial Owner 
 of Ownership 

Common Stock 
 Jonathan Ricker 
 51,902,635 
 
 34.1 
 100 Boston Turnpike 

Shrewsbury, MA 01545 

Common Stock 
 All officers and directors as 
 51,902,635 

Change
of Control 

The
Company is not aware of any arrangements which may at a subsequent date result in a change of control of the Company. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

Mass
Megawatts does not have Preferred Stock, Convertible Securities, rights to exchange into shares of Common Stock, Options, Warrants, Debt
Securities, or Equity Compensation Plans at the current time. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Except
for the Chief Executive Officer and its largest shareholder, there have been no transactions between the Company and any shareholder
owning greater than 5 of the Company s outstanding shares, executive officer, director, nominee for officer or director, or any
of the above referenced individual s immediate family. There are presently three Directors of the Company, two are inside directors,
and one is an outside director. 

40 

The
largest shareholder and CEO had made several advances to the Company over the years to assist with its financial obligations. 

During
the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company paid the President 41,250 and 60,000, respectively, for services. During the year
ended April 30, 2023, the President of the Company advanced 5,050, paid 1,994 of expenses on the Company s behalf and was repaid
 4,750. As of April 30,2023 and 2022, the advances, related party balance was 2,294 and 0, respectively. 

The
Company does not have a standing nominating, compensation, or audit committee. Our Board of Directors performs the functions of these
committees. We do not believe that our Board of Directors needs to appoint such committees because the low volume of matters that come
before our Board of Directors permits the directors to give sufficient time and attention to such matters. Additionally, we are not required
to have such committees since our Company and the Company s stock is not listed on a national securities exchange. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Our
independent public accounting firm is B F Borgers CPA PC PCAOB Auditor ID #5041, LP. 

Our
sole director approves in advance the scope and cost of the engagement of an auditor before the auditor renders audit and non-audit services. 

Audit
Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed by our independent auditors, B F Borgers CPA PC, LP and L L CPAs, for professional services rendered for
the audit of our annual financial statements, and for the review of quarterly financial statements for the fiscal years ended April 30,
2023 and 2022, were: 

2023 
 2022 
 
 L L CPAs, LP 
 - 
 10,000 
 
 B F Borgers CPA PC 
 8,000 
 - 

Audit
fees incurred by the Company were pre-approved by the Board of Directors. 

Audit
Related Fees: None. 

Tax
Fees: None. 

All
Other Fees : None. 

We
do not use the auditors for financial information system design and implementation. Such services, which include designing or implementing
a system that aggregates source data underlying the financial statements or that generates information that is significant to our financial
statements, are provided internally or by other service providers. We do not engage the auditors to provide compliance outsourcing services. 

The
Board of Directors has considered the nature and amount of fees billed by B F Borgers CPA PC and believes that the provision of services
for activities unrelated to the audit is compatible with maintaining B F Borgers CPA PC s independence. 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

SEC
 
 Reference
 
 Number 
 
 Title
 of Document 

31.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, executed by the Principal Executive Officer of the Company 
 
 Filed
 Herewith 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, executed by the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of the Company 
 
 Filed
 Herewith 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definitions Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

ITEM
16. 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

41 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

MASS
 MEGWATTS WIND POWER, INC. 

Date:
 July 25, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 Jonathan C. Ricker 

Jonathan
 C. Ricker 

Chief
 Executive Officer and President 

(Principal
 Executive Officer and Principal 

Financial/Accounting
 Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant
in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

By:
 
 /s/
 Jonathan C. Ricker 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and President 
 
 July
 25, 2023 

Jonathan
 C. Ricker 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer and Principal Financial/ Accounting Officer) and Sole Director 

42 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION

I,
Jonathan C. Ricker, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Mass Megawatts Wind Power, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 I
 am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15 (f)) for the registrant
 and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 I
 have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 July 25, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Jonathan C. Ricker 

Jonathan
 C. Ricker 

Chief
 Executive Officer and President 

(Principal
 Executive Officer and Principal Financial/Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SS. 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Mass Megawatts Wind Power, Inc. Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the
year ended April 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Jonathan C.
Ricker, Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. 

Date:
 July 25, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Jonathan C. Ricker 

Jonathan
 C. Ricker 

Chief
 Executive Officer and President 

(Principal
 Executive Officer and Principal Financial/Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 mmmw-20230430.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 mmmw-20230430_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 mmmw-20230430_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 mmmw-20230430_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

