<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230907_10-K_edgar_data_1828376_0001828376-23-000032.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>22530170</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>331486</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2225703</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9411949</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2907046</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>6855863</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001828376-23-000032.hdr.sgml : 20230907
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230907143115
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001828376-23-000032
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		124
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230907
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230907

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			William Penn Bancorporation
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001828376
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTIONS, NOT FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6036]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40255
		FILM NUMBER:		231241934

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10 CANAL STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 104
		CITY:			BRISTOL
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19007
		BUSINESS PHONE:		267-540-8500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10 CANAL STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 104
		CITY:			BRISTOL
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19007

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001828376-23-000032.txt : 20230907

10-K
 1
 wmpn-20230630x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 

 FORM 

 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission File No. 

 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(Statement or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The LLC Indicate by check if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262((b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting equity held by non-affiliates as of December 31, 2022 was approximately million. The number of shares outstanding of the issuer s common stock, as of September 7, 2023: shares. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of the Registrant s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 
 WILLIAM PENN BANCORPORATION TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page Part I Item 1. Business 3 Item 1A. Risk Factors 20 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 28 Item 2. Properties 28 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 28 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 28 Part II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 29 Item 6. [Reserved] 30 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 30 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 53 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 53 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 53 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 53 Item 9B. Other Information 54 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 54 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 54 Item 11. Executive Compensation 54 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 54 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 55 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 55 Part IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 55 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 56 Signatures F-38 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS OUR BUSINESS William Penn Bancorporation the Company is a Maryland corporation that was incorporated in July 2020 to be the successor to William Penn Bancorp, Inc. William Penn Bancorp upon completion of the second-step conversion of William Penn Bank (the Bank from the mutual holding company structure to the stock holding company structure. William Penn, MHC was the former mutual holding company for William Penn Bancorp prior to completion of the second-step conversion. In conjunction with the second-step conversion, each of William Penn, MHC and William Penn Bancorp ceased to exist. The second-step conversion was completed on March 24, 2021, at which time the Company sold, for gross proceeds of 126.4 million, a total of 12,640,035 shares of common stock at 10.00 per share. As part of the second-step conversion, each of the existing 776,647 outstanding shares of William Penn Bancorp common stock owned by persons other than William Penn, MHC was converted into 3.2585 shares of Company common stock. In addition, 5.4 million of cash held by William Penn, MHC was transferred to the Company and recorded as an increase to additional paid-in capital following the completion of the second-step conversion. The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company, and its wholly owned subsidiary, the Bank, as well as the Bank s wholly owned subsidiary, WPSLA Investment Corporation WPSLA ). WPSLA is a Delaware corporation organized in April 2000 to hold certain investment securities for the Bank. The Company owns 100 of the outstanding common stock of the Bank, a Pennsylvania chartered stock savings bank. The Bank offers consumer and commercial banking services to individuals, businesses, and nonprofit organizations throughout the Delaware Valley area through twelve full-service branch offices in Bucks County and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and Burlington, Camden, and Mercer Counties in New Jersey. The Company is subject to regulation and supervision by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. The Bank is supervised and regulated by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC and the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and Securities. The Bank s principal business consists of originating one- to four-family residential real estate mortgage loans, home equity lines of credit, construction residential and one- to four-family investor commercial real estate, non-residential real estate, multi-family and construction and land loans. We offer a variety of retail deposits to the general public in the areas surrounding our main office and our branch offices. We offer our customers a variety of deposit products with interest rates that are competitive with those of similar products offered by other financial institutions operating in our market area. We also utilize borrowings as a source of funds. Our revenues are derived primarily from interest on loans and, to a lesser extent, interest on investment securities. We also generate revenues from other income including deposit fees and service charges, realized gains on sales of securities, gains on the sale on the disposition of premises and equipment, realized gains on sales of other real estate owned, earnings on bank-owned life insurance, unrealized gains on equity securities, and other income. Acquisition History On July 1, 2018, we acquired Audubon Savings Bank Audubon ), a New Jersey-chartered mutual savings association headquartered in Audubon, New Jersey and with two additional branch offices located in Mount Laurel and Pine Hill, New Jersey. The acquisition of Audubon enhanced our market share in Burlington and Camden Counties in New Jersey, and provided the Bank with a physical presence in Southern New Jersey. On May 1, 2020, we acquired both (i) Fidelity Savings and Loan Association of Bucks County Fidelity ), a Pennsylvania-chartered mutual savings bank headquartered in Bristol, Pennsylvania and with a branch office located in Bristol Pennsylvania, and (ii) Washington Savings Bank Washington ), a Pennsylvania-chartered mutual savings bank headquartered in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and with three additional branch offices located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The acquisitions of Fidelity Savings and Loan Association of Bucks County and Washington Savings Bank further increased our market presence in our existing market area. Market Area We are headquartered in Bristol, Pennsylvania and currently operate twelve full-service branch offices in Bucks and Philadelphia Counties in Pennsylvania and in Burlington, Camden, and Mercer Counties in New Jersey. We periodically evaluate our network of banking offices to optimize the penetration in our market area. Our business strategy currently includes opening new branches in and around our market area, which may include neighboring counties. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 We consider our primary market area to be the Philadelphia suburbs of central and lower Bucks County and Northeast Philadelphia in Pennsylvania and the New Jersey counties of Burlington, Camden, Gloucester, and Mercer. This area has historically benefitted from having a large number of corporate headquarters located within it. The area benefits from having a well-educated employment base and the diversity provided by a large number of industrial, service, retail and high technology businesses. Other employment is provided by a variety of wholesale trade, manufacturing, federal, state and local governments, hospitals and utilities. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, as of July 1, 2022 (estimated population) and July 1, 2021 (median household income), respectively, (i) Bucks County had an estimated population of 645,054, representing a 0.2 decrease from April 1, 2020, and a median household income of 99,302 and (ii) Philadelphia County had an estimated population of 1.6 million, representing a 2.3 decrease from April 1, 2020, and a median household income of 52,649. In addition, (i) Burlington County had an estimated population of 466,103, representing a 0.9 increase from April 1, 2020, and a median household income of 95,935, (ii) Camden County had an estimated population of 524,907, representing a 0.3 increase from April 1, 2020, and a median household income of 75,485, (iii) Gloucester County had an estimated population of 306,601, representing a 1.4 increase from April 1, 2020, and a median household income of 93,208 and (iv) Mercer County had an estimated population of 380,688, representing a 1.7 decrease from April 1, 2020, and a median household income of 85,687. As of July 1, 2021, the median household income in the United States was 69,021. As of June 2023, the unemployment rate in Bucks and Philadelphia Counties totaled 3.2 and 4.6 , respectively, and the unemployment rate in Burlington, Camden, Gloucester, and Mercer Counties totaled 4.0 , 4.9 , 4.4 and 4.1 , respectively, as compared to a national unemployment rate of 3.8 for June 2023. Competition We face significant competition for the attraction of deposits and origination of loans. Our most direct competition for deposits and loans has historically come from the numerous national, regional and local community financial institutions operating in our market area, including a number of independent banks and credit unions, in addition to other financial service companies, such as brokerage firms, mortgage companies and mortgage brokers. In addition, we face competition for investors funds from money market funds and other corporate and government securities. Competition for loans also comes from the increasing number of non-depository financial service companies entering the mortgage and consumer credit market, such as financial technology companies, securities companies and specialty finance companies. We believe that our long-standing presence in Bucks County, Southern and Central New Jersey, and Northeast Philadelphia, and our personal service philosophy enhance our ability to compete favorably in attracting and retaining individual and business customers. We actively solicit deposit-related customers and compete for deposits by offering customers personal attention, professional service and competitive interest rates. Lending Activities Our loan portfolio consists primarily of one- to four-family residential mortgage loans, one- to four-family investor commercial real estate loans, and commercial non-residential real estate loans. Our loan portfolio also includes multi-family residential loans, home equity loans and lines of credit, residential construction, commercial business, commercial construction and land and consumer loans. Substantially all of our loans are secured by properties located within our local markets. One- to Four-Family Residential Loans . One of our primary lending activities is the origination of mortgage loans to enable borrowers to purchase or refinance existing homes in our market area. Such loans totaled 135.0 million, or 28.1 of our total loan portfolio, at June 30, 2023. We offer fixed-rate and adjustable-rate mortgage loans with terms up to 30 years. Borrower demand for adjustable-rate loans rather than fixed-rate loans is a function of the level of interest rates, the expectations of changes in the level of interest rates, the difference between the interest rates and loan fees offered for fixed-rate mortgage loans and the initial period interest rates and loan fees for adjustable-rate loans. The relative amount of fixed-rate mortgage loans (as opposed to adjustable interest rates) and adjustable-rate mortgage loans that can be originated or purchased at any time is largely determined by the demand for each in a competitive environment and the effect each has on our interest rate risk. The loan fees charged, interest rates, and other provisions of mortgage loans are determined by us on the basis of our own pricing criteria and competitive market conditions. We offer fixed-rate loans with terms of either 10, 15, 20 or up to 30 years. Our adjustable-rate mortgage loans are also based on a 10, 15, 20 or up to 30 year amortization schedule. Interest rates and payments on our adjustable-rate mortgage loans adjust every three, five, seven or ten years. Interest rates and payments on our adjustable-rate loans generally are adjusted to a rate that is based on the respective three, five, seven or ten year monthly Constant Maturity U.S. Treasury indices. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 Throughout the low interest rate environment that extended through 2021, borrowers generally preferred fixed-rate loans. However, due to the recent rise in interest rate levels in 2022 and 2023, borrowers generally currently prefer our adjustable-rate loan products. We anticipate that an increase in adjustable-rate loans would allow us to better offset the adverse effects on our net interest income of an increase in interest rates as compared to fixed-rate mortgages. The increased mortgage payments required under adjustable-rate loans in a rising interest rate environment, however, could cause an increase in delinquencies and defaults. The marketability of the underlying property also may be adversely affected in a high interest rate environment. In addition, although adjustable-rate mortgage loans help make our asset base more responsive to changes in interest rates, the extent of this interest rate sensitivity is limited by the annual and lifetime interest rate adjustment limits. While one- to four-family residential real estate loans are normally originated with up to 30-year terms, such loans typically remain outstanding for substantially shorter periods because borrowers often prepay their loans in full upon sale of the property pledged as security or upon refinancing the original loan. Therefore, average loan maturity is a function of, among other factors, the level of purchase and sale activity in the real estate market, prevailing interest rates and the interest rates payable on outstanding loans. We do not make conventional loans with loan-to-value ratios exceeding 95 and generally limit loan-to-value ratios on our conventional loans to 80 . Loans with loan-to-value ratios in excess of 80 generally require private mortgage insurance, a government guarantee or additional collateral. We require all properties securing mortgage loans to be appraised by licensed independent appraisers from appraisal management companies approved by our board of directors. We require title insurance on all first mortgage loans. Borrowers must obtain hazard insurance and/or flood insurance for loans on property located in a flood zone, before closing the loan. Our largest one- to four-family residential loan at June 30, 2023 was for 2.1 million and is secured by a single-family residence located in New Hope, Pennsylvania. This loan is performing in accordance with its terms. One- to Four-Family Investor Commercial Real Estate Loans . One of our other primary lending activities is the origination of loans secured by non-owner occupied one- to four-family residential properties. These borrowers generally include individuals that purchase an investment property to generate rental income. Such loans totaled 98.2 million, or 20.4 of our total loan portfolio, at June 30, 2023. We offer fixed-rate and adjustable-rate non-owner occupied one- to four-family commercial real estate loans with terms up to 25 years. Borrower demand for adjustable-rate loans rather than fixed-rate loans is a function of the level of interest rates, the expectations of changes in the level of interest rates, the difference between the interest rates and loan fees offered for fixed-rate mortgage loans and the initial period interest rates and loan fees for adjustable-rate loans. The relative amount of fixed-rate mortgage loans (as opposed to adjustable interest rates) and adjustable-rate mortgage loans that can be originated or purchased at any time is largely determined by the demand for each in a competitive environment and the effect each has on our interest rate risk. The loan fees charged, interest rates, and other provisions of mortgage loans are determined by us on the basis of our own pricing criteria and competitive market conditions. We offer fixed-rate loans with terms of either 10, 15, 20 or up to 25 years. Our adjustable-rate mortgage loans are also based on a 10, 15, 20 or up to 25 year amortization schedule. Interest rates and payments on our adjustable-rate mortgage loans adjust every three, five, seven or ten years. Interest rates and payments on our adjustable-rate loans generally are adjusted to a rate that is based on the respective three, five, seven or ten year monthly Constant Maturity U.S. Treasury indexes. Throughout the low interest rate environment that extended through 2021, borrowers generally preferred fixed-rate loans. However, due to the recent rise in interest rate levels in 2022 and 2023, borrowers generally currently prefer our adjustable-rate loan products. We anticipate that adjustable-rate loans would allow us to better offset the adverse effects on our net interest income of an increase in interest rates as compared to fixed-rate mortgages. The increased mortgage payments required under adjustable-rate loans in a rising interest rate environment, however, could cause an increase in delinquencies and defaults. The marketability of the underlying property also may be adversely affected in a high interest rate environment. In addition, although adjustable-rate mortgage loans help make our asset base more responsive to changes in interest rates, the extent of this interest rate sensitivity is limited by the annual and lifetime interest rate adjustment limits. While non-owner occupied one- to four-family commercial real estate loans are normally originated with up to 25-year terms, such loans typically remain outstanding for substantially shorter periods because borrowers often prepay their loans in full upon sale of the property pledged as security or upon refinancing the original loan. Therefore, average loan maturity is a function of, among other factors, the level of purchase and sale activity in the real estate market, prevailing interest rates and the interest rates payable on outstanding loans. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 Loans secured by non-owner occupied properties generally expose a lender to greater risk of non-payment and loss than loans secured by owner occupied properties because repayment of such loans depend primarily on the tenant s continuing ability to pay rent to the property owner, who is our borrower, or, if the property owner is unable to find a tenant, the property owner s ability to repay the loan without the benefit of a rental income stream. In reaching a decision on whether to originate a non-owner occupied one- to four-family residential real estate loan, we consider the net operating income of the property, the borrower s credit history and profitability, and the value of the underlying property. Our largest one- to four-family investor commercial real estate loan at June 30, 2023 was for 5.5 million and is secured by fifty-five single-family and multi-family properties located in the South Jersey area. This loan is performing in accordance with its terms. Non-Residential Real Estate and Multi-Family Loans . Another one of our other primary lending activities is the origination of fixed rate and adjustable-rate mortgage loans secured by commercial real estate, multi-family residential real estate and land. Our non-residential and multi-family real estate loans are generally secured by office buildings, retail and mixed-use properties, condominiums, apartment buildings, single-family subdivisions and owner-occupied properties used for businesses. At June 30, 2023, our commercial and multi-family real estate loan portfolio totaled 172.8 million, or 36.0 of our total loan portfolio, and commercial real estate loans secured by office space totaled 9.9 million, or 2.0 of our total portfolio. We originate multi-family and non-residential real estate loans with terms generally up to 25 years. Interest rates and payments on adjustable-rate loans adjust every one, three, five and ten years. Interest rates and payments on our adjustable-rate loans generally are adjusted to a rate typically equal to the interest rate used for one-to four-family loan products, plus a spread based on creditworthiness and risk. Loan amounts generally do not exceed 80 of the appraised value for well-qualified borrowers. Loans secured by multi-family residential and non-residential real estate generally have larger balances and involve a greater degree of risk than one- to four-family residential mortgage loans. Of primary concern in multi-family residential and non-residential real estate lending is the borrower s creditworthiness and the feasibility and cash flow potential of the project. Payments on loans secured by income producing properties often depend on successful operation and management of the properties. As a result, repayment of such loans may be subject, to a greater extent than residential real estate loans, to adverse conditions in the real estate market or the economy. In reaching a decision on whether to make a multi-family residential or non-residential real estate loan, we consider the net operating income of the property, the borrower s expertise, credit history and profitability, and the value of the underlying property. Non-residential real estate loans include shared national credits, which are participations in loans or loan commitments of at least 20.0 million that are shared by three or more banks. Shared national credit loans are typically variable rate with terms ranging from one to seven years. At June 30, 2023, there was one shared national credit relationship with a total commitment of 12.5 million and no balance disbursed and outstanding. This loan is secured by various properties located within the United States that have triple-net leases with national tenants and the loans are performing in accordance with their terms. Excluding shared national credit loans, our largest non-residential real estate loan at June 30, 2023 was for 11.0 million. This loan is secured by three hotels located in Ocean County, New Jersey and is performing in accordance with its terms. Home Equity Loans and Lines of Credit . We offer home equity loans and lines of credit, which have adjustable rates of interest that are indexed to the prime rate as published in The Wall Street Journal for terms of up to 20 years. These loans are originated with maximum loan-to-value ratios of 80 of the appraised value of the property, and we require that we have a second lien position on the property. We also offer secured and unsecured lines of credit for well-qualified individuals and small businesses. Management includes these loans based on the collateral supporting the line of credit in either the non-residential, multi-family, commercial or one-to-four family categories for the purposes of monitoring and evaluating the portfolio. At June 30, 2023, such loans totaled 32.7 million, or 6.8 of our total loan portfolio. Residential and Commercial Construction Loans and Land Loans . We originate (i) residential construction loans to individuals that finance the construction of owner-occupied residential dwellings for personal use, which we classify within our residential real estate loan portfolio, (ii) commercial construction loans for the development of projects including non-owner occupied residential dwellings, condominiums, apartment buildings, single-family subdivisions, single-family investor loans, as well as owner-occupied properties used for business, which we classify within our commercial real estate loan portfolio and (iii) commercial land loans for the purchase and development of raw land. Our residential construction loans generally provide for the payment of interest only during the construction phase, which can be up to 18 months. We also require periodic inspections of the property during the term of the construction. At the end of the construction phase, substantially all of our loans automatically convert to permanent mortgage loans. Construction loans generally can be made with a 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 maximum loan to value ratio of 80 of the appraised value with maximum terms of 30 years. Our residential construction loans totaled 9.1 million, or 1.9 of our total loan portfolio, at June 30, 2023. At June 30, 2023, our largest outstanding residential construction loan was for 1.6 million and related to the construction of residential housing located in Newtown, Pennsylvania. This loan is performing in accordance with its terms. Our construction loans may include loans for the development of real estate for a variety of projects and properties. Generally, the owner s equity must be injected upfront prior to the Bank advancing funds. Interest rates for the construction projects will generally be variable with a lifetime floor, but may be fixed if approved by the appropriate lending authority. Generally, our commercial construction loans provide for payment of interest only during the construction phase and may, in the case of an apartment or commercial building, convert to a permanent mortgage loan upon the completion of construction. In the case of a single-family subdivision or construction or builder loan, as individual lots are sold, the principal balance is reduced by agreed upon release prices at the outset of the loan sufficient to liquidate the loan prior to the final sale. In the case of a commercial construction loan, the construction period may be from nine months to three years. Construction loans are generally made with a maximum of 75 loan-to-value, a maximum 75 loan-to-cost, and a requirement that guarantors own over 10 of the collateral underlying the loan. We also require periodic inspections of the property during the term of the construction loan. The Bank requires a minimum debt service coverage ratio of 1.25X on a stand-alone basis upon conversion to permanent financing. Raw land loans are done as an exception to policy to accommodate high quality borrowers who demonstrate strong liquidity positions, high income, and high net worth. The Bank only extends credit on raw land loans when the extension of credit can be repaid from the personal income of the borrower/guarantor. Raw land loans are generally made with a maximum of 60 loan-to-value and a maximum 60 loan-to-cost. Approved land loans are generally made with a maximum of 65 loan-to-value and a maximum 65 loan-to-cost. Generally, land loans have a maximum term of two years and require guarantors that own over 10 of the collateral underlying the loan. In addition, the land loans in our portfolio are adjustable-rate loans with adjustments occurring every three and five years, based on the original contract. Interest rate adjustments are based on the Constant Maturity U.S. Treasury indexes plus a spread. Our adjustable-rate land loans in generally have an interest rate floor. Our commercial construction and land loans totaled 15.6 million, or 3.2 of our total loan portfolio, at June 30, 2023 and were comprised of 13.5 million in commercial construction loans and 2.1 million in land loans at that date. At June 30, 2023, our largest outstanding commercial construction and land loan was a commercial land loan for 10.5 million, of which 9.9 million was disbursed and outstanding, for a commercial development project in Somerset County, New Jersey. This loan is performing in accordance with its terms. Commercial Business Loans . These loans consist of operating lines of credit secured by general business assets and equipment. The operating lines of credit are generally short term in nature with interest rates tied to short-term rates and adjustments occurring daily, monthly, or quarterly based on the original contract. For adjustable loans, there is also an interest rate floor. The equipment loans are typically made with maturities of less than five years and are priced with a fixed interest rate. Longer repayments of up to 15 years can be made depending on the useful life of the equipment being financed. Generally, rates are fixed for not longer than five years and will reset, generally based on the Constant Maturity U.S. Treasury indexes plus a spread, if the amortization or maturity of the loan is longer. At June 30, 2023, such loans totaled 15.4 million, or 3.2 of our total loan portfolio. At June 30, 2023, our largest outstanding commercial business loan was for 5.0 million, all of which was disbursed and outstanding, for the commercial headquarters of an office furniture manufacturer located in Pennsauken Township, New Jersey. This loan is performing in accordance with its terms. Consumer Loans. In the past, we have offered a variety of consumer loans, which include student, automobile and personal secured and unsecured loans to our customer base. However, we no longer offer student or automobile loans to customers. At June 30, 2023, consumer loans totaled 2.0 million, or 0.4 of our total loan portfolio. Consumer loans may entail greater risk than do residential mortgage loans, particularly in the case of consumer loans that are unsecured or secured by assets that depreciate rapidly. In such cases, repossessed collateral for a defaulted consumer loan may not provide an adequate source of repayment for the outstanding loan and the remaining deficiency often does not warrant further substantial collection efforts against the borrower. In addition, consumer loan collections depend on the borrower s continuing financial stability, and therefore are more likely to be adversely affected by job loss, divorce, illness, or personal bankruptcy. Furthermore, the application of various federal and state laws, including federal and state bankruptcy and insolvency laws may limit the amount which can be recovered on such loans. Loan Origination, Purchases and Sales. Loan originations come from a number of sources. The primary source of loan originations are our in-house loan originators, and to a lesser extent, advertising and referrals from customers and local realtors. Historically, we have primarily originated our own loans and retained them in our portfolio. However, we also occasionally purchase loans or 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 participation interests in loans. As of June 30, 2023, we had an aggregate of 15.3 million in purchased loan participations outstanding. A portion of our participation loans are shared national credits, which are participations in loans or loan commitments of at least 20.0 million that are shared by three or more banks. At June 30, 2023, we had one shared national credit participation relationship with a total commitment of 12.5 million and no balance disbursed and outstanding. The loans in this shared national credit relationship are performing in accordance with their terms. Loan participations are subject to the same credit analysis and approvals as loans we originate. We are permitted to review all of the documentation relating to any loan in which we participate. However, for participation loans, we do not service the loan and, thus, are subject to the policies and procedures of the lead lender with regard to monitoring delinquencies, pursuing collections and instituting foreclosure proceedings. We also occasionally sell some of the longer-term fixed-rate one-to-four family mortgage loans that we originate in the secondary market based on prevailing market interest rate conditions, an analysis of the composition and risk of the loan portfolio, liquidity needs and interest rate risk management goals. Generally, loans are sold with recourse and with servicing retained. We did not sell any loans during the year ended June 30, 2023 and we sold two loans for 274 thousand during the year ended June 30, 2022. We occasionally sell participation interests in loans and may sell loan participations in the future. Loan Approval Procedures and Authority. Our lending activities follow written, non-discriminatory underwriting standards and loan origination procedures established by our board of directors and management. With respect to residential and consumer loans, loans with a total loan commitment of less than 250,000 may be approved by the loan s residential underwriter, as well as one of the following individuals: the Assistant Vice President of Residential Lending and the Vice President of Residential Lending. Loans with a total loan commitment of between 250,000 to 1,000,000 must be approved by (i) the Assistant Vice President of Residential Lending or the Vice President of Residential Lending, and (ii) either our Director of Loan Servicing, Chief Retail Officer, Chief Lending Officer or Chief Executive Officer. Loans with a total loan commitment of between 1,000,000 and 2,000,000 must be approved by a majority vote from our Officers Loan Committee, which consists of our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Lending Officer, and Director of Loan Servicing. Loans with a total loan commitment in excess of 2,000,000, and up to our legal lending limit, must be approved by majority vote from our Directors Loan Committee, which consists of our entire board of directors. With respect to commercial loans, loans with a total loan commitment of up to 1,000,000 (and unsecured lines or letters of credit with total loan commitments of up to 500,000) may be approved by the originating loan officer as well as either our Chief Lending Officer or Chief Executive Officer. Loans with a total loan commitment of between 1,000,000 and 5,000,000 (and unsecured lines or letters of credit with total loan commitments of between 500,000 and 4,000,000) must generally be approved by majority vote from our Officers Loan Committee, and loans with a total loan commitment in excess of 5,000,000 (or 4,000,000 for unsecured lines or letters of credit) must be approved by a majority vote from our Directors Loan Committee. Loans to One Borrower . The maximum amount that we may lend to one borrower and the borrower s related entities is limited by statute to generally 15 of our stated capital and reserves. At June 30, 2023, our regulatory lending maximum was 22.1 million. The Bank s internal lending limits are lower than the levels permitted by regulation and at June 30, 2023, the total exposure with our largest lending relationship was 13.0 million, which is the total amount outstanding and committed for two commercial real estate loans. Loan Commitments . We issue commitments for fixed-rate and adjustable-rate mortgage loans conditioned upon the occurrence of certain events. Commitments to originate mortgage loans are legally binding agreements to lend to our customers and generally expire in 30 days. Delinquencies . When a borrower fails to make a required loan payment, we take a number of steps to have the borrower cure the delinquency and restore the loan to current status. We generally make initial contact with the borrower when the loan becomes ten to fifteen days past due. If payment is not received by the 45th day of delinquency, additional letters are sent and phone calls generally are made to the customer. When the loan becomes 120 days past due, we generally commence foreclosure proceedings against any real property that secures the loan or attempt to repossess any personal property that secures a consumer loan. If a foreclosure action is instituted and the loan is not brought current, paid in full, or refinanced before the foreclosure sale, the real property securing the loan generally is sold at foreclosure. We may consider loan workout arrangements with certain borrowers under certain circumstances. Management informs the board of directors on a monthly basis of the amount of loans delinquent more than 30 days, all loans in foreclosure and all foreclosed and repossessed property that we own. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 Investment Activities We have legal authority to invest in various types of liquid assets, including, but not limited to, mortgage-backed securities, securities of various federal agencies and of state and municipal governments, subordinated debt and certificates of deposit of federally insured institutions. At June 30, 2023, our investment portfolio consisted primarily of mortgage-backed securities issued by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or Gennie Mae with stated final maturities of 30 years or less, municipal securities with maturities of 20 years or less, corporate bonds, and preferred stock. Our investment objectives are to provide and maintain liquidity, to maintain a balance of high quality, diversified investments to minimize risk, to provide collateral for pledging requirements, to establish an acceptable level of interest rate risk, to provide an alternate source of low-risk investments when demand for loans is weak and to generate a favorable return. Our board of directors has the overall responsibility for our investment portfolio, including approval of our investment policy. Our Chief Operating Officer is the designated investment officer and is responsible for the daily investment activities and is authorized to make investment decisions consistent with our investment policy. Deposit Activities and Other Sources of Funds General . Deposits and loan repayments are the major sources of our funds for lending and other investment activities. Loan repayments are a relatively stable source of funds, while deposit inflows and outflows and loan prepayments are significantly influenced by general interest rates and market conditions. Deposit Accounts . The vast majority of our depositors are residents of Southeastern Pennsylvania and Southern and Central New Jersey. Deposits are raised primarily from within our primary market area through the offering of a broad selection of deposit instruments, including checking accounts, money market accounts, regular savings accounts, club savings accounts, certificate accounts and various retirement accounts. Deposit account terms vary according to the minimum balance required, the time periods the funds must remain on deposit, and the interest rate among other factors. In determining the terms of our deposit accounts, we consider the rates offered by our competition, profitability to us, matching deposit and loan products and customer preferences and concerns. We generally review our deposit mix and pricing weekly. Our current strategy is to offer competitive rates, but not be the market leader in every type and maturity. Borrowings . If necessary, we borrow from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh to supplement our supply of lendable funds and to meet deposit withdrawal requirements. The Federal Home Loan Bank functions as a central reserve bank providing credit for member financial institutions. As a member, we are required to own capital stock in the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh and are authorized to apply for advances on the security of such stock and certain of our mortgage loans and other assets (principally securities that are obligations of, or guaranteed by, the United States), provided certain standards related to credit-worthiness have been met. Advances are made under several different programs, each having its own interest rate and range of maturities. Depending on the program, limitations on the amount of advances are based either on a fixed percentage of an institution s net worth or on the Federal Home Loan Bank s assessment of the institution s creditworthiness. Under its current credit policies, the Federal Home Loan Bank generally limits advances to 25 of a member s assets, and short-term borrowings of less than one year may not exceed 10 of the institution s assets. The Federal Home Loan Bank determines specific lines of credit for each member institution. There were 34.0 million of Federal Home Loan Bank advances outstanding at June 30, 2023. At June 30, 2023, we had the ability to borrow an additional 261.0 million from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh. In addition, as of June 30, 2023, we had 10.0 million of available credit from Atlantic Community Bankers Bank to purchase federal funds and we had 3.7 million of available credit from the Federal Reserve Bank. Personnel At June 30, 2023, we had 93 full-time employees and two part-time employees, none of whom is represented by a collective bargaining unit. We believe our relationship with our employees is good. Subsidiaries The Company s only direct subsidiary is the Bank. The Bank has one wholly owned subsidiary, WPSLA. WPSLA is a Delaware corporation organized in April 2000 to hold certain investment securities for the Bank. At June 30, 2023, WPSLA held 256.9 million of the Bank s 264.8 million securities portfolio. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 REGULATION AND SUPERVISION General The Bank is a Pennsylvania-chartered stock savings bank. The Bank s deposits are insured up to applicable limits by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. The Bank is subject to extensive regulation by the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and Securities, as its chartering agency, and by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, as its primary federal regulator. The Bank is required to file reports with, and is periodically examined by, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and Securities, concerning its activities and financial condition and must obtain regulatory approvals prior to entering into certain transactions, including, but not limited to, mergers with or acquisitions of other financial institutions. The Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh. The regulation and supervision of the Bank establish a comprehensive framework of activities in which an institution can engage and is intended primarily for the protection of depositors and borrowers and, for purposes of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the protection of the insurance fund. The regulatory structure also gives the regulatory authorities extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities and examination policies, including policies with respect to the classification of assets and the establishment of adequate loan loss reserves for regulatory purposes. As a bank holding company, the Company must comply with the rules and regulations of the Federal Reserve Board and file certain reports with the Federal Reserve Board and is subject to examination by and the enforcement authority of the Federal Reserve Board. The Company is also subject to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission under the federal securities laws. Any change in applicable laws or regulations, whether by the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and Securities, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Federal Reserve Board, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania or Congress, could have a material adverse impact on the operations and financial performance of the Company and the Bank. In addition, the Company and the Bank will be affected by the monetary and fiscal policies of various agencies of the United States Government, including the Federal Reserve Board. In view of changing conditions in the national economy and in the money markets, it is impossible for management to accurately predict future changes in monetary policy or the effect of such changes on the business or financial condition of the Company and the Bank. Set forth below is a brief description of material regulatory requirements that are or will be applicable to the Company and the Bank. The description is limited to certain material aspects of the statutes and regulations addressed, and is not intended to be a complete description of such statutes and regulations and their effects on the Company and the Bank. Bank Regulation Pennsylvania Savings Bank Law . The Pennsylvania Banking Code of 1965, as amended, contains detailed provisions governing the organization, location of offices, rights and responsibilities of directors, officers and employees, as well as corporate powers, savings and investment operations and other aspects of the Bank and its affairs. The Pennsylvania Banking Code delegates extensive rule-making power and administrative discretion to the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and Securities so that the supervision and regulation of state-chartered savings banks may be flexible and readily responsive to changes in economic conditions and in savings and lending practices. Specifically, under the Pennsylvania Banking Code, the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and Securities is given the authority to exercise such supervision over state-chartered savings banks as to afford the greatest safety to creditors, stockholders and depositors, ensure business safety and soundness, conserve assets, protect the public interest and maintain public confidence in such institutions. The Pennsylvania Banking Code provides, among other powers, that state-chartered savings banks may engage in any activity permissible for a national banking association or federal savings association, subject to regulation by the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and Securities (which shall not be more restrictive than the regulation imposed upon a national banking association or federal savings association, respectively). Before it engages in an activity allowable for a national banking association or federal savings association, a state-chartered savings bank must either obtain prior approval from the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and Securities or provide at least 30 days prior written notice to the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and Securities. The authority of the Bank under Pennsylvania law, however, may be constrained by federal law and regulation. Capital Requirements . Federal regulations require Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation-insured depository institutions to meet several minimum capital standards: a common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-based assets ratio of 4.5 , a Tier 1 capital to risk-based assets ratio of 6.0 , a total capital to risk-based assets ratio of 8.0 , and a Tier 1 capital to average assets leverage ratio of 4.0 . 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 For purposes of the regulatory capital requirements, common equity Tier 1 capital is generally defined as common stockholders equity and retained earnings. Tier 1 capital is generally defined as common equity Tier 1 and additional Tier 1 capital. Additional Tier 1 capital includes certain noncumulative perpetual preferred stock and related surplus and minority interests in equity accounts of consolidated subsidiaries. Total capital includes Tier 1 capital (common equity Tier 1 capital plus additional Tier 1 capital) and Tier 2 capital. Tier 2 capital is comprised of capital instruments and related surplus, meeting specified requirements, and may include cumulative preferred stock and long-term perpetual preferred stock, mandatory convertible securities, intermediate preferred stock and subordinated debt. Also included in Tier 2 capital is the allowance for loan and lease losses limited to a maximum of 1.25 of risk-weighted assets and, for institutions that made such an election regarding the treatment of accumulated other comprehensive income AOCI ), up to 45 of net unrealized gains on available for sale equity securities with readily determinable fair market values. Institutions that have not exercised the AOCI opt-out have AOCI incorporated into common equity Tier 1 capital (including unrealized gains and losses on available for sale-securities). The Bank exercised the opt-out and therefore does not include AOCI in its regulatory capital determinations. Calculation of all types of regulatory capital is subject to deductions and adjustments specified in the regulations. In determining the amount of risk-weighted assets for purposes of calculating risk-based capital ratios, all assets, including certain off-balance sheet assets (such as recourse obligations, direct credit substitutes, residual interests) are multiplied by a risk weight factor assigned by the regulations based on the risks believed inherent in the type of asset. Higher levels of capital are required for asset categories believed to present greater risk. For example, a risk weight of 0 is assigned to cash and U.S. government securities, a risk weight of 50 is generally assigned to prudently underwritten first lien one to four- family residential mortgages, a risk weight of 100 is assigned to commercial and consumer loans, a risk weight of 150 is assigned to certain past due loans and a risk weight of between 0 to 600 is assigned to permissible equity interests, depending on certain specified factors. In addition to establishing the minimum regulatory capital requirements, the regulations limit capital distributions and certain discretionary bonus payments to management if the institution does not hold a capital conservation buffer consisting of 2.5 of common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted asset above the amount necessary to meet its minimum risk-based capital requirements. The capital conservation buffer requirement began being phased in starting on January 1, 2016 at 0.625 of risk-weighted assets and increased each year until fully implemented at 2.5 on January 1, 2019. At June 30, 2023, the Bank exceeded the fully phased in regulatory requirement for the capital conservation buffer. Federal banking agencies have established an optional community bank leverage ratio of between 8 to 10 tangible equity to average total consolidated assets for qualifying institutions with assets of less than 10 billion of assets. Institutions with capital meeting the specified requirement and electing to follow the alternative framework would be deemed to comply with the applicable regulatory capital requirements, including the risk-based requirements and would be considered well-capitalized under the prompt corrective action framework. In April 2020, the Federal banking regulatory agencies modified the original Community Bank Leverage Ratio (CBLR) framework and provided that, as of the second quarter 2020, a banking organization with a leverage ratio of 8 or greater and that meets the other existing qualifying criteria may elect to use the community bank leverage ratio framework. The modified rule also states that the community bank leverage ratio requirement will be greater than 8 for the second through fourth quarters of calendar year 2020, greater than 8.5 for calendar year 2021, and greater than 9 thereafter. The transition rule also maintains a two-quarter grace period for a qualifying community banking organization whose leverage ratio falls no more than 100 basis points below the applicable community bank leverage ratio requirement. The Bank has elected to adopt the community bank leverage ratio framework. Management believes, as of June 30, 2023, that the Bank meets all capital adequacy requirements to which it is subject. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act required each federal banking agency to revise its risk-based capital standards for insured institutions to ensure that those standards take adequate account of interest-rate risk, concentration of credit risk, and the risk of nontraditional activities, as well as to reflect the actual performance and expected risk of loss on multi-family residential loans. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, along with the other federal banking agencies, adopted a regulation providing that the agencies will take into account the exposure of a bank s capital and economic value to changes in interest rate risk in assessing a bank s capital adequacy. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation also has authority to establish individual minimum capital requirements in appropriate cases upon determination that an institution s capital level is, or is likely to become, inadequate in light of the particular circumstances. Standards for Safety and Soundness . As required by statute, the federal banking agencies adopted final regulations and Interagency Guidelines Establishing Standards for Safety and Soundness to implement safety and soundness standards. The guidelines set forth the safety and soundness standards that the federal banking agencies use to identify and address problems at insured depository institutions before capital becomes impaired. The guidelines address internal controls and information systems, internal audit system, credit underwriting, loan documentation, interest rate exposure, asset growth, asset quality, earnings and compensation, fees and benefits. The agencies have also established standards for safeguarding customer information. If the appropriate federal banking agency determines 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 that an institution fails to meet any standard prescribed by the guidelines, the agency may require the institution to submit to the agency an acceptable plan to achieve compliance with the standard. Investments and Activities . Under federal law, all state-chartered banks insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation have generally been limited to activities as principal and equity investments of the type and in the amount authorized for national banks, notwithstanding state law. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation permit exceptions to these limitations. For example, state chartered banks may, with Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation approval, continue to exercise grandfathered state authority to invest in common or preferred stocks listed on a national securities exchange and in the shares of an investment company registered under federal law. The Bank received grandfathering authority from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation to invest in listed stocks and/or registered shares. The maximum permissible investment is 100 of Tier 1 capital, as specified by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation s regulations, or the maximum amount permitted by Pennsylvania Banking Code of 1965, whichever is less. Such grandfathering authority may be terminated upon the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation s determination that such investments pose a safety and soundness risk to the Bank or if the Bank converts its charter or undergoes a change in control. In addition, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation is authorized to permit such institutions to engage in other state authorized activities or investments (other than non-subsidiary equity investments) that meet all applicable capital requirements if it is determined that such activities or investments do not pose a significant risk to the Deposit Insurance Fund. As of June 30, 2023, the Bank held no marketable equity securities under such grandfathering authority. Interstate Banking and Branching. Federal law permits well capitalized and well managed bank holding companies to acquire banks in any state, subject to Federal Reserve Board approval, certain concentration limits and other specified conditions. Interstate mergers of banks are also authorized, subject to regulatory approval and other specified conditions. In addition, amendments made by the Dodd-Frank Act permit banks to establish de novo branches on an interstate basis to the extent that branching is authorized by the law of the host state for the banks chartered by that state. Prompt Corrective Regulatory Action. Federal law requires, among other things, that federal bank regulatory authorities take prompt corrective action with respect to banks that do not meet minimum capital requirements. For these purposes, the law establishes five capital categories: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation has adopted regulations to implement the prompt corrective action legislation. An institution is deemed to be well capitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 10.0 or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 or greater, a leverage ratio of 5.0 or greater and a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 6.5 or greater. An institution is adequately capitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.0 or greater, a leverage ratio of 4.0 or greater and a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 4.5 or greater. An institution is undercapitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of less than 8.0 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 6.0 , a leverage ratio of less than 4.0 or a common equity Tier 1 ratio of less than 4.5 . An institution is deemed to be significantly undercapitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of less than 6.0 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 4.0 , a leverage ratio of less than 3.0 or a common equity Tier 1 ratio of less than 3.0 . An institution is considered to be critically undercapitalized if it has a ratio of tangible equity (as defined in the regulations) to total assets that is equal to or less than 2.0 . As of June 30, 2023, the Bank was a well capitalized institution under the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation regulations. At each successive lower capital category, an insured depository institution is subject to more restrictions and prohibitions, including restrictions on growth, restrictions on interest rates paid on deposits, restrictions or prohibitions on payment of dividends, and restrictions on the acceptance of brokered deposits. Furthermore, if an insured depository institution is classified in one of the undercapitalized categories, it is required to submit a capital restoration plan to the appropriate federal banking agency, and the holding company must guarantee the performance of that plan. Based upon its capital levels, a bank that is classified as well-capitalized, adequately capitalized, or undercapitalized may be treated as though it were in the next lower capital category if the appropriate federal banking agency, after notice and opportunity for hearing, determines that an unsafe or unsound condition, or an unsafe or unsound practice, warrants such treatment. An undercapitalized bank s compliance with a capital restoration plan is required to be guaranteed by any company that controls the undercapitalized institution in an amount equal to the lesser of 5.0 of the institution s total assets when deemed undercapitalized or the amount necessary to achieve the status of adequately capitalized. If an undercapitalized bank fails to submit an acceptable plan, it is treated as if it is significantly undercapitalized. Significantly undercapitalized banks must comply with one or more of a number of additional restrictions, including but not limited to an order by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation to sell sufficient voting stock to become adequately capitalized, requirements to reduce total assets, cease receipt of deposits from correspondent banks or dismiss directors or officers, and restrictions on interest rates paid on deposits, compensation of executive officers and capital distributions by the parent holding company. Critically undercapitalized institutions are subject to additional 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 measures including, subject to a narrow exception, the appointment of a receiver or conservator within 270 days after it obtains such status. The previously referenced regulations establishing a community bank leverage ratio adjusted the referenced categories for qualifying institutions that opt into the alternative framework for regulatory capital requirements. Institutions that exceed the community bank leverage ratio are considered to have met the capital ratio requirements to be well capitalized for the agencies prompt corrective rules. Transaction with Affiliates and Regulation W of the Federal Reserve Regulations. Transactions between banks and their affiliates are governed by federal law. An affiliate of a bank is any company or entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the bank. In a holding company context, the parent bank holding company and any companies which are controlled by such parent holding company are affiliates of the bank (although subsidiaries of the bank itself, except financial subsidiaries, are generally not considered affiliates). Generally, Section 23A of the Federal Reserve Act and the Federal Reserve Board s Regulation W limit the extent to which the bank or its subsidiaries may engage in covered transactions with any one affiliate to an amount equal to 10.0 of such institution s capital stock and surplus, and with all such transactions with all affiliates to an amount equal to 20.0 of such institution s capital stock and surplus. Section 23B applies to covered transactions as well as to certain other transactions and requires that all such transactions be on terms substantially the same, or at least as favorable, to the institution or subsidiary as those provided to a non-affiliate. The term covered transaction includes the making of loans to, purchase of assets from, and issuance of a guarantee to an affiliate, and other similar transactions. Section 23B transactions also include the provision of services and the sale of assets by a bank to an affiliate. In addition, loans or other extensions of credit by the financial institution to the affiliate are required to be collateralized in accordance with the requirements set forth in Section 23A of the Federal Reserve Act. Sections 22(h) and (g) of the Federal Reserve Act place restrictions on loans to a bank s insiders, i.e., executive officers, directors and principal stockholders. Under Section 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act, loans to a director, an executive officer and to a greater than 10.0 stockholder of a financial institution, and certain affiliated interests of these, together with all other outstanding loans to such person and affiliated interests, may not exceed specified limits. Section 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act also requires that loans to directors, executive officers and principal stockholders be made on terms and conditions substantially the same as offered in comparable transactions to persons who are not insiders and also requires prior board approval for certain loans. In addition, the aggregate amount of extensions of credit by a financial institution to insiders cannot exceed the institution s unimpaired capital and surplus. Section 22(g) of the Federal Reserve Act places additional restrictions on loans to executive officers. Enforcement . The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation has extensive enforcement authority over insured state chartered savings banks, including the Bank. The enforcement authority includes, among other things, the ability to assess civil money penalties, issue cease and desist orders and remove directors and officers. In general, these enforcement actions may be initiated in response to violations of laws and regulations, breaches of fiduciary duty and unsafe or unsound practices. Federal Insurance of Deposit Accounts . The Bank is a member of the Deposit Insurance Fund, which is administered by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. Deposit accounts in the Bank are insured up to a maximum of 250,000 for each separately insured depositor. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation imposes an assessment for deposit insurance on all depository institutions. Under the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation s risk-based assessment system, insured institutions are assigned to risk categories based on supervisory evaluations, regulatory capital levels and certain other factors. An institution s assessment rate depends upon the category to which it is assigned and certain adjustments specified by Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation regulations, with less risky institutions paying lower rates. Assessment rates (inclusive of possible adjustments) for most banks with less than 10 billion of assets currently range from 1 1 2 to 30 basis points of each institution s total assets less tangible capital. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation may increase or decrease the scale uniformly, except that no adjustment can deviate more than two basis points from the base scale without notice and comment rulemaking. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation s current system represents a change, required by the Dodd-Frank Act, from its prior practice of basing the assessment on an institution s volume of deposits. The Dodd-Frank Act increased the minimum target Deposit Insurance Fund ratio from 1.15 of estimated insured deposits to 1.35 of estimated insured deposits. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation was required to seek to achieve the 1.35 ratio by September 30, 2020. Insured institutions with assets of 10 billion or more were supposed to fund the increase. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation indicated in November 2018 that the 1.35 ratio was exceeded. Insured institutions of less than 10 billion of assets were to receive credits for the portion of their assessments that contributed to raising the reserve ratio between 1.15 and 1.35 effective when the fund rate achieves 1.38 . The Dodd-Frank Act eliminated the 1.5 maximum fund ratio, instead leaving it to the discretion of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation has exercised that discretion by establishing a long range fund ratio of 2 . 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation has authority to increase insurance assessments. A significant increase in insurance premiums would likely have an adverse effect on the operating expenses and results of operations of the Bank. Future insurance assessment rates cannot be predicted. In October 2022, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Board adopted a final rule to increase initial base deposit insurance assessment rate schedules by two basis points beginning in the first quarterly assessment period of 2023. The adoption of this final rule increased the Bank s annual deposit insurance premium by approximately 144 thousand. Insurance of deposits may be terminated by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation upon a finding that the institution has engaged in unsafe or unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule order or regulatory condition imposed in writing. We do not know of any practice, condition or violation that might lead to termination of deposit insurance. Privacy Regulations. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation regulations generally require that the Bank disclose its privacy policy, including identifying with whom it shares a customer s non-public personal information, to customers at the time of establishing the customer relationship and annually thereafter. In addition, the Bank is required to provide its customers with the ability to opt-out of having their personal information shared with unaffiliated third parties and not to disclose account numbers or access codes to non-affiliated third parties for marketing purposes. The Bank currently has a privacy protection policy in place and believes that such policy is in compliance with the regulations. Community Reinvestment Act. Under the Community Reinvestment Act, or CRA, as implemented by Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation regulations, a non-member bank has a continuing and affirmative obligation, consistent with its safe and sound operation, to help meet the credit needs of its entire community, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods. The CRA does not establish specific lending requirements or programs for financial institutions, nor does it limit an institution s discretion to develop the types of products and services that it believes are best suited to its particular community, consistent with the CRA. The CRA does require the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, in connection with its examination of a non-member bank, to assess the institution s record of meeting the credit needs of its community and to take such record into account in its evaluation of certain applications by such institution, including applications to acquire branches and other financial institutions. The CRA requires the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation to provide a written evaluation of an institution s CRA performance utilizing a four-tiered descriptive rating system. The Bank s latest Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation CRA rating was Satisfactory. Consumer Protection and Fair Lending Regulations . Pennsylvania savings banks are subject to a variety of federal statutes and regulations that are intended to protect consumers and prohibit discrimination in the granting of credit. These statutes and regulations provide for a range of sanctions for non-compliance with their terms, including imposition of administrative fines and remedial orders, and referral to the Attorney General for prosecution of a civil action for actual and punitive damages and injunctive relief. Certain of these statutes authorize private individual and class action lawsuits and the award of actual, statutory and punitive damages and attorneys fees for certain types of violations. USA PATRIOT Act . The Bank is subject to the USA PATRIOT Act, which gave federal agencies additional powers to address terrorist threats through enhanced domestic security measures, expanded surveillance powers, increased information sharing, and broadened anti-money laundering requirements. By way of amendments to the Bank Secrecy Act, Title III of the USA PATRIOT Act provided measures intended to encourage information sharing among bank regulatory agencies and law enforcement bodies. Further, certain provisions of Title III impose affirmative obligations on a broad range of financial institutions, including banks, thrifts, brokers, dealers, credit unions, money transfer agents, and parties registered under the Commodity Exchange Act. Other Regulations Interest and other charges collected or contracted for by the Bank are subject to state usury laws and federal laws concerning interest rates. Loan operations are also subject to state and federal laws applicable to credit transactions, such as the: Home Mortgage Disclosure Act of 1975, requiring financial institutions to provide information to enable the public and public officials to determine whether a financial institution is fulfilling its obligation to help meet the housing needs of the community it serves; Equal Credit Opportunity Act, prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, creed or other prohibited factors in extending credit; Fair Credit Reporting Act of 1978, governing the use and provision of information to credit reporting agencies; and 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 Rules and regulations of the various federal and state agencies charged with the responsibility of implementing such federal and state laws. The deposit operations of William Penn Bank also are subject to, among others, the: Right to Financial Privacy Act, which imposes a duty to maintain confidentiality of consumer financial records and prescribes procedures for complying with administrative subpoenas of financial records; Check Clearing for the 21st Century Act (also known as Check 21 ), which gives substitute checks, such as digital check images and copies made from that image, the same legal standing as the original paper check; and Electronic Funds Transfer Act and Regulation E promulgated thereunder, which govern automatic deposits to and withdrawals from deposit accounts and customers rights and liabilities arising from the use of automated teller machines and other electronic banking services. 
 Federal Reserve System The Federal Reserve Act authorizes the Federal Reserve Board to require depository associations to maintain noninterest-earning reserves against their transaction accounts (primarily negotiable order of withdrawal and regular checking accounts). The amounts are adjusted annually and, on March 15, 2020, the Federal Reserve Board reduced reserve requirement to 0 effective as of March 26, 2020, which eliminated reserve requirements for all depository institutions. Federal Home Loan Bank System The Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank System, which consists of 12 regional Federal Home Loan Banks. The Federal Home Loan Bank provides a central credit facility primarily for member institutions. At June 30, 2023, the Bank had a maximum borrowing capacity from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh of 295.0 million, of which it had 34.0 million in outstanding borrowings. The Bank, as a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh, is required to acquire and hold shares of capital stock in that Federal Home Loan Bank. The Bank was in compliance with requirements for the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh with an investment of 2.3 million at June 30, 2023. Holding Company Regulation The Company is subject to examination, regulation, and periodic reporting under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, as administered by the Federal Reserve Board. The Company is required to obtain the prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board to acquire all, or substantially all, of the assets of any bank or bank holding company. Prior Federal Reserve Board approval would be required for the Company to acquire direct or indirect ownership or control of any voting securities of any bank or bank holding company if, after such acquisition, it would, directly or indirectly, own or control more than 5 of any class of voting shares of the bank or bank holding company. In addition to the approval of the Federal Reserve Board, prior approval may also be necessary from other agencies having supervisory jurisdiction over the bank to be acquired before any bank acquisition can be completed. A bank holding company is generally prohibited from engaging in non-banking activities, or acquiring direct or indirect control of more than 5 of the voting securities of any company engaged in non-banking activities. One of the principal exceptions to this prohibition is for activities found by the Federal Reserve Board to be so closely related to banking or managing or controlling banks as to be a proper incident thereto. Some of the principal activities that the Federal Reserve Board has determined by regulation to be so closely related to banking are: (i) making or servicing loans; (ii) performing certain data processing services; (iii) providing discount brokerage services; (iv) acting as fiduciary, investment or financial advisor; (v) leasing personal or real property; (vi) making investments in corporations or projects designed primarily to promote community welfare; and (vii) acquiring a savings and loan association whose direct and indirect activities are limited to those permitted for bank holding companies. The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 authorized a bank holding company that meets specified conditions, including being well capitalized and well managed, to opt to become a financial holding company and thereby engage in a broader array of financial activities than previously permitted. Such activities can include insurance underwriting and investment banking. The Company is subject to the Federal Reserve Board s capital adequacy guidelines for bank holding companies (on a consolidated basis) which have historically been similar to, though less stringent than, those of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation for the Bank. The Dodd-Frank Act, however, required the Federal Reserve Board to promulgate consolidated capital requirements for 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 depository institution holding companies that are no less stringent, both quantitatively and in terms of components of capital, than those applicable to institutions themselves. Consolidated regulatory capital requirements identical to those applicable to the subsidiary banks apply to bank holding companies; as is the case with institutions themselves, the capital conservation buffer was phased in between 2016 and 2019. However, the Federal Reserve Board has provided a small bank holding company exception to its consolidated capital requirements, and legislation and the related issuance of regulations by the Federal Reserve Board has increased the threshold for the exception to 3.0 billion. As a result, the Company is not subject to the capital requirement until such time as its consolidated assets exceed 3.0 billion. A bank holding company is generally required to give the Federal Reserve Board prior written notice of any purchase or redemption of then outstanding equity securities if the gross consideration for the purchase or redemption, when combined with the net consideration paid for all such purchases or redemptions during the preceding 12 months, is equal to 10 or more of the company s consolidated net worth. The Federal Reserve Board may disapprove such a purchase or redemption if it determines that the proposal would constitute an unsafe and unsound practice, or would violate any law, regulation, Federal Reserve Board order or directive, or any condition imposed by, or written agreement with, the Federal Reserve Board. There is an exception to this approval requirement for well-capitalized bank holding companies that meet certain other conditions. The Federal Reserve Board has issued a policy statement regarding capital distributions, including dividends, by bank holding companies. In general, the Federal Reserve Board s policies provide that dividends should be paid only out of current earnings and only if the prospective rate of earnings retention by the bank holding company appears consistent with the organization s capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. The Federal Reserve Board s policies also require that a bank holding company serve as a source of financial strength to its subsidiary banks by standing ready to use available resources to provide adequate capital funds to those banks during periods of financial stress or adversity and by maintaining the financial flexibility and capital-raising capacity to obtain additional resources for assisting its subsidiary banks where necessary. The Dodd-Frank Act codified the source of strength doctrine. Under the prompt corrective action laws, the ability of a bank holding company to pay dividends may be restricted if a subsidiary bank becomes undercapitalized. In addition, the Federal Reserve Board has issued guidance that requires consultation with the agency prior to a bank holding company s payment of dividends or repurchase of stock under certain circumstances. These regulatory policies could affect the ability of the Company to pay dividends, repurchase its stock or otherwise engage in capital distributions. Under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, depository institutions are liable to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation for losses suffered or anticipated by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation in connection with the default of a commonly controlled depository institution or any assistance provided by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation to such an institution in danger of default. The status of the Company as a registered bank holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act does not exempt it from certain federal and state laws and regulations applicable to corporations generally, including, without limitation, certain provisions of the federal securities laws. Federal Securities Laws The common stock of the Company is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. As a result, the Company is required to file quarterly and annual reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is subject to the information, proxy solicitation, insider trading restrictions and other requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 is intended to improve corporate responsibility, to provide for enhanced penalties for accounting and auditing improprieties at publicly traded companies and to protect investors by improving the accuracy and reliability of corporate disclosures pursuant to the securities laws. We have policies, procedures and systems designed to comply with these regulations, and we review and document such policies, procedures and systems to ensure continued compliance with these regulations. Change in Control Regulations Under the Change in Bank Control Act, no person, or group of persons acting in concert, may acquire control of a bank holding company, such as the Company, unless the Federal Reserve Board has been given 60 days prior written notice and not disapproved the proposed acquisition. The Federal Reserve Board considers several factors in evaluating a notice, including the financial and managerial resources of the acquirer and competitive effects. Control, as defined under the applicable regulations, means the power, directly or indirectly, to direct the management or policies of the company or to vote 25 or more of any class of voting securities of the company. Acquisition 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 of more than 10 of any class of a bank holding company s voting securities constitutes a rebuttable presumption of control under certain circumstances, including where, as will be the case with the Company, the issuer has registered securities under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. In addition, federal regulations provide that no company may acquire control (as defined in the Bank Holding Company Act) of a bank holding company without the prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board. Any company that acquires such control becomes a bank holding company subject to registration, examination and regulation by the Federal Reserve Board. Emerging Growth Company Status The Company is an emerging growth company and, for so long as it continues to be an emerging growth company, the Company may choose to take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies but not to emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As an emerging growth company, the Company also is not subject to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, which would require that our independent auditors review and attest as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. We have also elected to use the extended transition period to delay adoption of new or revised accounting pronouncements applicable to public companies until such pronouncements are made applicable to private companies. Such an election is irrevocable during the period a company is an emerging growth company. Accordingly, our financial statements may not be comparable to the financial statements of public companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. The Company will cease to be an emerging growth company upon the earliest of: (i) the end of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the completion of its second-step conversion offering; (ii) the first fiscal year after our annual gross revenues are 1.07 billion (adjusted for inflation) or more; (iii) the date on which we have, during the previous three-year period, issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities; or (iv) the end of any fiscal year in which the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeded 700 million at the end of the second quarter of that fiscal year. Accordingly, our financial statements may not be comparable to the financial statements of public companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. FEDERAL AND STATE TAXATION Federal Income Taxation General . We report our income on a fiscal year basis using the accrual method of accounting. The federal income tax laws apply to us in the same manner as to other corporations with some exceptions, including particularly our reserve for bad debts discussed below. The following discussion of tax matters is intended only as a summary and does not purport to be a comprehensive description of the tax rules applicable to us. The tax years corresponding to our fiscal years ended June 30, 2020 through 2023 remain subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service and by Pennsylvania and Philadelphia taxing authorities. The tax years corresponding to our fiscal years ended June 30, 2019 through 2023 remain subject to examination by New Jersey taxing authorities. For 2022, the Bank s maximum federal income tax rate was 21.0 . The Company and the Bank have entered into a tax allocation agreement. Because the Company owns 100 of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Bank, the Company and the Bank are members of an affiliated group within the meaning of Section 1504(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, of which group the Company is the common parent corporation. As a result of this affiliation, the Bank may be included in the filing of a consolidated federal income tax return with the Company and, if a decision to file a consolidated tax return is made, the parties agree to compensate each other for their individual share of the consolidated tax liability and/or any tax benefits provided by them in the filing of the consolidated federal income tax return. Bad Debt Reserves . For fiscal years beginning before June 30, 1996, thrift institutions that qualified under certain definitional tests and other conditions of the Internal Revenue Code were permitted to use certain favorable provisions to calculate their deductions from taxable income for annual additions to their bad debt reserve. A reserve could be established for bad debts on qualifying real property loans, generally secured by interests in real property improved or to be improved, under the percentage of taxable income method or the experience method. The reserve for non-qualifying loans was computed using the experience method. Federal legislation enacted in 1996 repealed the reserve method of accounting for bad debts and the percentage of taxable income method for tax years beginning after 1995 and required savings institutions to recapture or take into income certain portions of their accumulated bad debt reserves as of December 31, 1987. Approximately 2.8 million of income tax related to our accumulated bad debt reserves will not be recognized unless the Bank makes a non-dividend distribution to the Company as described below. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 Distributions . If the Bank makes non-dividend distributions to the Company, the distributions will be considered to have been made from the Bank s un-recaptured tax bad debt reserves, including the balance of its reserves as of December 31, 1987, to the extent of the non-dividend distributions, and then from the Bank s supplemental reserve for losses on loans, to the extent of those reserves, and an amount based on the amount distributed, but not more than the amount of those reserves, will be included in the Bank s taxable income. Non-dividend distributions include distributions in excess of the Bank s current and accumulated earnings and profits, as calculated for federal income tax purposes, distributions in redemption of stock, and distributions in partial or complete liquidation. Dividends paid out of the Bank s current or accumulated earnings and profits will not be included in the Bank s taxable income. The amount of additional taxable income triggered by a non-dividend is an amount that, when reduced by the tax attributable to the income, is equal to the amount of the distribution. Therefore, if the Bank makes a non-dividend distribution to the Company, approximately one and one-half times the amount of the distribution not in excess of the amount of the reserves would be includable in income for federal income tax purposes, assuming a 21.0 federal corporate income tax rate. The Bank does not intend to pay dividends that would result in a recapture of any portion of its bad debt reserves. State Taxation Pennsylvania Taxation . The Bank, as a savings bank conducting business in Pennsylvania, is subject to tax under the Pennsylvania Mutual Thrift Institutions Tax MTIT Act, as amended to include thrift institutions having capital stock. The MTIT is a tax upon separately stated net book income, determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles with certain adjustments. In computing income subject to MTIT taxation, there is an allowance for the deduction of interest income earned on state, federal and local obligations, while also disallowing a portion of a thrift s interest expense associated with such tax-exempt income. The MTIT tax rate is 11.5 . Net operating losses, if any, can be carried forward a maximum of three years for MTIT purposes. Philadelphia Taxation . In addition, as a savings bank conducting business in Philadelphia, the Bank is also subject to the City of Philadelphia Business Privilege Tax. The City of Philadelphia Business Privilege Tax is a tax upon net income or taxable receipts imposed on persons carrying on or exercising for gain or profit certain business activities within Philadelphia. Pursuant to the City of Philadelphia Business Privilege Tax, the 2022 tax rate was 5.99 on net income and 0.1415 on gross receipts. For regulated industry taxpayers, the tax is the lesser of the tax on net income or the tax on gross receipts. The City of Philadelphia Business Privilege Tax allows for the deduction by financial businesses from receipts of (a) the cost of securities and other intangible property and monetary metals sold, exchanged, paid at maturity or redeemed, but only to the extent of the total gross receipts from securities and other intangible property and monetary metals sold, exchanged, paid out at maturity or redeemed; (b) moneys or credits received in repayment of the principal amount of deposits, advances, credits, loans and other obligations; (c) interest received on account of deposits, advances, credits, loans and other obligations made to persons resident or having their principal place of business outside Philadelphia; (d) interest received on account of other deposits, advances, credits, loans and other obligations but only to the extent of interest expenses attributable to such deposits, advances, credits, loans and other obligations; and (e) payments received on account of shares purchased by stockholders. An apportioned net operating loss may be carried forward for three tax years following the tax year for which it was first reported. New Jersey Taxation . The Bank is subject to New Jersey s Corporation Business Tax at the rate of 9.0 on its separate company apportioned taxable income. For this purpose, taxable income generally means federal taxable income subject to certain adjustments (including addition of interest income on state and municipal obligations). Net operating losses may be carried forward for twenty years following the tax year for which they were first reported. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Executive Officers Our executive officers are elected annually by the board of directors and serve at the board s discretion. The following individuals currently serve as our executive officers: Name Position Kenneth J. Stephon Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of William Penn Bancorporation and William Penn Bank Jeannine Cimino Executive Vice President and Chief Retail Officer of William Penn Bancorporation and William Penn Bank Amy J. Hannigan Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of William Penn Bancorporation and William Penn Bank Jonathan T. Logan Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of William Penn Bancorporation and William Penn Bank Alan B. Turner Executive Vice President and Chief Lending Officer of William Penn Bancorporation and William Penn Bank Below is information regarding our executive officers. Each executive officer has held his or her current position for the period indicated below. Ages presented are as of June 30, 2023. Kenneth J. Stephon is the Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of William Penn Bancorporation and William Penn Bank. Mr. Stephon previously served as Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of William Penn Bank and William Penn Bancorporation from July 2018 until October 2018, when he became President. He was appointed Chief Executive Officer of William Penn Bank and William Penn Bancorporation in February 2019. Mr. Stephon has over 40 years of banking industry experience and previously served as President and Chief Executive Officer, as well as a director, of Audubon Savings Bank from October 2013 until its merger with William Penn Bank on July 1, 2018. He also serves as a director of the Pennsylvania Association of Community Bankers and the Insured Financial Institutions of the Delaware Valley. Age 64. Jeannine Cimino joined William Penn Bancorporation and William Penn Bank as Executive Vice President and Chief Retail Officer in July 2021. Mrs. Cimino served as Regional President of Berkshire Bank from December 2016 to July 2021, following Berkshire Bank s acquisition of First Choice Bank, where she served as Director of Marketing from April 2010 to December 2016. Prior to that time, Mrs. Cimino served as Senior Vice President of Retail Banking at Sovereign Bank. Age 52. Amy J. Hannigan joined William Penn Bancorporation and William Penn Bank as Executive Vice President and Director of Corporate Development in May 2021 and in June 2021, was appointed as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company and the Bank. Ms. Hannigan served as Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller of WSFS Bank, from April 2019 to April 2021, following the acquisition by WSFS Bank of Beneficial Bank, where she served as Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer from March 2010 to April 2019. Ms. Hannigan is a certified public accountant and began her career with Coopers and Lybrand, where she served as an audit manager in the financial services industry. Age 56. Jonathan T. Logan joined William Penn Bancorporation and William Penn Bank as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in April 2020 and in June 2021, was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company and the Bank. Mr. Logan served as Vice President and Controller of Towne Park, a hospitality services company, from March 2019 to March 2020. Prior to that time, Mr. Logan served as Vice President and Corporate Controller of Beneficial Bank from April 2011 to March 2019. Mr. Logan is a certified public accountant and began his career with Ernst Young where he served as an audit manager in the financial services industry. Age 39. Alan B. Turner joined William Penn Bancorporation and William Penn Bank as Executive Vice President and Chief Lending Officer in March 2021. Prior to that time, Mr. Turner served as Senior Vice President and Regional Commercial Manager for OceanFirst Bank, successor to Two River Community Bank, where he served as the Executive Vice President and Senior Loan Officer for 20 years. Age 59. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Risks Related to Market Interest Rates Changes in interest rates may hurt our profits and asset values and our strategies for managing interest rate risk may not be effective. Like most financial institutions, our profitability depends to a large extent upon our net interest income, which is the difference between our interest income on interest-earning assets, such as loans and securities, and our interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and borrowed funds. Accordingly, our results of operations depend largely on movements in market interest rates and our ability to manage our interest-rate-sensitive assets and liabilities in response to these movements. Factors such as inflation, recession and instability in financial markets, among other factors beyond our control, may affect interest rates. In a rising interest rate environment, we would expect that the rates on our deposits and borrowings would reprice upwards faster than the rates on our longer-term loans and investments, which would be expected to compress our interest rate spread and have a negative effect on our profitability. In addition, the high percentage of fixed rate loans in our one- to four-family residential real estate loan portfolio would also contribute to the negative effect on our profitability in a rising interest rate environment. Furthermore, increases in interest rates may adversely affect the ability of our borrowers to make loan repayments on adjustable-rate loans, as the interest owed on such loans would increase as interest rates increase. Conversely, decreases in interest rates can result in increased prepayments of loans and mortgage-related securities, as borrowers refinance to reduce their borrowing costs. Under these circumstances, we are subject to reinvestment risk as we may have to redeploy such loan or securities proceeds into lower-yielding assets, which might also negatively impact our income. Furthermore, the historically low interest rate environment in recent periods has contributed significantly to our loan growth, particularly in one- to four-family residential mortgage loans where refinance volume has been relatively high. The increase in market interest rates that we are now experiencing is likely to reduce our loan origination volume, particularly refinance volume, and/or reduce our interest rate spread, which would have a material adverse effect on our profitability and results of operations. Any substantial, unexpected, prolonged change in market interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Changes in the level of interest rates also may negatively affect the value of our assets, including the value of our available-for-sale investment securities and interest rate swap derivatives which generally decrease when market interest rates rise, and ultimately affect our earnings. Changes in the level of interest rates also may negatively affect our ability to originate real estate loans, the value of our assets, and our ability to realize gains from the sale of our assets, all of which ultimately affect our earnings. Also, our interest rate risk modeling techniques and assumptions likely may not fully predict or capture the impact of actual interest rate changes on our balance sheet or projected operating results. Changes in interest rates also can affect: (1) our ability to originate loans; (2) the value of our interest-earning assets and our ability to realize gains from the sale of such assets; (3) our ability to obtain and retain deposits in competition with other available investment alternatives; and (4) the ability of our borrowers to repay their loans, particularly adjustable or variable-rate loans. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including government monetary policies, domestic and international economic and political conditions and other factors beyond our control. Risks Related to Our Lending Activities Our emphasis on one- to four-family residential mortgage and commercial real estate loans exposes us to lending risks. At June 30, 2023, 233.2 million, or 48.5 , of our loan portfolio was secured by one- to four-family real estate and we intend to continue to make loans of this type in the future. One- to four-family residential mortgage and one- to four-family commercial real estate lending is generally sensitive to regional and local economic conditions that significantly impact the ability of borrowers to meet their loan payment obligations, making loss levels difficult to predict. Declines in real estate values could cause some of our residential mortgages to be inadequately collateralized, which would expose us to a greater risk of loss if we seek to recover on defaulted loans by selling the real estate collateral. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Our origination of non-owner occupied one- to four-family residential mortgage loans may expose us to increased lending risks. At June 30, 2023, loans secured by non-owner occupied one- to four-family residential properties totaled 98.2 million, or 20.4 of our loan portfolio. We intend to continue to make loans secured by non-owner occupied one- to four-family residential properties in the future. Loans secured by non-owner occupied properties generally expose a lender to greater risk of non-payment and loss than loans secured by owner occupied properties because repayment of such loans depend primarily on the tenant s continuing ability to pay rent to the property owner, who is our borrower, or, if the property owner is unable to find a tenant, the property owner s ability to repay the loan without the benefit of a rental income stream. Our recent increase in and planned increase in commercial real estate and commercial lending could expose us to increased lending risks and related loan losses. At June 30, 2023, we had 203.9 million in commercial real estate and business loans (which include non-residential real estate loans, multi-family loans, land loans and commercial loans), which represented 42.4 of our total loan portfolio at that date. Of this amount, 157.6 million, or 32.8 of our total loan portfolio, was comprised of non-residential real estate loans made to small and medium-sized business located in our market area. Our current business strategy is to continue to increase our originations of commercial real estate loans in accordance with our conservative underwriting guidelines. Commercial real estate loans generally expose a lender to greater risk of non-payment and loss than one- to four-family residential mortgage loans because repayment of the loans often depends on the successful operation of the properties and the income stream of the borrowers. Such loans typically involve larger loan balances to single borrowers or groups of related borrowers compared to one- to four-family residential mortgage loans. In addition, to the extent that borrowers have more than one commercial loan outstanding, an adverse development with respect to one loan or one credit relationship could expose us to a significantly greater risk of loss compared to an adverse development with respect to a one- to four-family residential real estate loan. Furthermore, if loans that are collateralized by commercial real estate become troubled and the value of the real estate has been significantly impaired, then we may not be able to recover the full contractual amount of principal and interest that we anticipated at the time we originated the loan, which could cause us to increase our provision for loan losses and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. If our allowance for loan losses is not sufficient to cover actual loan losses, our results of operations would be negatively affected. In determining the amount of the allowance for loan losses, we analyze, among other things, our loss and delinquency experience by portfolio segments and we consider the effect of existing economic conditions. In addition, we make various assumptions and judgments about the collectability of our loan portfolio, including the creditworthiness of our borrowers and the value of the real estate and other assets serving as collateral for the repayment of many of our loans. If the actual results are different from our estimates, or our analyses are inaccurate, our allowance for loan losses may not be sufficient to cover losses inherent in our loan portfolio, which would require additions to our allowance and would decrease our net income. Our emphasis on loan growth and on increasing our portfolio, as well as any future credit deterioration, will require us to increase our allowance further in the future. In addition, our banking regulators periodically review our allowance for loan losses and could require us to increase our provision for loan losses. Any increase in our allowance for loan losses or loan charge-offs resulting from these regulatory reviews may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. The geographic concentration of our loan portfolio and lending activities makes us vulnerable to a downturn in our local market area. While there is not a single employer or industry in our market area on which a significant number of our customers are dependent, a substantial portion of our loan portfolio is comprised of loans secured by property located in the suburbs of Philadelphia, particularly in Bucks and Philadelphia Counties in Pennsylvania and in Southern and Central New Jersey. This makes us vulnerable to a downturn in the local economy and real estate markets. Adverse conditions in the local economy such as unemployment, recession, a catastrophic event or other factors beyond our control could impact the ability of our borrowers to repay their loans, which could impact our net interest income. Decreases in local real estate values caused by economic conditions, recent changes in tax laws or other events could adversely affect the value of the property used as collateral for our loans, which could cause us to realize a loss in the event of a foreclosure. Further, deterioration in local economic conditions could drive the level of loan losses beyond the level we have provided for in our allowance for loan losses, which in turn could necessitate an increase in our provision for loan losses and a resulting reduction to our earnings and capital. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Related to Economic Conditions Inflation can have an adverse impact on our business and our customers. Inflation risk is the risk that the value of assets or income from investments will be worth less in the future as inflation decreases the value of money. Recently, there has been a rise in inflation and the Federal Reserve Board has raised certain benchmark interest rates in an effort to combat inflation. As inflation increases and market interest rates rise the value of our investment securities, particularly those with longer maturities, would decrease, although this effect can be less pronounced for floating rate instruments. In addition, inflation generally increases the cost of goods and services we use in our business operations, such as electricity and other utilities, which increases our noninterest expenses. Furthermore, our customers are also affected by inflation and the rising costs of goods and services used in their households and businesses, which could have a negative impact on their ability to repay their loans with us. Economic conditions could result in increases in our level of non-performing loans and/or reduce demand for our products and services, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Prolonged deteriorating economic conditions could significantly affect the markets in which we do business, the value of our loans and investment securities, and our ongoing operations, costs and profitability. Further, declines in real estate values and sales volumes and elevated unemployment levels may result in higher loan delinquencies, increases in our non-performing and classified assets and a decline in demand for our products and services. These events may cause us to incur losses and may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Reduction in problem assets can be slow, and the process can be exacerbated by the condition of the properties securing non-performing loans and the lengthy foreclosure process in Pennsylvania and New Jersey, where the majority of our borrowers reside. To the extent that we must work through the resolution of assets, economic problems may cause us to incur losses and adversely affect our capital, liquidity, and financial condition. Risks Related to our Deferred Tax Assets and Goodwill We may not be able to realize our deferred tax assets. We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities based on differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities. At June 30, 2023, we had net deferred tax assets totaling 9.5 million. We have determined that no valuation allowance is required as of June 30, 2023, although there is no guarantee that those assets will be fully recognizable in future periods. Management regularly reviews the net deferred tax asset for recoverability based on our history of earnings, expectations for future earnings and expected timing of reversals of temporary differences. The value of our goodwill may decline in the future. As of June 30, 2023, we had 4.9 million of goodwill. A significant decline in our expected future cash flows, a significant adverse change in the business climate or slower growth rates, any or all of which could be materially impacted by many of the risk factors discussed herein, may necessitate our taking charges in the future related to the impairment of our goodwill. Future regulatory actions could also have a material impact on assessments of goodwill for impairment. If the fair value of our net assets improves at a faster rate than the market value of our reporting units, or if we were to experience increases in book values of a reporting unit in excess of the increase in fair value of equity, we may also have to take charges related to the impairment of our goodwill. If we were to conclude that a future write-down of our goodwill is necessary, we would record the appropriate charge, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Risks Related to Our Growth Strategy We are subject to certain risks in connection with our strategy of growing through mergers and acquisitions. In July 2018, we acquired Audubon, a New Jersey-chartered mutual savings association headquartered in Audubon, New Jersey. Additionally, in May 2020, we acquired both Fidelity, a Pennsylvania-chartered mutual savings bank headquartered in Bristol, Pennsylvania and Washington, a Pennsylvania-chartered mutual savings bank headquartered in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It is possible that we could acquire other banking institutions, other financial services companies or branches of financial institutions in the future. Acquisitions typically involve the payment of a premium over book and trading values and, therefore, may result in the dilution of our tangible book value per share. Our ability to engage in future mergers and acquisitions depends on various factors, including: (1) our ability to identify suitable merger partners and acquisition opportunities; (2) our ability to finance and complete transactions on 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 acceptable terms and at acceptable prices; and (3) our ability to receive the necessary regulatory and, when required, stockholder approvals. Our inability to engage in an acquisition or merger for any of these reasons could have an adverse impact on the implementation of our business strategies. Furthermore, mergers and acquisitions involve a number of risks and challenges, including (1) our ability to achieve planned synergies and to integrate the branches and operations we acquire, and the internal controls and regulatory functions of the acquired entity into our current operations and (2) the diversion of management s attention from existing operations, which may adversely affect our ability to successfully conduct our business and negatively impact our financial results. The building of market share through our branch office strategy, and our ability to achieve profitability on new branch offices, may increase our expenses and negatively affect our earnings. We believe there may be branch expansion opportunities within our market area and adjacent markets, and we may seek to grow our deposit base by adding branches to our existing twelve-branch network. There are considerable costs involved in opening branch offices, especially in light of the capabilities needed to compete in today s environment. Moreover, new branch offices generally require a period of time to generate sufficient revenues to offset their costs, especially in areas in which we do not have an established presence. Accordingly, new branch offices could negatively impact our earnings and may do so for a period of time. Our investments in products and services, and the related personnel required to implement new policies and procedures, take time to earn returns and can be expected to negatively impact our earnings for the foreseeable future. The profitability of any prospective branch expansion will depend on whether the income that we generate from new branch offices will offset the increased expenses resulting from operating these branch offices. Risks Related to Recent Banking Industry Events Financial challenges at other banking institutions could lead to disruptive and destabilizing deposit outflows, as well as an increase in FDIC deposit premiums, which could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. In March 2023, Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank experienced large deposit outflows, coupled with insufficient liquidity to meet withdrawal demands, resulting in the institutions being placed into FDIC receivership. Additionally in May 2023, First Republic Bank experienced similar circumstances which resulted in the institution being placed into FDIC receivership. The placement of these institutions into receivership has resulted in market disruption and increased concerns that diminished depositor confidence across the banking industry in general could lead to deposit outflows that could destabilize other institutions. At June 30, 2023, we had 261.0 million in available liquidity with the FHLB of Pittsburgh and 20.8 million in cash and cash equivalents, which was sufficient to cover 251.7 of our estimated uninsured and uncollateralized deposits, excluding intercompany deposits. Notwithstanding our significant liquidity, large deposit outflows could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Following the placement of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank into FDIC receivership, the federal banking regulators also issued a joint statement providing that the losses to support the uninsured deposits of those banks would be recovered via a special assessment on banks. The prospective special assessment, as well as any future additional special assessments, increases in assessment rates or required prepayments in FDIC insurance premiums, to the extent that they result in increased deposit insurance costs, would reduce our profitability. Insufficient liquidity could impair our ability to fund operations and jeopardize our financial condition, growth and prospects. We require sufficient liquidity to fund loan commitments, satisfy depositor withdrawal requests, make payments on our debt obligations as they become due, and meet other cash commitments. Liquidity risk is the potential that we will be unable to meet our obligations as they become due because of an inability to liquidate assets or obtain adequate funding at a reasonable cost, in a timely manner and without adverse conditions or consequences. Our sources of liquidity consist primarily of cash, assets readily convertible to cash (such as investment securities), increases in deposits, advances, as needed, from the FHLB of Pittsburgh, and other borrowings. Our access to funding sources in amounts adequate to finance our activities or on acceptable terms could be impaired by factors that affect our organization specifically or the financial services industry or economy in general. Any substantial, unexpected, and/or prolonged change in the level or cost of liquidity could impair our ability to fund operations and meet our obligations as they become due and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Related to our Funding and Liquidity We may be required to rely more heavily on wholesale funding strategies for funding and liquidity needs if we are unable to generate core deposits, which could have an adverse effect on our net interest margin and profitability. We must maintain sufficient funds to respond to the needs of depositors and borrowers. Deposits have traditionally been our primary source of funds for use in lending and investment activities. We also receive funds from loan repayments, investment maturities and income on other interest-earning assets. While we emphasize generating transaction accounts, we cannot guarantee if and when this will occur. Moreover, deposit balances can decrease if customers perceive alternative investments as providing a better risk/return tradeoff. If we are not able to maintain our lower-cost transactional deposits at a level necessary to fund our asset growth or deposit outflows, we may be forced seek other sources of funds, including other certificates of deposit, Federal Home Loan Bank advances, and lines of credit to meet the borrowing and deposit withdrawal requirements of our customers, which may be more expensive and have an adverse effect on our net interest margin and profitability. Ineffective liquidity management could adversely affect our financial results and condition. Effective liquidity management is essential for the operation of our business. We require sufficient liquidity to meet customer loan requests, customer deposit maturities/withdrawals, payments on our debt obligations as they come due and other cash commitments under both normal operating conditions and other unpredictable circumstances causing industry or general financial market stress. Our access to funding sources in amounts adequate to finance our activities on terms that are acceptable to us could be impaired by factors that affect us specifically or the financial services industry or economy generally. Factors that could detrimentally impact our access to liquidity sources include a downturn in the geographic markets in which our loans and operations are concentrated or difficult credit markets. Our access to deposits may also be affected by the liquidity needs of our depositors. In particular, a majority of our liabilities are checking accounts and other liquid deposits, which are payable on demand or upon several days notice, while by comparison, a substantial majority of our assets are loans, which cannot be called or sold in the same time frame. Although we have historically been able to replace maturing deposits and advances as necessary, we might not be able to replace such funds in the future, especially if a large number of our depositors seek to withdraw their accounts, regardless of the reason. A failure to maintain adequate liquidity could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. Risks Related to Competitive Matters Strong competition within our market area could hurt our profits and slow our growth. Our profitability depends upon our continued ability to compete successfully in our market area. We face intense competition both in making loans and attracting deposits. We continue to face stiff competition for one- to four-family residential loans from other financial service providers, including large national residential lenders, local community banks and credit unions. Other competitors for one- to four-family residential loans include credit unions and mortgage brokers which keep overhead costs and mortgage rates down by selling loans and not holding or servicing them. Our competitors for commercial real estate loans include other community banks and commercial lenders, some of which are larger than us and have greater resources and lending limits than we have and offer services that we do not provide. Price competition for loans and deposits might result in us earning less on our loans and paying more on our deposits, which reduces net interest income. We expect competition to remain strong in the future. Risks Related to Operational and Regulatory Matters We depend on our management team to implement our business strategy and execute successful operations and we could be harmed by the loss of their services. We depend upon the services of the members of our senior management team who direct our strategy and operations. Our executive officers and lending personnel possess expertise in our markets and key business relationships, and the loss of any one of them could be difficult to replace. Our loss of one or more of these persons, or our inability to hire additional qualified personnel, could impact our ability to implement our business strategy and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and our ability to compete in our markets. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 We are a community bank and our ability to maintain our reputation is critical to the success of our business. The failure to do so may adversely affect our performance. We are a community bank and our reputation is one of the most valuable assets of our business. A key component of our business strategy is to rely on our reputation for customer service and knowledge of local markets to expand our presence by capturing new business opportunities from existing and prospective customers in our market area and contiguous areas. As such, we strive to conduct our business in a manner that enhances our reputation. This is done, in part, by recruiting, hiring and retaining employees who share our core values of being an integral part of the communities we serve, delivering superior service to our customers and caring about our customers. If our reputation is negatively affected by the actions of our employees, by our inability to conduct our operations in a manner that is appealing to current or prospective customers or otherwise, our business and operating results may be materially adversely affected. Threats to our reputation can also come from many sources, including adverse sentiment about financial institutions generally, unethical practices, employee misconduct, failure to deliver minimum standards of service or quality, compliance deficiencies, cybersecurity incidents and questionable or fraudulent activities of our customers. Negative publicity regarding our business, employees, or customers, with or without merit, may result in the loss of customers and employees, costly litigation and increased governmental regulation, any or all of which could adversely affect our business and operating results. We are dependent on our information technology and telecommunications systems and third-party service providers; systems failures, interruptions and cybersecurity breaches could have a material adverse effect on us. Our business is dependent on the successful and uninterrupted functioning of our information technology and telecommunications systems and third-party service providers. The failure of these systems, or the termination of a third-party software license or service agreement on which any of these systems is based, could interrupt our operations. Because our information technology and telecommunications systems interface with and depend on third-party systems, we could experience service denials if demand for such services exceeds capacity or such third-party systems fail or experience interruptions. If significant, sustained or repeated, a system failure or service denial could compromise our ability to operate effectively, damage our reputation, result in a loss of customer business, and/or subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny and possible financial liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on us. Our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer viruses, phishing schemes and other security breaches. We likely will expend additional resources to protect against the threat of such security breaches and computer viruses, or to alleviate problems caused by such security breaches or viruses. To the extent that the activities of our third-party service providers or the activities of our customers involve the storage and transmission of confidential information, security breaches and viruses could expose us to claims, regulatory scrutiny, litigation costs and other possible liabilities. Security breaches and cybersecurity threats could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer. In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including our proprietary business information and that of our customers, suppliers and business partners, as well as personally identifiable information about our customers and employees. The secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this information is critical to our operations and business strategy. We, our customers, and other financial institutions with which we interact, are subject to ongoing, continuous attempts to penetrate key systems by individual hackers, organized criminals, and in some cases, state-sponsored organizations. While we have established policies and procedures to prevent or limit the impact of cyber-attacks, there can be no assurance that such events will not occur or will be adequately addressed if they do. Although we take protective measures, the security of our computer systems, software, and networks may be vulnerable to breaches, unauthorized access, misuse, computer viruses, or other malicious code and cyber-attacks that could have an impact on information security. Because the techniques used to cause security breaches change frequently, we may be unable to proactively address these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. We outsource a majority of our data processing requirements to certain third-party providers and also outsource certain cybersecurity functions, such as penetration testing, to third party service providers. Accordingly, our operations are exposed to the risk that these vendors will not perform in accordance with the contracted arrangements under service agreements. The failure of these service providers to adequately perform such functions could increase our exposure to security breaches and cybersecurity threats. Despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other malicious code and cyber-attacks that could have an impact on information security. Any such breach or attacks could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such unauthorized access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 the privacy of personal information, and regulatory penalties; disrupt our operations and the services we provide to customers; damage our reputation; and cause a loss of confidence in our products and services, all of which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We must keep pace with technological change to remain competitive. Financial products and services have become increasingly technology-driven. Our ability to meet the needs of our customers competitively, and in a cost-efficient manner, is dependent on the ability to keep pace with technological advances and to invest in new technology as it becomes available, as well as related essential personnel. In addition, technology has lowered barriers to entry into the financial services market and made it possible for financial technology companies and other non-bank entities to offer financial products and services traditionally provided by banks. The ability to keep pace with technological change is important, and the failure to do so, due to cost, proficiency or otherwise, could have a material adverse impact on our business and therefore on our financial condition and results of operations. Because the nature of the financial services business involves a high volume of transactions, we face significant operational risks. We operate in diverse markets and rely on the ability of our employees and systems to process a high number of transactions. Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from our operations, including but not limited to, the risk of fraud by employees or outside persons, the execution of unauthorized transactions by employees, errors relating to transaction processing and technology, breaches of our internal control system and compliance requirements, and business continuation and disaster recovery. Insurance coverage may not be available for such losses, or where available, such losses may exceed insurance limits. This risk of loss also includes the potential legal actions that could arise as a result of an operational deficiency or as a result of noncompliance with applicable regulations, adverse business decisions or their implementation, and customer attrition due to potential negative publicity. Although our control testing has not identified any significant deficiencies in our internal control system, a breakdown in our internal control system, improper operation of our systems or improper employee actions could result in material financial loss to us, the imposition of regulatory action, and damage to our reputation. The implementation of the Current Expected Credit Loss accounting standard could require us to increase our allowance for credit losses and may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. ASU 2016-13 replaces the incurred loss model with an expected loss model, which is referred to as the current expected credit loss model, or CECL. ASU 2016-13. We previously elected to defer the adoption of ASU 2016-13 until December 31, 2020, as permitted by the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security CARES Act, and based on legislation enacted in December 2020 which extended certain provision of the CARES Act, we elected to extend adopting of CECL until July 1, 2023 in accordance with the recent legislation. This standard requires earlier recognition of expected credit losses on loans and certain other instruments, compared to the incurred loss model. The change to the CECL framework requires us to greatly increase the data we must collect and review to determine the appropriate level of the allowance for credit losses. The adoption of CECL may result in greater volatility in the level of the allowance for credit losses, depending on various factors and assumptions applied in the model, such as the forecasted economic conditions in the foreseeable future and loan payment behaviors. Any increase in the allowance for credit losses, or expenses incurred to determine the appropriate level of the allowance for credit losses, may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Acts of terrorism and other external events, such as the emergence of a pandemic or health emergency, could impact our business. Financial institutions have been, and continue to be, targets of terrorist threats aimed at compromising operating and communication systems. Such events could cause significant damage, impact the stability of our facilities and result in additional expenses, reduce the demand for financial services, impair the ability of our borrowers to repay their loans, reduce the value of collateral securing repayment of our loans, and result in the loss of revenue. In addition, the emergence of a health emergency, epidemic or pandemic, such as the recent COVID-19 pandemic, could (i) reduce the demand for loans and other financial services, (ii) result in increases in loan delinquencies, problem assets, and foreclosures, (iii) cause the value of collateral for loans, especially real estate, to decline in value, (iv) reduce the availability and productivity of our employees, (v) cause our vendors and counterparties to be unable to meet existing obligations to us, (vi) negatively impact the business and operations of third-party service providers that perform critical services for our business, (vii) cause the value of our securities portfolio to decline, (viii) and cause the net worth and liquidity of loan guarantors to decline, impairing their ability to honor commitments to us. Any one or a combination of the above events could have a material, adverse 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations and financial condition. Regulation of the financial services industry is intense, and we may be adversely affected by changes in laws and regulations. The Bank is subject to extensive government regulation, supervision and examination by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and Securities. In addition, the Company is subject to extensive regulation, supervision and examination by the Federal Reserve Board and the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and Securities. Such regulation, supervision and examination govern the activities in which we may engage, and are intended primarily for the protection of the deposit insurance fund and the Bank s depositors and not for the protection of our stockholders. Federal and state regulatory agencies have the ability to take strong supervisory actions against financial institutions that have experienced increased loan production and losses and other underwriting weaknesses or have compliance weaknesses. These actions include the entering into of formal or informal written agreements and cease and desist orders that place certain limitations on their operations. If we were to become subject to a regulatory action, such action could negatively impact our ability to execute our business plan, and result in operational restrictions, as well as our ability to grow, pay dividends, repurchase stock or engage in mergers and acquisitions. See Regulation Banking Regulation Capital Requirements for a discussion of regulatory capital requirements. We are an emerging growth company, and any decision on our part to comply only with certain reduced reporting and disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies could make our common stock less attractive to investors. The Company is an emerging growth company and, for so long as it continues to be an emerging growth company, the Company may choose to take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies but not to emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As an emerging growth company, the Company is not subject to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, which would require that our independent auditors review and attest as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. We have also elected to use the extended transition period to delay adoption of new or revised accounting pronouncements applicable to public companies until such pronouncements are made applicable to private companies. Accordingly, our financial statements may not be comparable to the financial statements of public companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. The Company will cease to be an emerging growth company upon the earliest of: (1) the end of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the completion of its second-step conversion offering; (2) the first fiscal year after our annual gross revenues are 1.07 billion (adjusted for inflation) or more; (3) the date on which we have, during the previous three-year period, issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities; or (4) the end of any fiscal year in which the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeded 700 million as of the end of the second quarter of that fiscal year. Investors may find our common stock less attractive if we choose to rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result of any choices to reduce future disclosure, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and the price of our common stock may be more volatile. Societal responses to climate change could adversely affect our business and performance, including indirectly through impacts on our customers. Concerns over the long-term impacts of climate change have led and will continue to lead to governmental efforts around the world to mitigate those impacts. Consumers and businesses also may change their behavior as a result of these concerns. We and our customers will need to respond to new laws and regulations as well as consumer and business preferences resulting from climate change concerns. The impact on our customers will likely vary depending on their specific attributes, including reliance on or role in carbon intensive activities. Among the impacts to us could be a drop in demand for our products and services, particularly in certain sectors. In addition, we could face reductions in creditworthiness on the part of some customers or in the value of assets securing loans. Our efforts to take these risks into account in making lending and other decisions, including by increasing our business with climate-friendly companies, may not be effective in protecting us from the negative impact of new laws and regulations or changes in consumer or business behavior. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Related to Accounting Matters Changes in management s estimates and assumptions may have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and our financial condition or operating results. In preparing our consolidated financial statements, our management is and will be required under applicable rules and regulations to make estimates and assumptions as of a specified date. These estimates and assumptions are based on management s best estimates and experience as of that date and are subject to substantial risk and uncertainty. Materially different results may occur as circumstances change and additional information becomes known. Areas requiring significant estimates and assumptions by management include our evaluation of the adequacy of our allowance for loan losses and our determinations with respect to amounts owed for income taxes. Changes in accounting standards could affect reported earnings. The regulatory bodies responsible for establishing accounting standards, including the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission and other regulatory bodies, periodically change the financial accounting and reporting guidance that governs the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. In some cases, we could be required to apply new or revised guidance retroactively. These changes can be hard to predict and can materially impact how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES At June 30, 2023, we conducted business through our administrative headquarters located in Bristol, Pennsylvania and our twelve branch offices located in Bucks and Philadelphia Counties in Pennsylvania and Burlington, Camden and Mercer Counties in New Jersey. At June 30, 2023, we owned six of our branch office locations, leased building space at five of our branch office locations and leased the land at one of our branch office locations. We also lease our administrative headquarters located in Bristol, Pennsylvania and own one additional administrative office located in Camden County, New Jersey. However, we do not currently conduct business operations from this additional administrative office. At June 30, 2023, the total net book value of our land, buildings, furniture, fixtures and equipment was 9.1 million. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, the Company made a strategic decision to close the Bank s branch office located in Collingswood, New Jersey and to consolidate the deposits from this branch office into the Bank s Audubon, New Jersey branch office after assessing the branch s profitability and its close geographic proximity to the Audubon, New Jersey branch location. The branch office located in Collingswood, New Jersey was closed effective December 31, 2022. During the quarter ended June 30, 2023, the Company transferred one property with a total carrying value of 1.1 million as of June 30, 2023 to the held for sale classification. The Company intends to sell this property by December 31, 2023. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS We are involved in routine legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business. Such routine legal proceedings, in the aggregate, are believed by management to be immaterial to our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market Information The common stock of the Company is traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol WMPN. Holders The number of shareholders of record of the Company at September 7, 2023 was 528. Dividends The Company has historically paid dividends to its stockholders. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, the Company paid quarterly dividends of 0.03 per common share for an aggregate of 0.12 per common share. In determining the amount of any future dividends, the board of directors will take into account the Company s financial condition and results of operations, tax considerations, capital requirements and alternative uses for capital, industry standards, and economic conditions. The Company cannot guarantee that it will continue to pay dividends or that, if paid, it will not reduce or eliminate dividends in the future. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans The following table sets forth information regarding outstanding options and shares under the Company s 2022 Equity Incentive Plan at June 30, 2023: 

(a) (b) (c) Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Number of Securities to Weighted-Average Under Equity be Issued Upon Exercise Exercise Price of Compensation Plans of Outstanding Options, Outstanding Options, (Excluding Securities Plan Category Warrants and Rights Warrants and Rights Reflected in Column (a)) Equity compensation plan approved by security holders 1,197,640 11.66 92,908 Equity compensation plan not approved by security holders Total 1,197,640 11.66 92,908 Share Repurchases On March 11, 2022, the Company issued a press release announcing that the Company s Board of Directors had authorized a stock repurchase program to acquire up to 758,528 shares of the Company s outstanding common stock, or approximately 5 of outstanding shares. That stock repurchase program became effective on March 25, 2022. On June 9, 2022, the Company issued a press release announcing that the Company s Board of Directors had authorized a second stock repurchase program to acquire up to 771,445 shares, or approximately 5.0 , of the Company s outstanding stock, commencing upon the completion of the Company s first stock repurchase program. On August 18, 2022, the Company issued a press release announcing that the Company s Board of Directors had authorized a third stock repurchase program to acquire up to 739,385 shares, or approximately 5.0 , of the Company s outstanding common stock, commencing upon the completion of the Company s second stock repurchase program. On February 17, 2023, the Company issued a press release announcing that the Company s Board of Directors had authorized a fourth stock repurchase program to acquire up to 698,312 shares, or approximately 5.0 , of the Company s outstanding common stock, commencing upon the completion of the Company s third stock repurchase program. The Company completed this stock repurchase program on May 31, 2023. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 On May 5, 2023, the Company issued a press release announcing that the Company s Board of Directors had authorized a fifth stock repurchase program to acquire up to 1,281,019 shares, or approximately 10.0 , of the Company s outstanding common stock, commencing upon the completion of the Company s fourth stock repurchase program. The Company completed this stock repurchase program on August 28, 2023. On August 29, 2023, the Company issued a press release announcing that the Company s Board of Directors had authorized a sixth stock repurchase program to acquire up to 1,138,470 shares, or approximately 10.0 , of the Company s outstanding common stock. The sixth stock repurchase program was authorized following the completion of the Company s fifth stock repurchase program on August 28, 2023. As of September 7, 2023, there were 891,170 shares remaining to be repurchased under the Company s sixth repurchase program. Each of the Company s stock repurchase programs was adopted following the Company s consultation with the Federal Reserve Board. The following table provides information on repurchases by the Company of its common stock under the Company s Board approved programs during the quarter ended June 30, 2023. 

Total Number of Maximum Number Shares Purchased of Shares that May Total Number as Part of Publicly Yet Be Purchased of Shares Average Price Announced Plans Under the Plans Period Purchased Paid Per Share or Programs or Programs April 1 - 30, 2023 598,224 10.78 598,224 245,645 May 1 - 31, 2023 262,531 9.94 246,301 1,280,363 June 1 - 30, 2023 212,145 10.00 212,145 1,068,218 Total 1,072,900 10.42 1,056,670 ITEM 6. RESERVED ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Forward-Looking Statements Statements contained in this report that are not historical facts may constitute forward-looking statements (within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), which involve significant risks and uncertainties. The Company intends such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and is including this statement for purposes of invoking these safe harbor provisions. Forward-looking statements, which are based on certain assumptions and describe future plans, strategies and expectations of the Company, are generally identifiable by the use of the words believe, expect, intend, anticipate, estimate, project, plan, or similar expressions. The Company s ability to predict results or the actual effect of future plans or strategies is inherently uncertain and actual results may differ from those predicted. The Company undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements in the future. The Company cautions readers of this report that a number of important factors could cause the Company s actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from those predicted and could affect the future prospects of the Company include, but are not limited to: (i) general economic conditions, either nationally or in our market area, that are worse than expected; (ii) changes in the interest rate environment that reduce our interest margins, reduce the fair value of financial instruments or reduce the demand for our loan products; (iii) increased competitive pressures among financial services companies; (iv) changes in consumer spending, borrowing and savings habits; (v) changes in the quality and composition of our loan or investment portfolios; (vi) changes in real estate market values in our market area; (vii) decreased demand for loan products, deposit flows, competition, or decreased demand for financial services in our market area; (viii) major catastrophes such as earthquakes, floods or other natural or human disasters and infectious disease outbreaks, such as the recent COVID-19 pandemic, the related disruption to local, regional and global economic activity and financial markets, and the impact that any of the foregoing may have on us and our customers and other constituencies; (ix) legislative or regulatory changes that adversely affect our business or changes in the monetary and fiscal policies of the U.S. government, including policies of the U.S. Treasury and the Federal Reserve Board; (x) technological changes that may be more difficult or expensive than expected; (xi) success or consummation of new business initiatives may be more difficult or expensive than expected; (xii) our ability to successfully execute our business plan and strategies and integrate the business operations of acquired businesses into our business operations (xiii) our ability to manage market risk, credit risk and operational risk in the current economic environment; (xiv) adverse changes in the securities markets; (xv) the inability of third party 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 service providers to perform; and (xvi) changes in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by bank regulatory agencies or the Financial Accounting Standards Board. Overview Our results of operations depend primarily on our net interest income. Net interest income is the difference between the interest income we earn on our interest-earning assets, consisting primarily of loans, investment securities, including mortgage-backed securities, and other interest-earning assets (primarily cash and cash equivalents), and the interest we pay on our interest-bearing liabilities, consisting primarily of interest-bearing checking accounts, money market accounts, statement savings accounts, individual retirement accounts, certificates of deposit and advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh. Our results of operations also are affected by our provisions for loan losses, noninterest income and noninterest expense. Noninterest income currently consists primarily of service fees, service charges, earnings on bank-owned life insurance, net gains on the sale of investment securities, net gains on the sale of other real estate owned and unrealized gains or losses on equity securities. Noninterest expense currently consists primarily of salaries and employee benefits, occupancy and equipment, data processing and professional fees. Our results of operations also may be affected significantly by general and local economic and competitive conditions, changes in market interest rates, governmental policies, and actions of regulatory authorities. Business Strategy The Company is focused on serving the financial needs of consumers and businesses in our primary markets of Southeastern Pennsylvania and Southern and Central New Jersey. Through our wholly owned bank subsidiary, William Penn Bank, we deliver a comprehensive range of traditional depository and lending products, online banking services, and cash management tools for small businesses. Our business strategy is to continue to operate and grow a profitable community-oriented financial institution. We plan to achieve this by executing our strategy of: Continuing to emphasize our established relationship-based banking business model. Our primary strategic objective is to further our relationship-based business model that emphasizes securing strong, long-lasting customer relationships. We employa group of talented employees with relationships in retail, commercial, and small business banking that assist us in our efforts to build relationships and enhance the William Penn brand. We believe that customer satisfaction is a key to sustainable growth and profitability. While continually striving to ensure that our products and services meet our customers needs, we also encourage our employees to focus on providing personal service and attentiveness to our customers in a proactive manner. We believe that many opportunities remain to deliver what our customers want in the form of exceptional service and convenience, and we intend to continue to focus our operating strategy on taking advantage of these opportunities. Consistent with this strategy, in fiscal 2022 we began offering private banking services that provide high net worth clients a primary point of contact that is dedicated to their personal and business financial needs. Focusing on our commercial lending activities while also maintaining our residential portfolio. At June 30, 2023, 203.9 million, or 42.4 , of our total loan portfolio was secured by commercial non-residential real estate, multi-family real estate, commercial construction and land, and commercial business loans, compared to 120.4 million, or 25.9 , of our loan portfolio at June 30, 2021. During the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, we originated 51.5 million and 95.7 million, respectively, of commercial loans and we intend to continue to increase our commercial lending activities, particularly with respect to commercial real estate, multi-family residential and commercial business loans, in the future. We believe the recent expansion of our multi-family residential and commercial real estate lending activities has helped to diversify our balance sheet and increase our presence in our market area. We have added experienced commercial lending personnel and enhanced our infrastructure in order to implement this component of our business strategy. At June 30, 2023, 135.0 million, or 28.1 , of our total loan portfolio was secured by owner-occupied one- to four-family residential real estate loans and we intend to continue to offer this type of lending in the future. We believe there are opportunities to increase our residential mortgage lending in our market area, and we intend to take advantage of these opportunities through our existing lending staff and residential mortgage origination channels. We believe that strong asset quality is a key to long-term financial success, and we have sought to maintain a high level of asset quality and mitigate credit risk by using conservative underwriting standards for all of our residential and commercial lending products, combined with diligent monitoring and collection efforts. We will continue to seek commercial and residential lending opportunities in our market area that will further our business strategy and that are also consistent with our conservative underwriting standards. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 Continuing to invest in our facilities and expand our branch network through de novo branching. We have been enhancing and optimizing both our facilities and branch network in recent years. We have consolidated most of our non-branch operations into one location located in Bristol, Pennsylvania that opened in November 2019 and we have consolidated our loan origination and servicing administration operations into one location located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania that we acquired in connection with our recent acquisition of Washington Savings Bank. Effective June 30, 2022, we consolidated three existing Bank branches into one branch based on branch deposit levels and the close geographic proximity of the three consolidating branches. In addition, effective December 31, 2022, we consolidated two existing Bank branches into one branch based on branch deposit levels and the close geographic proximity of the two consolidating branches. In the future, we may consider branch expansion opportunities within our market area and adjacent markets, and we may seek to grow our deposit base by adding branches to our existing twelve-branch network. We opened a new branch office in Yardley, Pennsylvania in March 2021, a new branch office in Doylestown, Pennsylvania in September 2021 and a new branch office in Hamilton Township, New Jersey in December 2021. We will consider opening additional new branches in desirable locations in attractive growth markets. Improving our technology platform. We are committed to building a technology platform that enables us to deliver best-in-class products and services to our customers and is also scalable to accommodate our long-term growth plans. To accomplish this objective, we have made and are continuing to make substantial investments in our information technology infrastructure, including data backup, security, accessibility, integration, business continuity, website development, online and mobile banking technologies, cash management technology and internal/external ease of use. We continue to develop new strategies for streamlining internal and external practices using technology such as online account opening, an online education center, and remote appointments. Employing a stockholder-focused management of capital. Maintaining a strong capital base is critical to support our long-range business plan. We intend to continue to manage our capital position through the growth of assets, as well as the utilization of appropriate capital management tools, consistent with applicable regulations and policies, and subject to market conditions. Under current federal regulations, subject to limited exceptions, we were not able to repurchase shares of our common stock during the first year following the completion of our second-step conversion offering, which occurred on March 24, 2021. On March 11, 2022, the Company issued a press release announcing that the Company s Board of Directors had authorized a stock repurchase program to acquire up to 758,528 shares of the Company s outstanding common stock, or approximately 5 of outstanding shares. The stock repurchase program became effective on March 25, 2022. On June 9, 2022, the Company issued a press release announcing that the Company s Board of Directors had authorized a second stock repurchase program to acquire up to 771,445 shares, or approximately 5.0 , of the Company s outstanding stock, commencing upon the completion of the Company s first stock repurchase program. On August 18, 2022, the Company issued a press release announcing that the Company s Board of Directors had authorized a third stock repurchase program to acquire up to 739,385 shares, or approximately 5.0 , of the Company s outstanding common stock, commencing upon the completion of the Company s second stock repurchase program. On February 17, 2023, the Company issued a press release announcing that the Company s Board of Directors had authorized a fourth stock repurchase program to acquire up to 698,312 shares, or approximately 5.0 , of the Company s outstanding common stock, commencing upon the completion of the Company s third stock repurchase program. The Company completed this stock repurchase program on May 31, 2023. On May 5, 2023, the Company issued a press release announcing that the Company s Board of Directors had authorized a fifth stock repurchase program to acquire up to 1,281,019 shares, or approximately 10.0 , of the Company s outstanding common stock, commencing upon the completion of the Company s fourth stock repurchase program and, on August 29, 2023, the Company issued a press release announcing that the Company s Board of Directors had authorized a sixth stock repurchase program to acquire up to 1,138,470 shares, or approximately 10.0 , of the Company s outstanding common stock. The sixth repurchase program was authorized following the completion of the Company s fifth stock repurchase program on August 28, 2023. As of September 7, 2023, there were 891,170 shares remaining to be repurchased under the Company s sixth repurchase program. On July 21, 2021, the Company declared a one-time special dividend of 0.30 per common share, payable August 18, 2021, to common shareholders of record at the close of business on August 2, 2021. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, the Company paid regular cash dividends of 0.06 per common share, including dividends of 0.03 per common share for the quarters ended March 31, 2022 and June 30, 2022, but did not pay regular cash dividends during the quarters ended September 30, 2021 and December 31, 2022. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, the Company paid regular cash dividends totalling an aggregate of 0.12 per common share, consisting of quarterly cash dividends of 0.03 per common share for the quarters ended September 30, 2022, December 31, 2022, March 31, 2023 and June 30, 2023. As previously disclosed, the Company s Board of Directors had declared a cash dividend of 0.03 per share, that was paid on August 10, 2023, to common shareholders of record at the close of business on July 31, 2023. In determining 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 the amount of any future dividends, the board of directors will take into account the Company s financial condition and results of operations, tax considerations, capital requirements and alternative uses for capital, industry standards, and economic conditions. The Company cannot guarantee that it will continue to pay dividends or that, if paid, it will not reduce or eliminate dividends in the future. Critical Accounting Policies We consider accounting policies involving significant judgments and assumptions by management that have, or could have, a material impact on the carrying value of certain assets or on income to be critical accounting policies. We consider these accounting policies to be our critical accounting policies. The judgments and assumptions we use are based on historical experience and other factors, which we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ from these judgments and estimates under different conditions, resulting in a change that could have a material impact on the carrying values of our assets and liabilities and our results of operations. Allowance for Loan Losses We consider the allowance for loan and losses to be a critical accounting policy. The allowance for loan losses is determined by management based upon portfolio segments, past historical experience, evaluation of estimated losses and impairment in the loan portfolio, current economic conditions, and other pertinent factors. Management also considers risk characteristics by portfolio segments including, but not limited to, renewals and real estate valuations. The allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level that management considers adequate to provide for estimated losses and impairment based upon an evaluation of known and inherent risk in the loan portfolio. Loan impairment is evaluated based on the fair value of collateral or present value of expected cash flows. While management uses the best information available to make such evaluations, future adjustments to the allowance may be necessary if economic conditions differ substantially from the assumptions used in making the evaluations. The allowance for loan and lease losses is established through a provision for loan losses charged to expense, which is based upon past loan loss experience and an evaluation of estimated losses in the current loan portfolio, including the evaluation of impaired loans. Determining the amount of the allowance for loan losses necessarily involves a high degree of judgment. Among the material estimates required to establish the allowance are: overall economic conditions; value of collateral; strength of guarantors; loss exposure at default; the amount and timing of future cash flows on impaired loans; and determination of loss factors to be applied to the various segments of the portfolio. All of these estimates are susceptible to significant change. Management regularly reviews the level of loss experience, current economic conditions and other factors related to the collectability of the loan portfolio. Although we believe that we use the best information available to establish the allowance for loan losses, future adjustments to the allowance may be necessary if economic conditions differ substantially from the assumptions used in making the evaluation. In addition, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and Securities, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review our allowance for loan losses. Our financial results are affected by the changes in and the level of the allowance for loan losses. This process involves our analysis of complex internal and external variables, and it requires that we exercise judgment to estimate an appropriate allowance for loan losses. As a result of the uncertainty associated with this subjectivity, we cannot assure the precision of the amount reserved, should we experience sizeable loan losses in any particular period. For example, changes in the financial condition of individual borrowers, economic conditions, or the condition of various markets in which collateral may be sold could require us to significantly decrease or increase the level of the allowance for loan losses. Such an adjustment could materially affect net income as a result of the change in provision for loan losses. For example, a change in the estimate resulting in a 10 to 20 difference in the allowance would have resulted in an additional provision for loan losses of 331 thousand to 663 thousand for the year ended June 30, 2023. We also have approximately 4.2 million as of June 30, 2023 in non-performing assets consisting of non-performing loans and other real estate owned. Most of these assets are collateral dependent loans where we have incurred credit losses to write the assets down to their current appraised value less selling costs. We continue to assess the realizability of these loans and update our appraisals on these loans each year. To the extent the property values continue to decline, there could be additional losses on these non-performing loans which may be material. For example, a 10 decrease in the collateral value supporting the non-performing loans could result in additional credit losses of 417 thousand. In recent periods, we experienced steady asset quality metrics including low levels of delinquencies, net charge-offs and non-performing assets. Management considered market conditions in deriving the estimated allowance for loan losses; however, given the continued economic difficulties and uncertainties and the COVID-19 pandemic, the ultimate amount of loss could vary from that estimate. In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13: Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. Topic 326 amends guidance on reporting credit losses for assets held at amortized cost basis and available for sale debt securities. For assets held at amortized cost basis, Topic 326 eliminates the probable initial recognition threshold in current 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 GAAP and, instead, requires an entity to reflect its current estimate of all expected credit losses. This update affects entities holding financial assets and net investment in leases that are not accounted for at fair value through net income. The amendments affect loans, debt securities, trade receivables, net investments in leases, off balance sheet credit exposures, reinsurance receivables, and any other financial assets not excluded from the scope that have the contractual right to receive cash. The amendments in this update were effective for us on July 1, 2023. The Company adopted this guidance using the modified retrospective approach for all financial assets measured at amortized cost, including loans, available-for-sale debt securities and unfunded commitments. On July 1, 2023, the Company recorded a cumulative effect decrease to retained earnings of 187 thousand related to loans and 39 thousand related to unfunded commitments. The Company determined that there was no impact to retained earnings related to available-for-sale debt securities as a result of adopting this guidance. Goodwill The acquisition method of accounting for business combinations requires us to record assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and consideration paid at their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. The excess of consideration paid (or the fair value of the equity of the acquiree) over the fair value of net assets acquired represents goodwill. Goodwill totaled 4.9 million at June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022. Goodwill and other indefinite lived intangible assets are not amortized on a recurring basis, but rather are subject to periodic impairment testing. The provisions of Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 350 allow an entity to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the two-step quantitative goodwill impairment test. The Company performs its annual impairment evaluation on June 30 or more frequently if events and circumstances indicate that the fair value of the banking unit is less than its carrying value. During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company included considerations of the current economic environment in its evaluation, and determined that it is not more likely than not that the carrying value of goodwill is impaired. No goodwill impairment exists during the year ended June 30, 2023. Income Taxes We are subject to the income tax laws of the various jurisdictions where we conduct business and estimate income tax expense based on amounts expected to be owed to these various tax jurisdictions. The estimated income tax expense (benefit) is reported in the consolidated statements of income. The evaluation pertaining to the tax expense and related tax asset and liability balances involves a high degree of judgment and subjectivity around the ultimate measurement and resolution of these matters. Accrued taxes represent the net estimated amount due to or to be received from tax jurisdictions either currently or in the future and are reported in other assets on our consolidated statements of financial condition. We assess the appropriate tax treatment of transactions and filing positions after considering statutes, regulations, judicial precedent and other pertinent information and maintain tax accruals consistent with our evaluation. Changes in the estimate of accrued taxes occur periodically due to changes in tax rates, interpretations of tax laws, the status of examinations by the tax authorities and newly enacted statutory, judicial and regulatory guidance that could impact the relative merits of tax positions. These changes, when they occur, impact accrued taxes and can materially affect our operating results. We regularly evaluate our uncertain tax positions and estimate the appropriate level of reserves related to each of these positions. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, we had net deferred tax assets totaling 9.5 million and 7.5 million, respectively. We use the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. If currently available information raises doubt as to the realization of the deferred tax assets, a valuation allowance is established. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. We exercise significant judgment in evaluating the amount and timing of recognition of the resulting tax assets and liabilities. These judgments require us to make projections of future taxable income. Management believes, based upon current facts, that it is more likely than not that there will be sufficient taxable income in future years to realize the deferred tax assets. The judgments and estimates we make in determining our deferred tax assets are inherently subjective and are reviewed on a continual basis as regulatory and business factors change. Any reduction in estimated future taxable income may require us to record a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets. A valuation allowance that results in additional income tax expense in the period in which it is recognized would negatively affect earnings. Our net deferred tax assets were determined based on the current enacted federal tax rate of 21 . Any possible future reduction in federal tax rates, would reduce the value of our net deferred tax assets and result in immediate write-down of the net deferred tax assets though our statement of operations, the effect of which would be material. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 Balance Sheet Analysis Comparison of Financial Condition at June 30, 2023 and 2022 Total assets decreased 32.4 million, or 3.7 , to 847.6 million at June 30, 2023, from 880.0 million at June 30, 2022, primarily due to a 15.4 million decrease in cash and cash equivalents and a 20.7 million decrease in investments, partially offset by a 2.0 million increase in net loans. The Company used 26.7 million of cash during the year ended June 30, 2023 to repurchase shares of stock under its previously announced stock repurchase programs. Cash and cash equivalents decreased 15.4 million, or 42.5 , to 20.8 million at June 30, 2023, from 36.2 million at June 30, 2022. The decrease in cash and cash equivalents was primarily due to the repurchase of 2,429,765 shares at a total cost of 27.1 million during the year ended June 30, 2023. Investments Our investment portfolio consists primarily of corporate bonds with maturities of five to ten years, municipal securities with maturities of five to more than ten years and mortgage-backed securities issued by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or Ginnie Mae with stated final maturities of 30 years or less. Total investments decreased 20.7 million, or 7.2 , to 266.4 million at June 30, 2023, from 287.1 million at June 30, 2022. The decrease in investments was primarily due to a 10.4 million increase in the gross unrealized loss on available for sale securities, as well as principal paydowns of the securities included in the available for sale and held to maturity portfolios. The increase in the gross unrealized loss on available for sale securities is due to current interest rate levels relative to the Company s cost and not credit quality. The Company remains focused on maintaining a high-quality investment portfolio that provides a steady stream of cash flows both in the current and in rising interest rate environments. The following table sets forth the amortized cost and fair value of investment securities at the dates indicated: 

At June 30, 2023 2022 Amortized Fair Amortized Fair (Dollars in thousands) Cost Value Cost Value Securities available for sale: Mortgage-backed securities 124,252 106,756 130,146 117,506 U.S. agency collateralized mortgage obligations 10,074 8,292 11,001 9,709 U.S. government agency securities 3,881 3,932 5,082 5,038 Municipal bonds 20,081 14,979 20,160 15,642 Corporate bonds 37,200 31,168 36,300 34,850 Total securities available for sale 195,488 165,127 202,689 182,745 Securities held to maturity: Mortgage-backed securities 94,648 77,373 102,135 88,321 U.S. government agency securities 4,982 4,880 Municipal bonds 60 60 Total securities held to maturity 99,690 82,313 102,135 88,321 Total investment securities 295,178 247,440 304,824 271,066 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 The following tables set forth the stated maturities and weighted average yields of investment securities at June 30, 2023. The weighted average yield is calculated by dividing income, which has not been tax effected on tax-exempt obligations, within each contractual maturity range by the outstanding amount of the related investment. Certain securities have adjustable interest rates and will reprice monthly, quarterly, semi-annually or annually within the various maturity ranges. The table presents contractual maturities for mortgage-backed securities and does not reflect repricing or the effect of prepayments. More than More than One One Year to Five Years to More than Year or Less Five Years Ten Years Ten Years Total Weighted Weighted Weighted Weighted Weighted June 30, 2023 Carrying Average Carrying Average Carrying Average Carrying Average Carrying Average (Dollars in thousands) Value Yield Value Yield Value Yield Value Yield Value Yield Securities available for sale: Mortgage-backed securities 106,756 2.32 106,756 2.32 U.S. agency collateralized mortgage obligations 8,292 1.34 8,292 1.34 U.S. government agency securities 19 3.53 905 7.03 3,008 6.55 3,932 6.64 Municipal bonds 2,864 1.64 12,115 1.97 14,979 1.91 Corporate bonds 31,168 4.07 31,168 4.07 Total securities available for sale 19 3.53 34,937 3.93 130,171 2.30 165,127 2.65 Securities held to maturity: Mortgage-backed securities 94,648 1.59 94,648 1.59 U.S. agency collateralized mortgage obligations 492 4.62 4,490 3.33 4,982 3.46 Municipal bonds 60 3.92 60 3.92 Total securities held to maturity 552 4.55 4,490 3.33 94,648 1.59 99,690 1.68 Total investment securities 552 4.55 4,509 3.33 34,937 3.93 224,819 2.03 264,817 2.32 Loans Our loan portfolio consists primarily of one-to four-family residential mortgage loans, one-to four-family commercial real estate investor loans and non-residential commercial real estate loans. Our loan portfolio also consists of residential construction, home equity and lines of credit, multi-family residential real estate, commercial, construction and consumer loans. Net loans increased 2.0 million, or 0.4 , to 477.5 million at June 30, 2023, from 475.5 million at June 30, 2022. During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company originated 64.4 million of new loans, including 51.5 million of commercial loans. The Company maintains conservative lending practices and is focused on lending to borrowers with high credit quality within its market footprint. The following table shows the loan portfolio at the dates indicated: 

At June 30, 2023 2022 (Dollars in thousands) Amount Percent Amount Percent Residential real estate loans: One- to four-family 135,046 28.08 147,143 30.72 Home equity and HELOCs 32,684 6.79 32,590 6.80 Residential construction 9,113 1.90 14,778 3.09 Total residential real estate loans 176,843 36.77 194,511 40.61 Commercial real estate loans: One- to four-family investor 98,160 20.41 96,508 20.15 Multi-family 15,281 3.18 13,015 2.72 Commercial non-residential 157,555 32.77 158,294 33.05 Commercial construction and land 15,584 3.24 4,942 1.03 Total commercial real estate loans 286,580 59.60 272,759 56.95 Commercial loans 15,433 3.21 9,411 1.97 Consumer loans 2,000 0.42 2,239 0.47 Total loans 480,856 100.00 478,920 100.00 Allowance for loan losses (3,313) (3,409) Loans, net 477,543 475,511 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 The following table sets forth certain information at June 30, 2023 regarding the dollar amount of loan principal repayments becoming due during the periods indicated. The table below does not include any estimate of prepayments which significantly shorten the average life of all loans and may cause our actual repayment experience to differ from that shown below. Demand loans having no stated schedule of repayments and no stated maturity are reported as due in one year or less. Home One- to Equity One- to Commercial Commercial June 30, 2023 Four-Family and Residential Four-Family Multi- Non- Construction Total (Dollars in thousands) Residential HELOCs Construction Investor Family Residential and Land Commercial Consumer Loans Amounts due in: One year or less 201 1,976 4,196 3,268 324 6,557 7,480 464 24,466 More than 1 5 years 4,729 3,667 4,917 9,284 454 15,332 15,584 1,427 101 55,495 More than 5 15 years 44,313 13,525 44,505 3,764 96,581 6,526 365 209,579 More than 15 years 85,803 13,516 41,103 10,739 39,085 1,070 191,316 Total 135,046 32,684 9,113 98,160 15,281 157,555 15,584 15,433 2,000 480,856 The following table sets forth all loans at June 30, 2023 that are due after June 30, 2024 and have either fixed interest rates or floating or adjustable interest rates: 

Due After June 30, 2024 At June 30, 2023 Floating or (Dollars in thousands) Fixed Rates Adjustable Rates Total Residential real estate loans: One- to four-family 109,247 25,598 134,845 Home equity and HELOCs 10,999 19,709 30,708 Residential construction 4,917 4,917 Commercial real estate loans: One- to four-family investor 28,066 66,826 94,892 Multi-family 3,091 11,866 14,957 Commercial non-residential 27,220 123,778 150,998 Commercial construction and land 2,146 13,438 15,584 Commercial loans 1,841 6,112 7,953 Consumer loans 206 1,330 1,536 Total 182,816 273,574 456,390 Premises and equipment, net During the three months ended September 30, 2022, the Company made a strategic decision to close the Bank s branch office located in Collingswood, New Jersey and to consolidate the deposits from this branch office into the Bank s Audubon, New Jersey branch office after assessing the branch s profitability and its close geographic proximity to the Audubon, New Jersey branch location. The branch office located in Collingswood, New Jersey was closed effective December 31, 2022. During the quarter ended June 30, 2023, the Company transferred one property with a total carrying value of 1.1 million as of June 30, 2023 to the held for sale classification. The Company intends to sell this property by December 31, 2023. Deposits Deposits are a major source of our funds for lending and other investment purposes, and our deposits are provided primarily by individuals within our market area. Deposits increased 28.7 million, or 4.7 , to 635.3 million at June 30, 2023, from 606.6 million at June 30, 2022. The increase in deposits was primarily due to a 36.7 million increase in money market accounts and a 28.0 million increase in time deposit accounts, partially offset by a 15.2 million decrease in savings accounts, a 14.3 million decrease in non-interest bearing checking accounts and a 6.0 million decrease in interest bearing checking accounts. The interest rate environment has created a highly competitive market for deposits. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 The following table sets forth the deposits as a percentage of total deposits for the dates indicated: 

At June 30, 2023 2022 Percent of Percent of Total Total (Dollars in thousands) Amount Deposits Amount Deposits Non-interest bearing checking 60,872 9.58 75,758 12.50 Interest bearing checking 116,700 18.37 122,675 20.22 Money market accounts 208,020 32.75 171,316 28.24 Savings and club accounts 90,291 14.21 105,507 17.39 Certificates of deposit 159,377 25.09 131,361 21.65 Total 635,260 100.00 606,617 100.00 The following table sets forth the maturity of the portion of our certificates of deposit that are in excess of the 250,000 Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insurance limit as of June 30, 2023: 

June 30, 2023 Certificates (Dollars in thousands) of Deposit Maturity Period: Three months or less 4,064 Over three through six months 8,483 Over six through twelve months 1,622 Over twelve months 3,638 Total 17,807 Excluding intercompany deposits, the estimated amount of total uninsured and uncollateralized deposits as of June 30, 2023 was 138.0 million compared to 134.1 million as of June 30, 2022. The following table sets forth the deposit activity for the periods indicated: 

Year Ended June 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2023 2022 Beginning balance 606,617 553,103 Increase before interest credited 23,186 51,767 Interest credited 5,457 1,747 Net increase in deposits 28,643 53,514 Ending balance 635,260 606,617 The following table sets forth the average balances and weighted average rates of our deposit products for the periods indicated: 

Year Ended June 30, 2023 2022 Average Weighted Average Average Weighted Average Balance Percent Cost Balance Percent Cost Non-interest bearing checking accounts 61,144 9.90 55,806 9.53 Interest-bearing checking accounts 127,294 20.61 0.40 115,753 19.77 0.06 Money market deposit accounts 190,421 30.82 1.61 166,195 28.39 0.34 Savings and club accounts 97,831 15.84 0.08 104,010 17.76 0.07 Certificates of deposit 141,047 22.83 1.28 143,756 24.55 0.72 Total 617,737 100.00 0.88 585,520 100.00 0.30 Borrowings Borrowings decreased 31.0 million, or 47.7 , to 34.0 million at June 30, 2023, from 65.0 million at June 30, 2022. During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company used cash from the increase in deposits to pay off a portion of short-term borrowings. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 The following table sets forth the outstanding borrowings and weighted averages at the dates or for the periods indicated. We did not have any outstanding borrowings other than Federal Home Loan Bank advances for any of the periods presented. 

At or For the Year Ended June 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2023 2022 Maximum amount outstanding at any month-end during period: Federal Home Loan Bank advances 65,000 65,000 Atlantic Community Bankers Bank overnight borrowings Average outstanding balance during period: Federal Home Loan Bank advances 46,938 31,644 Atlantic Community Bankers Bank overnight borrowings 4 20 Weighted average interest rate during period: Federal Home Loan Bank advances 3.96 2.43 Atlantic Community Bankers Bank overnight borrowings 4.55 0.50 Balance outstanding at end of period: Federal Home Loan Bank advances 34,000 65,000 Atlantic Community Bankers Bank overnight borrowings Weighted average interest rate at end of period: Federal Home Loan Bank advances 5.35 1.73 Atlantic Community Bankers Bank overnight borrowings Stockholders Equity Stockholders equity decreased 31.6 million, or 16.4 , to 160.7 million at June 30, 2023, from 192.3 million at June 30, 2022. The decrease in stockholders equity was primarily due to the repurchase of 2,429,765 shares at a total cost of 27.1 million during the year ended June 30, 2023, as well as the payment of a 0.03 per share quarterly cash dividend in August 2022, November 2022, February 2023 and May 2023 totaling 1.6 million, and an 8.0 million increase in the accumulated other comprehensive loss component of equity related to the unrealized loss on available for sale securities. These decreases to stockholders equity were partially offset by 2.8 million of net income during the year ended June 30, 2023. Results of Operations for the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 Summary The following table sets forth the income summary for the periods indicated: 

Year Ended June 30, Change 2023/2022 (Dollars in thousands) 2023 2022 Net interest income 23,071 22,984 87 0.38 Provision (recovery) for loan losses (20) 20 100.00 Non-interest income 1,950 2,075 (125) (6.02) Non-interest expenses 22,019 20,274 1,745 8.61 Income tax expense 200 568 (368) (64.79) Net income 2,802 4,237 (1,435) (33.87) Return on average assets (annualized) 0.33 0.51 Core return on average assets (1) (non-GAAP) (annualized) 0.32 0.50 Return on average equity (annualized) 1.56 2.00 Core return on average equity (1) (non-GAAP) (annualized) 1.54 1.98 

 (1) Core return on average assets and core return on average equity are non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures, see Non-GAAP Financial Information. 

 39 

Table of Contents 
 General We recorded net income of 2.8 million, or 0.22 per basic and diluted share, for the year ended June 30, 2023 compared to net income of 4.2 million, or 0.30 per basic and diluted share, for the year ended June 30, 2022. We recorded core net income 1 of 2.8 million, or 0.22 per basic and diluted share, for the year ended June 30, 2023 compared to core net income (1) of 4.2 million, or 0.29 per basic and diluted share, for the year ended June 30, 2022. Net Interest Income For the year ended June 30, 2023, net interest income was 23.1 million, an increase of 87 thousand, or 0.4 , from the year ended June 30, 2022. The increase in net interest income was primarily due to an increase in interest income on loans and investments, partially offset by an increase in interest expense on deposits and borrowings. The net interest margin measured 2.97 for the year ended June 30, 2023, compared to 3.02 for the year ended June 30, 2022. The decrease in the net interest margin during the year ended June 30, 2023, compared to the same period in 2022 was primarily due to an increase in the average balance of deposits and borrowings and the rise in interest rates that caused an increase in the cost of borrowings and deposits, partially offset by an improvement in asset mix during the year ended June 30, 2023, including a 62.4 million decrease in the average balance of other interest-earnings assets, including cash, and a 22.6 million increase in the average balance of net loans. Provision for Loan Losses During the year ended June 30, 2023, we did not record a provision for loan losses due to improved asset quality metrics and continued low levels of net charge-offs and non-performing assets. During the year ended June 30, 2023, we received payments from borrowers for full satisfaction of four non-performing loans with a total carrying value of 3.4 million. The payoff of these non-performing loans contributed to a significant reduction in our non-performing assets and the Company s ratio of non-performing assets to total assets decreased to 0.49 as of June 30, 2023 from 0.74 as of June 30, 2022. The provision for loan losses was a 20 thousand net recovery during the year ended June 30, 2022. The credit to the provision for the year ended June 30, 2022 was primarily due to continued stable asset quality metrics, including continued low levels of net charge-offs and non-performing assets. Our allowance for loan losses totaled 3.3 million, or 0.69 of total loans and 0.86 of total loans, excluding acquired loans (2) , as of June 30, 2023, compared to 3.4 million, or 0.71 of total loans and 0.94 of total loans, excluding acquired loans (2) , as of June 30, 2022. As of June 30, 2023, management believes that the allowance is maintained at a level that represents its best estimate of inherent losses in the loan portfolio that were both probable and reasonably estimable at such date. Management uses available information to establish the appropriate level of the allowance for loan losses. Future additions or reductions to the allowance may be necessary based on estimates that are susceptible to change as a result of changes in economic conditions and other factors. As a result, our allowance for loan losses may not be sufficient to cover actual loan losses, and future provisions for loan losses could materially adversely affect our operating results. In addition, various regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review our allowance for loan losses. Non-Interest Income The following table sets forth a summary of non-interest income for the periods indicated: 

Year Ended June 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2023 2022 Service fees 843 863 Net gain on sale of other real estate owned 18 Net gain on sale of securities 62 Earnings on bank-owned life insurance 1,106 1,038 Net gain on disposition of premises and equipment 398 (7) Unrealized loss on equity securities (629) (242) Other 232 343 Total 1,950 2,075 
 1 Core net income is a non-GAAP financial measure. For a reconciliation of this non-GAAP measure, see Non-GAAP Financial Information. (2) The ratio of the allowance for loan losses to total loans, excluding acquired loans, is a non-GAAP financial measure. For a reconciliation of this non-GAAP measure, see Non-GAAP Financial Information. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 For the year ended June 30, 2023, non-interest income totaled 2.0 million, a decrease of 125 thousand, or 6.0 , from the year ended June 30, 2022. The decrease was primarily due to a 387 thousand increase in the unrealized loss on equity securities and a decrease in rental income consistent with the sale of properties during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. These decreases to non-interest income were partially offset by a 398 thousand net gain on the sale of premises and equipment primarily associated with the sale of three properties securities with a total carrying value of 1.9 million recorded during the year ended June 30, 2023. Non-Interest Expense The following table sets forth an analysis of non-interest expense for the periods indicated: 

Year Ended June 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2023 2022 Salaries and employee benefits 12,785 11,482 Occupancy and equipment 3,258 2,759 Data processing 1,836 1,744 Professional fees 906 1,154 Amortization of intangible assets 193 225 Gain on lease abandonment (117) Prepayment penalties 460 Other 3,041 2,567 Total 22,019 20,274 For the year ended June 30, 2023, non-interest expense totaled 22.0 million, an increase of 1.7 million, or 8.6 , from the year ended June 30, 2022. The increase in non-interest expense was primarily due to a 1.3 million increase in salaries and employee benefits due to annual merit increases and a 1.2 million increase in employee stock-based compensation expense associated with the Company s 2022 Equity Incentive Plan. The increase in non-interest expense can also be attributed to a 499 thousand increase in occupancy and equipment expense associated with new branch locations in Doylestown, Pennsylvania and Hamilton Township, New Jersey that were opened during the quarter ended December 31, 2021. In addition, the increase in non-interest expense was due to a 414 thousand increase in director stock-based compensation expense associated with the Company s 2022 Equity Incentive Plan. These increases to non-interest expense were partially offset by 460 thousand of prepayment penalties associated with the prepayment of advances from the FHLB of Pittsburgh during the year ended June 30, 2022 and a 248 thousand decrease in professional fees primarily due to a decrease in legal expenses. Income Taxes For the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company recorded a provision for income taxes of 200 thousand, reflecting an effective tax rate of 6.7 , compared to a provision for income taxes of 568 thousand, reflecting an effective tax rate of 11.8 , for the same period in 2022. The provision for income taxes and the effective tax rate for the year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 were impacted by a 211 thousand and a 288 thousand income tax benefit related to refunds received associated with the carryback of net operating losses under the CARES Act during the year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 Average Balances and Yields The following tables present information regarding average balances of assets and liabilities, the total dollar amounts of interest income and dividends from average interest-earning assets, the total dollar amounts of interest expense on average interest-bearing liabilities, and the resulting annualized average yields and costs. The yields and costs for the periods indicated are derived by dividing income or expense by the average daily balances of assets or liabilities, respectively, for the periods presented. Loan fees, including prepayment fees, are included in interest income on loans and are not material. Non-accrual loans are included in the average balances only. Any adjustments necessary to present yields on a tax equivalent basis are insignificant. 

Year Ended June 30, 2023 2022 Average Interest and Yield/ Average Interest and Yield/ (Dollars in thousands) Balance Dividends Cost Balance Dividends Cost Interest-earning assets: Loans (1) 483,802 22,942 4.74 461,160 20,693 4.49 Investment securities (2) 278,373 6,780 2.44 221,885 4,555 2.05 Other interest-earning assets 15,515 664 4.28 77,902 250 0.32 Total interest-earning assets 777,690 30,386 3.91 760,947 25,498 3.35 Non-interest-earning assets 82,589 77,017 Total assets 860,279 837,964 Interest-bearing liabilities: Interest-bearing checking accounts 127,294 515 0.40 115,753 73 0.06 Money market deposit accounts 190,421 3,057 1.61 166,195 562 0.34 Savings and club accounts 97,831 78 0.08 104,010 72 0.07 Certificates of deposit 141,047 1,806 1.28 143,756 1,037 0.72 Total interest-bearing deposits 556,593 5,456 0.98 529,714 1,744 0.33 FHLB advances and other borrowings 46,942 1,859 3.96 31,664 770 2.43 Total interest-bearing liabilities 603,535 7,315 1.21 561,378 2,514 0.45 Non-interest-bearing liabilities: Non-interest-bearing deposits 61,144 55,806 Other non-interest-bearing liabilities 15,758 8,489 Total liabilities 680,437 625,673 Total stockholders equity 179,842 212,291 Total liabilities and equity 860,279 837,964 Net interest income 23,071 22,984 Interest rate spread (3) 2.70 2.90 Net interest-earning assets (4) 174,155 199,569 Net interest margin (5) 2.97 3.02 Ratio of interest-earning assets to interest-bearing liabilities 128.86 135.55 

 (1) Includes nonaccrual loan balances and interest, if any, recognized on such loans. (2) Includes securities available for sale and securities held to maturity. (3) Net interest rate spread represents the difference between the yield on average interest-earning assets and the cost of average interest-bearing liabilities. (4) Net interest-earning assets represents total interest-earning assets less total interest-bearing liabilities. (5) Net interest margin represents net interest income divided by average total interest-earning assets. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 Rate/Volume Analysis The following table sets forth the effects of changing rates and volumes on our net interest income. The rate column shows the effects attributable to changes in rate (changes in rate multiplied by prior volume). The volume column shows the effects attributable to changes in volume (changes in volume multiplied by current rate). The total column represents the sum of the prior columns. For purposes of this table, changes attributable to both rate and volume which cannot be segregated, have been allocated proportionately based on the changes due to rate and the changes due to volume. 

Year Ended 6/30/2023 Compared to Year Ended 6/30/2022 Increase (Decrease) Due to (Dollars in thousands) Volume Rate Total Interest income: Loans 648 1,601 2,249 Investment securities 1,967 258 2,225 Other interest-earning assets (351) 765 414 Total interest-earning assets 2,264 2,624 4,888 Interest expense: Interest-bearing checking accounts 7 435 442 Money market deposit accounts 69 2,426 2,495 Savings and club accounts (4) 10 6 Certificates of deposit (20) 789 769 Total interest-bearing deposits 52 3,660 3,712 FHLB advances and other borrowings 372 717 1,089 Total interest-bearing liabilities 424 4,377 4,801 Net change in net interest income 1,840 (1,753) 87 Risk Management General Managing risk is an essential part of successfully managing a financial institution. Our most prominent risk exposures are credit risk, interest rate risk and market risk. Credit risk is the risk of not collecting the interest and/or the principal balance of a loan or investment when it is due. Interest rate risk is the potential reduction of net interest income as a result of changes in interest rates. Market risk arises from fluctuations in interest rates that may result in changes in the values of financial instruments, such as available for sale securities that are accounted for at fair value. Other risks that we face are operational risk, liquidity risk and reputation risk. Operational risk includes risks related to fraud, regulatory compliance, processing errors, technology, and disaster recovery. Liquidity risk is the possible inability to fund obligations to depositors, lenders or borrowers. Reputation risk is the risk that negative publicity or press, whether true or not, could cause a decline in our customer base or revenue. Management of Credit Risk The objective of our credit risk management strategy is to quantify and manage credit risk and to limit the risk of loss resulting from an individual customer default. Our credit risk management strategy focuses on conservatism, diversification within the loan portfolio and significant levels of monitoring. Our lending practices include conservative exposure limits and underwriting, extensive documentation and collection standards. Our credit risk management strategy also emphasizes diversification on both an industry and customer level as well as regular credit examinations and management reviews of large credit exposures and credits experiencing deterioration of credit quality. Classified Assets Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation regulations and our Asset Classification Policy provide that loans and other assets considered to be of lesser quality be classified as substandard, doubtful or loss assets. An asset is considered substandard if it is inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Substandard assets include those characterized by the distinct possibility that the institution will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. Assets classified as doubtful have all of the weaknesses inherent in those classified as substandard, with the added characteristic that the 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 weaknesses present make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions and values, highly questionable and improbable. Assets classified as loss are those considered uncollectible and of such little value that their continuance as assets without the establishment of a specific loss reserve is not warranted. We classify an asset as special mention if the asset has a potential weakness that warrants management s escalated level of attention. While such assets are not impaired, management has concluded that if the potential weakness in the asset is not addressed, the value of the asset may deteriorate, adversely affecting the repayment of the asset. Loans classified as impaired for financial reporting purposes are generally those loans classified as substandard or doubtful for regulatory reporting purposes. An insured institution is required to establish allowances for loan losses in an amount deemed prudent by management for loans classified as substandard or doubtful, as well as for other problem loans. General allowances represent loss allowances which have been established to recognize the inherent losses associated with lending activities, but which, unlike specific allowances, have not been allocated to particular problem assets. When an insured institution classifies problem assets as loss, it is required to charge off such amounts. An institution s determination as to the classification of its assets and the amount of its valuation allowances is subject to review by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and Securities. The following table sets forth information with respect to our non-performing assets at the dates indicated. 

At June 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2023 2022 Non-accrual loans: Residential real estate loans: One- to four-family 2,090 4,781 Home equity and HELOCs 341 Residential construction Total residential real estate loans 2,090 5,122 Commercial real estate loans: One- to four-family investor 832 106 Multi-family 251 291 Commercial non-residential 778 875 Commercial construction and land Total commercial real estate loans 1,861 1,272 Commercial loans Consumer loans 82 117 Total non-accrual loans 4,033 6,511 Accruing loans past due 90 days or more: Residential real estate loans: One- to four-family Home equity and HELOCs Residential construction Total residential real estate loans Commercial real estate loans: Multi-family Commercial non-residential Commercial construction and land. Total commercial real estate loans Commercial loans Consumer loans Total accruing loans past due 90 days or more Total non-performing loans 4,033 6,511 Real estate owned Total non-performing assets 4,033 6,511 Total non-performing loans to total loans 0.84 1.36 Total non-performing assets to total assets 0.49 0.74 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, nonperforming assets decreased 35.9 to 4.2 million from 6.5 million as of June 30, 2022. During the year ended June 30, 2023, we received payments from borrowers for full satisfaction of four non-performing loans with a total carrying value of 3.4 million. The payoff of these non-performing loans contributed to a significant reduction in our non-performing assets and the Company s ratio of non-performing assets to total assets decreased to 0.49 as of June 30, 2023 from 0.74 as of June 30, 2022. Total nonperforming loans consisted of 30 loans to 27 unrelated borrowers as of June 30, 2023, as compared to 37 loans to 36 unrelated borrowers at June 30, 2022. Interest income on non-performing loans would have increased by approximately 192 thousand and 275 thousand during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, if these loans had performed in accordance with their terms during the respective periods. There were no loans greater than 90 days delinquent that remained on accrual status as of June 30, 2023 and 2022. There are circumstances when foreclosure and liquidations are the remedy pursued. However, from time to time, as part of our loss mitigation strategy, we may renegotiate the loan terms i.e. , interest rate, structure, repayment term, etc.) based on the economic or legal reasons related to the borrower s financial difficulties. We had no new troubled debt restructurings TDRs during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. TDRs are initially considered to be nonperforming and are placed on non-accrual, except for those that have established a sufficient performance history (generally a minimum of six consecutive months of performance) under the terms of the restructured loan. Impaired loans at June 30, 2023 and 2022 included 182 thousand and 593 thousand of performing loans whose terms have been modified in troubled debt restructurings, respectively. The amount of TDR loans included in impaired loans decreased as a result principal payments and pay-offs. These restructured loans are being monitored by management and are performing in accordance with their restructured terms. At June 30, 2023, none of our 30 substandard loans with an aggregate balance of 4.0 million were considered TDRs and were included in nonperforming assets. At June 30, 2022, none of our 38 substandard loans with an aggregate balance of 6.5 million were considered TDRs and were included in nonperforming assets. The following table provides information about delinquencies in our loan portfolio at the dates indicated: 

At June 30, 2023 2022 Days Past Due Days Past Due (Dollars in thousands) 30-59 60-89 90 or more 30-59 60-89 90 or more Residential real estate loans: One- to four-family 290 457 567 1,528 622 2,392 Home equity and HELOCs 19 183 Residential construction Commercial real estate loans: One- to four-family investor 752 Multi-family 251 Commercial non-residential 322 778 275 494 418 Commercial construction and land Commercial loans Consumer loans 13 27 Total 541 1,544 1,345 1,849 1,116 2,993 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 The following table summarizes classified and criticized assets of all portfolio types at the dates indicated: 

At June 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2023 2022 Classified loans: Substandard 4,033 6,549 Doubtful Loss Total classified loans 4,033 6,549 Special mention 1,231 1,773 Total criticized loans (1) 5,264 8,322 

 (1) Criticized residential real estate and consumer loans include all residential real estate and consumer loans that were on non-accrual status and all residential and consumer loans that were greater than 90 days delinquent on the dates presented. On the basis of management s review of its assets, at June 30, 2023 and 2022, we classified 1.2 million and 1.8 million, respectively, of our assets as special mention and 4.0 million and 6.5 million, respectively, of our assets as substandard. We classified none of our assets as doubtful or loss at June 30, 2023 or at June 30, 2022. The loan portfolio is reviewed on a regular basis to determine whether any loans require classification in accordance with applicable regulations. Not all classified assets constitute nonperforming assets. Allowance for Loan Losses Our allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level necessary to absorb loan losses which are both probable and reasonably estimable. Management, in determining the allowance for loan losses, considers the losses inherent in its loan portfolio and changes in the nature and volume of loan activities, along with the general economic and real estate market conditions. We utilize a two-tier approach: (1) identification of impaired loans and establishment of specific loss allowances on such loans; and (2) establishment of general valuation allowances on the remainder of our loan portfolio. We maintain a loan review system, which provides for periodic reviews of our loan portfolio, which increases the probability that we will be able to obtain the early identification of potential impaired loans. Such system takes into consideration, among other things, delinquency status, size of loans, type and market value of collateral and financial condition of the borrowers. Specific loan loss allowances are established for identified losses based on a review of such information. A loan evaluated for impairment is considered to be impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that we will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. All loans identified as impaired are evaluated independently. We do not aggregate such loans for evaluation purposes. Loan impairment is measured based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate or, as a practical expedient, at the loan s observable market price or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. The interest on these impaired loans is accounted for on the cash-basis or cost-recovery method, until qualifying for return to accrual status. Should full collection of principle be expected, cash collected on nonaccrual loans can be recognized as interest income. The general component consists of quantitative and qualitative factors and covers non-impaired loans. The quantitative factors are based on historical loss experience adjusted for qualitative factors. For all loans other than performing credits acquired in a business combination, the historical loss experience is determined by portfolio segment and is based on the actual loss history experienced by us or industry loss history experienced by peer banks in our market area using the most recent twelve quarters. This actual and industry loss experience is supplemented with other qualitative factors based on the risks present for each portfolio segment. These qualitative factors include consideration of the following: levels of trends in delinquencies and impaired loans; levels of trends in charge-offs and recoveries; trends in volume and terms of loans; effects of any changes in risk selection and underwriting standards; other changes in lending policies, procedures and practices; experience, ability and depth of lending management and other relevant staff; 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 national and local economic trends and conditions; industry conditions; and effects of changes in credit concentrations. The allowance is increased through provisions charged against current earnings and offset by recoveries of previously charged-off loans. Loans which are determined to be uncollectible are charged against the allowance. Management uses available information to recognize probable and reasonably estimable loan losses, but future loss provisions may be necessary based on changing economic conditions and other factors. The allowance for loan losses as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 was maintained at a level that represents management s best estimate of losses inherent in the loan portfolio at such dates, and such losses were both probable and reasonably estimable. In addition, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and Securities, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review our allowance for loan losses. Each quarter, management evaluates the total balance of the allowance for loan losses based on several factors that are not loan specific but are reflective of the inherent losses in the loan portfolio. This process includes, but is not limited to, a periodic review of loan collectability in light of historical experience, the nature and volume of loan activity, conditions that may affect the ability of the borrower to repay, underlying value of collateral, if applicable, and economic conditions in our market areas. First, we group loans by delinquency status. All loans 90 days or more delinquent and all loans classified as substandard or doubtful are evaluated individually, based primarily on the value of the collateral securing the loan. Specific loss allowances are established as required by this analysis. All loans for which a specific loss allowance has not been assigned are segregated by type and delinquency status and a loss allowance is established by using loss experience data and management s judgment concerning other matters it considers relevant. The allowance is allocated to each category of loan based on the results of the above analysis. This analysis process is inherently subjective, as it requires us to make estimates that are susceptible to revisions as more information becomes available. Although we believe that we have established the allowance at a level to absorb probable and estimable losses, additions may be necessary if economic or other conditions in the future differ from the current environment. The following table sets forth the breakdown of the allowance for loan losses by loan category at the dates indicated: 

At June 30, 2023 2022 of of Allowance of Allowance of Amount to Allowance Amount to Allowance Total to Loans in Total to Loans in (Dollars in thousands) Amount Allowance Category Amount Allowance Category Residential real estate loans: One- to four-family 486 14.67 0.36 506 14.84 0.34 Home equity and HELOCs 113 3.42 0.35 113 3.32 0.35 Residential construction 214 6.46 2.35 386 11.32 2.60 Commercial real estate loans: One- to four-family investor 569 17.17 0.58 527 15.46 0.54 Multi-family 89 2.69 0.58 110 3.23 0.84 Commercial non-residential 1,420 42.85 0.90 1,451 42.56 0.91 Commercial construction and land 281 8.48 1.80 166 4.87 3.35 Commercial loans 82 2.48 0.53 100 2.93 1.06 Consumer loans 59 1.78 2.95 50 1.47 2.23 Total allowance for loan losses 3,313 100.00 0.69 3,409 100.00 0.71 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 The following table sets forth an analysis of the activity in the allowance for loan losses for the periods indicated: 

At or For the Year Ended June 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2023 2022 Allowance at beginning of period 3,409 3,613 (Recovery) provision for loan losses (20) Charge-offs: Residential real estate loans: One- to four-family (79) (154) Home equity and HELOCs Residential construction Total residential real estate loans (79) (154) Commercial real estate loans: One- to four-family investor (55) Multi-family Commercial non-residential Commercial construction and land Total commercial real estate loans (55) Commercial loans Consumer loans (32) (29) Total charge-offs (111) (238) Recoveries: Residential real estate loans: One- to four-family Home equity and HELOCs 8 Residential construction Total residential real estate loans 8 Commercial real estate loans: One- to four-family investor 42 Multi-family Commercial non-residential Commercial construction and land Total commercial real estate loans 42 Commercial loans Consumer loans 15 4 Total recoveries 15 54 Net (charge-offs) recoveries (96) (184) Allowance at end of period 3,313 3,409 Total loans (1) 480,856 478,920 Average loans outstanding 483,802 461,160 Ratio of allowance to non-accruing loans 82.15 52.36 Ratio of allowance to total loans 0.69 0.71 Ratio of net (charge-offs) recoveries to average loans One- to four-family (0.06) (0.10) Home equity and HELOCs 0.02 Residential construction One- to four-family investor (0.01) Multi-family Commercial non-residential - Commercial construction and land Commercial loans Consumer loans (0.80) (0.91) Total ratio of net (charge-offs) recoveries to average loans (0.02) (0.04) 

 The allowance for loan losses decreased 96 thousand to 3.3 million at June 30, 2023 from 3.4 million at June 30, 2022. During the year ended June 30, 2023, the changes in the provision for loan losses for each category of loan type were primarily due to fluctuations in the outstanding balance of each category of loans collectively evaluated for impairment. The overall decrease in the allowance can be primarily attributed to improved asset quality metrics, including continued low levels of net charge-offs and non-performing assets. The allowance for loan losses decreased 204 thousand to 3.4 million at June 30, 2022 from 3.6 million at June 30, 2021. During the year ended June 30, 2022, the changes in the provision for loan losses for each category of loan type were primarily due to fluctuations in the outstanding balance of each category of loans collectively evaluated for impairment. The overall decrease in the allowance can be primarily attributed to stable asset quality metrics, including continued low levels of net charge-offs and non-performing assets, as well as a reduction of the adjustments to qualitative factors related to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 Impaired loans were 3.3 million and 5.3 million with no specific valuation allowance necessary at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The 3.3 million and 5.3 million of impaired loans at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, do not include 72 thousand and 156 thousand, respectively, of loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality, which have been recorded at their fair value at acquisition under FASB ASC 310-30. Interest Rate Risk Management Interest rate risk is defined as the exposure to current and future earnings and capital that arises from adverse movements in interest rates. Depending on a bank s asset/liability structure, adverse movements in interest rates could be either rising or falling interest rates. For example, a bank with predominantly long-term fixed-rate assets and short-term liabilities could have an adverse earnings exposure to a rising rate environment. Conversely, a short-term or variable-rate asset base funded by longer term liabilities could be negatively affected by falling rates. This is referred to as re-pricing or maturity mismatch risk. Interest rate risk also arises from changes in the slope of the yield curve (yield curve risk), from imperfect correlations in the adjustment of rates earned and paid on different instruments with otherwise similar re-pricing characteristics (basis risk), and from interest rate related options embedded in our assets and liabilities (option risk). Our objective is to manage our interest rate risk by determining whether a given movement in interest rates affects our net interest income and the market value of our portfolio equity in a positive or negative way and to execute strategies to maintain interest rate risk within established limits. The results at June 30, 2023 indicate a level of risk within the parameters of our model. Our management believes that the June 30, 2023 results indicate a profile that reflects interest rate risk exposures in both rising and declining rate environments for both net interest income and economic value. Model Simulation Analysis. We view interest rate risk from two different perspectives. The traditional accounting perspective, which defines and measures interest rate risk as the change in net interest income and earnings caused by a change in interest rates, provides the best view of short-term interest rate risk exposure. We also view interest rate risk from an economic perspective, which defines and measures interest rate risk as the change in the market value of portfolio equity caused by changes in the values of assets and liabilities, which fluctuate due to changes in interest rates. The market value of portfolio equity, also referred to as the economic value of equity, is defined as the present value of future cash flows from existing assets, minus the present value of future cash flows from existing liabilities. These two perspectives give rise to income simulation and economic value simulation, each of which presents a unique picture of our risk of any movement in interest rates. Income simulation identifies the timing and magnitude of changes in income resulting from changes in prevailing interest rates over a short-term time horizon (usually one or two years). Economic value simulation reflects the interest rate sensitivity of assets and liabilities in a more comprehensive fashion, reflecting all future time periods. It can identify the quantity of interest rate risk as a function of the changes in the economic values of assets and liabilities, and the corresponding change in the economic value of equity of the Bank. Both types of simulation assist in identifying, measuring, monitoring and controlling interest rate risk and are employed by management to ensure that variations in interest rate risk exposure will be maintained within policy guidelines. We produce these simulation reports and discuss them with our management Asset and Liability Committee and Director Risk Committee on at least a quarterly basis. The simulation reports compare baseline (no interest rate change) to the results of an interest rate shock, to illustrate the specific impact of the interest rate scenario tested on income and equity. The model, which incorporates all asset and liability rate information, simulates the effect of various interest rate movements on income and equity value. The reports identify and measure our interest rate risk exposure present in our current asset/liability structure. Management considers both a static (current position) and dynamic (forecast changes in volume) analysis as well as non-parallel and gradual changes in interest rates and the yield curve in assessing interest rate exposures. If the results produce quantifiable interest rate risk exposure beyond our limits, then the testing will have served as a monitoring mechanism to allow us to initiate asset/liability strategies designed to reduce and therefore mitigate interest rate risk. The table below sets forth an approximation of our interest rate risk exposure. The simulation uses projected repricing of assets and liabilities at June 30, 2023. The income simulation analysis presented represents a one-year impact of the interest scenario assuming a static balance sheet. Various assumptions are made regarding the prepayment speed and optionality of loans, investment securities and deposits, which are based on analysis and market information. The assumptions regarding optionality, such as prepayments of loans and the effective lives and repricing of non-maturity deposit products, are documented periodically through evaluation of current market conditions and historical correlations to our specific asset and liability products under varying interest rate scenarios. Because the prospective effects of hypothetical interest rate changes are based on a number of assumptions, these computations should not be relied upon as indicative 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 of actual results. While we believe such assumptions to be reasonable, assumed prepayment rates may not approximate actual future prepayment activity on mortgage-backed securities or agency issued collateralized obligations (secured by one- to four-family loans and multifamily loans). Further, the computation does not reflect any actions that management may undertake in response to changes in interest rates and assumes a constant asset base. Management periodically reviews the rate assumptions based on existing and projected economic conditions and consults with industry experts to validate our model and simulation results. The table below sets forth, as of June 30, 2023, the Company s net portfolio value, the estimated changes in our net portfolio value and net interest income that would result from the designated instantaneous parallel changes in market interest rates. 

Twelve Month Net Interest Net Portfolio Income Value Percent Estimated Percent Change in Interest Rates (Basis Points) of Change NPV of Change +200 (11.64) 169,560 (6.72) +100 (5.76) 175,500 (3.45) 0 181,774 -100 3.82 186,084 2.37 -200 7.39 189,927 4.49 As of June 30, 2023, based on the scenarios above, net interest income would decrease by approximately 5.76 to 11.64 in a rising interest rate environment. One-year net interest income would increase by approximately 3.82 and 7.39 in a declining interest rate environment. Economic value at risk would be negatively impacted by a rise in interest rates and positively impacted by a decline in interest rates. We have established an interest rate floor of zero percent for measuring interest rate risk. Liquidity and Capital Resources We maintain liquid assets at levels we believe are adequate to meet our liquidity needs. The Bank s liquidity ratio was 40.8 as of June 30, 2023 compared to 44.1 as of June 30, 2022. We adjust our liquidity levels to fund deposit outflows, pay real estate taxes on mortgage loans, repay our borrowings, and to fund loan commitments. We also adjust liquidity as appropriate to meet asset and liability management objectives. Our liquidity ratio is calculated as the sum of total cash and cash equivalents and unencumbered investments securities divided by the sum of total deposits and advances from the FHLB of Pittsburgh and other liabilities. The Bank maintains a liquidity ratio policy that requires this metric to be above 10.0 to provide for the effective management of extension risk and other interest rate risks. Our primary sources of liquidity are deposits, amortization and prepayment of loans and mortgage-backed securities, maturities of investment securities, other short-term investments, earnings, and funds provided from operations. While scheduled principal repayments on loans and mortgage-backed securities are a relatively predictable source of funds, deposit flows and loan prepayments are greatly influenced by market interest rates, economic conditions, and rates offered by our competition. We set the interest rates on our deposits to maintain a desired level of total deposits. In addition, we invest excess funds in short-term interest-earning assets, which provide liquidity to meet lending requirements. Our cash flows are derived from operating activities, investing activities and financing activities as reported in our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows included with the Consolidated Financial Statements. Our primary investing activities are the origination of one- to four-family, non-residential and multi-family real estate and other loans, including loans originated for sale, and the purchase of investment securities. For the year ended June 30, 2023, our net increase in loans (originations in excess of principal payments and payoffs) totaled 2.0 million compared to 14.3 million for the year ended June 30, 2022. For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, we did not purchase any loans. We did not sell any loans during the year ended June 30, 2023. We sold two loans for 274 thousand during the year ended June 30, 2022. Cash received from the sales, calls, maturities and pay-downs on securities totaled 19.0 million and 23.0 million for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. We purchased 9.8 million and 207.4 million of securities during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Deposit flows are generally affected by the level of interest rates we offer, the interest rates and products offered by local competitors, and other factors. Total deposits increased 28.6 million during the year ended June 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in money market accounts and non-core time deposits. The significant rise in interest rates during the Company s fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 created a highly competitive market for deposits and created a shift in our depositors preference to these products. Total deposits increased 53.5 million during the year ended June 30, 2022 primarily due to an 82.5 million increase in core deposits primarily due to branch expansion, partially offset by a 29.0 million decrease in non-core time deposits. The decrease in time deposits was consistent with the planned run-off associated with our re-pricing of higher-cost, non-relationship-based deposit accounts. Liquidity management is both a daily and long-term function of business management. If we require funds beyond our ability to generate them internally, borrowing agreements exist with the FHLB of Pittsburgh to provide advances. As a member of the FHLB of Pittsburgh, we are required to own capital stock in the FHLB of Pittsburgh and are authorized to apply for advances on the security of such stock and certain of our mortgage loans and other assets (principally securities which are obligations of, or guaranteed by, the United States), provided certain standards related to credit-worthiness have been met. We had an available borrowing limit of 295.0 million and 292.7 million from the FHLB of Pittsburgh as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. There were 34.0 million and 65.0 million, respectively, of FHLB advances outstanding at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. At June 30, 2023, we had outstanding commitments to originate loans of 6.9 million, unfunded commitments under lines of credit of 75.4 million and 86 thousand of standby letters of credit. At June 30, 2023, certificates of deposit scheduled to mature in less than one year totaled 121.7 million. Based on prior experience, management believes that a significant portion of such deposits will remain with us, although there can be no assurance that this will be the case. In the event a significant portion of our deposits are not retained by us, we will have to utilize other funding sources, such as FHLB advances, in order to maintain our level of assets. Alternatively, we could reduce our level of liquid assets, such as our cash and cash equivalents. In addition, the cost of such deposits may be significantly higher if market interest rates are higher at the time of renewal. The Company is a separate legal entity from the Bank and must provide for its own liquidity. In addition to its operating expenses, the Company is responsible for paying any dividends declared to its stockholders, interest and principal on outstanding debt, if any, and for stock repurchases under the Company s previously announced stock repurchase programs. The Company s primary source of income is dividends received from the Bank. At June 30, 2023, the Company had liquid assets of 15.7 million. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, we did not engage in any off-balance sheet transactions reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash-flows. Recent Accounting Pronouncements For a discussion of the impact of recent accounting pronouncements, see Note 2 to the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company. Impact of Inflation and Changing Prices The consolidated financial statements and related notes of the Company have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, which generally requires the measurement of financial position and operating results in terms of historical dollars without consideration for changes in the relative purchasing power of money over time due to inflation. The impact of inflation is reflected in the increased cost of our operations. Unlike industrial companies, our assets and liabilities are primarily monetary in nature. As a result, changes in market interest rates have a greater impact on performance than the effects of inflation. Non-GAAP Financial Information We prepare our financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. To supplement our financial information presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP, we provide the non-GAAP financial measures discussed below which are used to evaluate our performance and exclude the effects of certain transactions and one-time events that we believe are unrelated to our core business and not necessarily indicative of our current performance or financial position. Management believes excluding these items facilitates greater visibility into our core businesses and underlying trends that may, to some extent, be obscured by inclusion of such items. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 Core Net Income, Core Return on Average Assets, and Core Return on Average Equity Core net income excludes certain pre-tax adjustments and the tax impact of such adjustments, and income tax benefits. Core return on average assets and core return on average equity represent our core net income divided by average assets and average equity, respectively. Management believes that the presentation of these non-GAAP measures assists investors in understanding the impact of non-recurring items on our net income and return on average assets and our return on average equity ratios. The following table provides a reconciliation of our core net income and our core return on average assets and core return on average equity ratios for each of the periods where these non-GAAP measures are presented: 

For the Year Ended June 30, 2023 2022 Calculation of core net income, core return on average assets, and core return on average equity Net income (GAAP) 2,802 4,237 Less pre-tax adjustments: Net gain on sale of other real estate owned - (18) Net gain on sale of securities - (62) Net (gain) loss on disposition of premises and equipment (398) 7 Unrealized loss on equity securities 629 242 Gain on lease abandonment - (117) Prepayment penalties - 460 Real estate tax adjustment - (192) Tax impact of pre-tax adjustments (53) (74) Income tax benefit adjustment (211) (288) Core net income (non-GAAP) 2,769 4,195 Basic average common shares outstanding 12,661,882 14,255,901 Diluted average common shares outstanding 12,692,614 14,259,369 Basic and diluted earnings per share (GAAP) 0.22 0.30 Basic and diluted core earnings per share (non-GAAP) 0.22 0.29 Average assets 860,279 837,964 Return on average assets (GAAP) 0.33 0.51 Core return on average assets (non-GAAP) 0.32 0.50 Average equity 179,842 212,291 Return on average equity (GAAP) 1.56 2.00 Core return on average equity (non-GAAP) 1.54 1.98 Allowance for Loan Losses to Total Loans (Excluding Acquired Loans) Allowance for loan losses to total loans (excluding acquired loans) represents our allowance for loan losses divided by our adjusted loan balance (adjusted by the exclusion of acquired loans). Management believes that the presentation of this non-GAAP measure assists investors in understanding the impact of acquired loans on our allowance for loan losses to total loans ratio. The following table provides a reconciliation of our allowance for loan losses to total loans ratio (excluding acquired loans) for each of the periods where this non-GAAP measure is presented: 

For the Year Ended June 30, 2023 2022 Calculation of the ratio of the allowance for loan losses to total loans, excluding acquired loans: Gross loans receivable 480,856 478,920 Less: Loans acquired in a business combination 97,592 118,111 Gross loans receivable, excluding acquired loans (non-GAAP) 383,264 360,809 Allowance for loan losses 3,313 3,409 Allowance for loan losses to total loans (GAAP) 0.69 0.71 Allowance for loan losses to total loans, excluding acquired loans (non-GAAP) 0.86 0.94 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the section captioned Management s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA The information required by this item is included herein beginning on page F-1. ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE Not applicable. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure (1) that information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms; and (2) that they are alerted in a timely manner about material information relating to the Company required to be filed in its periodic Securities and Exchange Commission filings. Evulation of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The internal control process has been designed under our supervision to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company s financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, utilizing the framework established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this assessment, management has determined that the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023 were effective. Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that accurately and fairly reflect, in reasonable detail, transactions and dispositions of assets; and provide reasonable assurances that: (1) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States; (2) receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the directors of the Company; and (3) unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the Company s financial statements are prevented or timely detected. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting During the quarter or year ended June 30, 2023, there were no changes in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal controls over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not applicable. PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The Information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference from the discussion responsive thereto under Item 1: Business Executive Officers in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and under the headings Proposal 1 Election of Directors , , and Corporate Governance in our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Proxy Statement ). Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For information regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the section captioned Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance in the Proxy Statement. Code of Ethics and Business Conduct The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct that is designed to ensure that the Company s directors and employees meet the highest standards of ethical conduct. The Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, which applies to all employees and directors, addresses conflicts of interest, the treatment of confidential information, general employee conduct and compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations. In addition, the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct is designed to deter wrongdoing and promote honest and ethical conduct, the avoidance of conflicts of interest, full and accurate disclosure and compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations. A copy of the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct is available in the Corporate Governance portion of the Investor Relations section of our website (www.williampenn.bank). ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference from the discussion responsive thereto under the headings Executive Compensation and Director Compensation in the Proxy Statement. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management Information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the section captioned Stock Ownership in the Proxy Statement. Changes in Control Management of the Company knows of no arrangements, including any pledge by any person or securities of the Company the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the registrant. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference from the discussion responsive thereto under the heading Policies and Procedures for Approval of Related Persons Transactions, Transactions with Related Persons and Corporate Governance in the Proxy Statement. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference from the discussion responsive thereto under the heading Proposal 2 Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in the Proxy Statement. PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (1) The financial statements required in response to this item are incorporated herein by reference from Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. (2) All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not required or applicable, or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto. (3) Exhibits 

Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of William Penn Bancorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to William Penn Bancorporation s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-249492)) 3.2 Bylaws of William Penn Bancorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to William Penn Bancorporation s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-249492)) 4.1 Specimen Stock Certificate of William Penn Bancorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.0 to William Penn Bancorporation s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-249492)) 4.2 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 10.1 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between William Penn Bancorporation, William Penn Bank and Kenneth J. Stephon (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to William Penn Bancorporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Year Ended June 30, 2022 filed with the SEC on September 8, 2022 (File No. 001-40255)) 10.2 Change in Control Agreement by and between William Penn Bancorporation, William Penn Bank and Jeannine Cimino (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to William Penn Bancorporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Year Ended June 30, 2022 filed with the SEC on September 8, 2022 (File No. 001-40255)) 10.3 Change in Control Agreement by and between William Penn Bancorporation, William Penn Bank and Amy Hannigan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to William Penn Bancorporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Year Ended June 30, 2022 filed with the SEC on September 8, 2022 (File No. 001-40255)) 10.4 Change in Control Agreement by and between William Penn Bancorporation, William Penn Bank and Jonathan Logan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to William Penn Bancorporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Year Ended June 30, 2022 filed with the SEC on September 8, 2022 (File No. 001-40255)) 10.5 Change in Control Agreement by and between William Penn Bancorporation, William Penn Bank and Alan Turner (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to William Penn Bancorporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Year Ended June 30, 2022 filed with the SEC on September 8, 2022 (File No. 001-40255)) 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 10.6 William Penn Bank Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to William Penn Bancorporation s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-249492)) 10.7 William Penn Bank Directors Consultation and Retirement Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to William Penn Bancorporation s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-249492)) 10.8 William Penn Bancorporation 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Appendix A to William Penn Bancorporation s Definitive Proxy Materials on Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on March 25, 2022 (File No. 001-40255) 10.9 Agreement by and between William Penn, MHC, William Penn Bancorp, Inc., William Penn Bank, William Penn Bancorporation (formerly WPH Holding Company) and Tyndall Capital Partners LP and Jeffrey S. Halis (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to William Penn Bancorporation s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-249492)) 21.0 List of Subsidiaries 23.1 Consent of S.R. Snodgrass, P.C. 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer of William Penn Bancorporation 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer of William Penn Bancorporation 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of William Penn Bancorporation Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of William Penn Bancorporation Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101.0 The following materials from the Company s Annual Report to Stockholders on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023, formatted in Inline XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Financial Condition, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholder s Equity, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). Management contract or compensation plan or arrangement. ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY None. 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of William Penn Bancorporation Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition of William Penn Bancorporation and subsidiaries (the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022; the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income (loss), changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended; and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company, in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. We have served as the Company s auditor since 2008. /s/ S.R. Snodgrass, P.C. Cranberry Township, Pennsylvania September 7, 2023 2009 Mackenzie Way, Suite 340 16066 Phone: 724-934-0344 Fax: 724-934-0345 Firm ID 000 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 
 WILLIAM PENN BANCORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) As of June 30, 2023 and 2022 

June 30, June 30, 2023 2022 ASSETS Cash and due from banks Interest bearing deposits with other banks Federal funds sold Total cash and cash equivalents Interest-bearing time deposits Securities available for sale Securities held to maturity, fair value of and , as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively Equity securities Loans receivable, net of allowance for loan losses of and as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively Premises and equipment, net Regulatory stock, at cost Deferred income taxes Bank-owned life insurance Goodwill Intangible assets Operating lease right-of-use assets Accrued interest receivable and other assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY LIABILITIES Deposits Advances from Federal Home Loan Bank Advances from borrowers for taxes and insurance Operating lease liabilities Accrued interest payable and other liabilities TOTAL LIABILITIES Commitments and contingencies (note 14) STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; shares issued Common stock, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2023 and shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2022 Additional paid-in capital Unearned common stock held by employee stock ownership plan ) ) Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 WILLIAM PENN BANCORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) For the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Year Ended June 30, 2023 2022 INTEREST INCOME Loans receivable, including fees Securities Other Total interest income INTEREST EXPENSE Deposits Borrowings Total interest expense Net interest income Provision (recovery) for loan losses ) NET INTEREST INCOME AFTER PROVISION (RECOVERY) FOR LOAN LOSSES OTHER INCOME Service fees Net gain on sale of other real estate owned Net gain on sale of securities Earnings on bank-owned life insurance Unrealized loss on equity securities ) ) Net gain (loss) on disposition of premises and equipment ) Other Total other income OTHER EXPENSES Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy and equipment Data processing Professional fees Amortization of intangible assets Gain on lease abandonment ) Prepayment penalties Other Total other expense Income before income taxes Income tax expense NET INCOME Basic and diluted earnings per share See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 WILLIAM PENN BANCORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS (Dollars in thousands) For the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 Year Ended June 30, 2023 2022 Net income Other comprehensive loss: Changes in net unrealized loss on securities available for sale ) ) Tax effect Reclassification adjustment for gain recognized in net income ) Tax effect Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 WILLIAM PENN BANCORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (Dollars in thousands, except share amounts) For the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Unearned Accumulated Common Other Total Number Common Additional Stock held Retained Comprehensive Stockholders of Shares Stock Paid-in Capital by ESOP Earnings Loss Equity Balance, June 30, 2021 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Special cash dividend paid per share) ) ) Regular cash dividends paid per share) ) ) Shares issued under the William Penn Bancorporation 2022 Equity Incentive Plan ) Restricted stock expense Stock option expense Stock purchased and retired ) ) ) ) ESOP shares committed to be released Balance, June 30, 2022 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Regular cash dividends paid per share) ) ) Shares forfeited under the William Penn Bancorporation 2022 Equity Incentive Plan ) Restricted stock expense Stock option expense Stock purchased and retired, including shares withheld to cover tax liabilities ) ) ) ) ESOP shares committed to be released ) Balance, June 30, 2023 ) ) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 WILLIAM PENN BANCORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Dollars in thousands) For the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Year Ended June 30, 2023 2022 Cash flows from operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Provision (recovery) for loan losses ) Depreciation expense Other accretion, net ) ) Deferred income taxes Gain on lease abandonment ) Net (gain) loss on disposition of premises and equipment ) Net gain on sale of other real estate owned ) Amortization of core deposit intangibles Amortization of ESOP Net gain on sale of securities ) Unrealized loss on equity securities Earnings on bank-owned life insurance ) ) Stock based compensation expense Other, net ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Securities available for sale: Purchases ) ) Maturities, calls and principal paydowns Proceeds from sale of securities Securities held to maturity: Purchases ) ) Maturities, calls and principal paydowns Equity securities: Purchases ) Net increase in loans receivable ) ) Interest bearing time deposits: Maturities and principal paydowns Purchase of bank-owned life insurance ) ) Regulatory stock purchases ) ) Regulatory stock redemptions Proceeds from sale of other real estate owned Purchases of premises and equipment, net ) ) Proceeds from the sale of premises and equipment Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities Net increase in deposits Net (repayment) increase of borrowed funds ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Decrease in advances from borrowers for taxes and insurance ) ) Cash dividends ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents - beginning Cash and cash equivalents - ending Supplementary cash flows information Interest paid Income tax payments (refunds) ) Transfers from loans to other real estate owned Operating lease right-of-use asset recorded Operating lease liabilities recorded Premises transferred to held for sale See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements million, a total of shares of common stock at per share. As part of the second-step conversion, each of the existing outstanding shares of William Penn Bancorp common stock owned by persons other than William Penn, MHC was converted into shares of Company common stock. In addition, million of cash held by William Penn, MHC was transferred to the Company and recorded as an increase to additional paid-in capital following the completion of the second-step conversion. In connection with the second-step conversion offering, and as previously disclosed, the William Penn Bank Employee Stock Ownership Plan ESOP trustees subscribed for, and intended to purchase, on behalf of the ESOP, of the shares of the Company common stock sold in the offering and to fund its stock purchase through a loan from the Company equal to of the aggregate purchase price of the common stock. As previously disclosed, as a result of the second-step conversion offering being oversubscribed in the first tier of subscription priorities, the ESOP trustees were unable to purchase shares of the Company s common stock in the second-step conversion offering. Subsequent to the completion of the second-step conversion on March 24, 2021, the ESOP trustees purchased shares, or million, of the Company s common stock in the open market. The ESOP did not purchase any additional shares of Company common stock in connection with the second-step conversion and offering. The Company owns of the outstanding common stock of the Bank, a Pennsylvania chartered stock savings bank. The Bank offers consumer and commercial banking services to individuals, businesses, and nonprofit organizations throughout the Delaware Valley area through full-service branch offices in Bucks County and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and Burlington, Camden, and Mercer Counties in New Jersey. William Penn Bancorporation is subject to regulation and supervision by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. The Bank is supervised and regulated by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC and the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and Securities. million of the Bank s million investment securities portfolio. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. Management makes significant operating decisions based upon the analysis of the entire Company and financial performance is evaluated on a company-wide basis. Accordingly, the various financial services and products offered are aggregated into reportable operating segment: community banking as under guidance in the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC or codification Topic 280 for Segment Reporting. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 
 per share and only to the FHLBs or to another member institution. The Company evaluates this investment for impairment on the ultimate recoverability of the par value rather than by recognizing temporary declines in value. The Company reviews this stock for impairment based on guidance from FASB ASC 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 
 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 
 Furniture, fixtures, and equipment Automobiles 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 
 . 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 
 thousand related to loans and thousand related to unfunded commitments. The Company determined that there was no impact to retained earnings related to available-for-sale or held-to-maturity debt securities as a result of adopting this guidance. In January 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting, March 2020 , to provide temporary optional expedients and exceptions to the U.S. GAAP guidance on contract modifications and hedge accounting to ease the financial reporting burdens of the expected market transition from LIBOR and other interbank offered rates to alternative reference rates, such as the Secured Overnight Financing Rate. Entities can elect not to apply certain modification accounting requirements to contracts affected by what the guidance calls reference rate reform if certain criteria are met. An entity that makes this election would not have to remeasure the contracts at the modification date or reassess a previous accounting determination. Also, entities can elect various optional expedients that would allow them to continue applying hedge accounting for hedging relationships affected by reference rate reform if certain criteria are met, and can make a one-time election to sell and/or reclassify held-to-maturity debt securities that reference an interest rate affected by reference rate reform. The sunset provision included in Topic 848 was based on the expectations of when LIBOR would cease being published. In March 2021, the UK Financial Conduct Authority announced that the intended cessation date of LIBOR would be June 30, 2023, which is beyond the established sunset date of Topic 848. In December 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-06, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Deferral of the Sunset Date of Topic 848. The amendments in this ASU provide temporary relief by deferring the sunset date provision included in Topic 848. The amendments in ASU 2022-06 defer the effective date for all entities upon issuance through December 31, 2024. These updates are not expected to have a significant impact on the Company s financial statements. In March 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-02, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures . The amendments in this ASU eliminate the accounting guidance for troubled debt restructurings (TDRs) by creditors in Subtopic 310-40, Receivables Troubled Debt Restructurings by Creditors , while enhancing disclosure requirements for certain loan refinances and restructurings by creditors when a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty. In addition, for public business entities, the amendments in this ASU require that an entity disclose current-period gross write-offs by year of origination for financing receivables and net investments in leases within the scope of Subtopic 326-20, Financial Instruments Credit Losses Measured at Amortized Cost . For entities that have not yet adopted the amendments in Update 2016-13, which is discussed in greater detail above, the effective dates for the amendments in this update are the same as the effective dates in Update 2016-13. These updates are not expected to have a significant impact on the Company s financial statements. 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 
 convertible securities which would affect the numerator in calculating basic and diluted earnings per share; therefore, the net income of million and million for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, was used as the numerator. See Note 12 to these consolidated financial statements for further discussion of stock grants. The following table sets forth the composition of the weighted average common shares (denominator) used in the basic and diluted earnings per share computation. Basic average common shares outstanding Effect of dilutive securities Dilutive average shares outstanding Earnings per share: Basic Diluted Anti-dilutive shares are common stock equivalents with weighted average exercise prices in excess of the weighted average market value for the periods presented. There were and stock options that were anti-dilutive for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and were not included in the table above. Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss ) Period change ) Balance at June 30, 2022 ) Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss Period change ) Balance at June 30, 2023 ) (1) All amounts are net of tax. Related income tax expense is calculated using an income tax rate of approximately for both 2023 and 2022. 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 The following table presents reclassifications out of AOCI by component for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022: Net gain on sale of securities Related income tax expense ) Income tax expense (1) Amounts in parenthesis indicate debits . ) U.S. agency collateralized mortgage obligations ) U.S. government agency securities ) Municipal bonds ) Corporate bonds ) Total Available For Sale ) Held To Maturity: Mortgage-backed securities ) U.S. government agency securities ) Municipal bonds Total Held To Maturity ) June 30, 2022 Gross Gross Amortized Unrealized Unrealized Fair (Dollars in thousands) Cost Gains Losses Value Available For Sale: Mortgage-backed securities ) U.S. agency collateralized mortgage obligations ) U.S. government agency securities ) Municipal bonds ) Corporate bonds ) Total Available For Sale ) Held To Maturity: Mortgage-backed securities ) Total Held To Maturity ) The Company did t sell any investment securities during the year ended June 30, 2023. The Company recognized thousand of gross gains on the sale of million of investment securities during the year ended June 30, 2022. 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 
 Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years The following tables provide information on the gross unrealized losses and fair market value of the Company s investments with unrealized losses that are not deemed to be other than temporarily impaired, aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position at June 30, 2023 and 2022: ) ) ) U.S. agency collateralized mortgage obligations ) ) U.S. government agency securities ) ) Municipal bonds ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) ) ) ) ) Held To Maturity: Mortgage-backed securities ) ) U.S. government agency securities ) ) ) ) ) Total Temporarily Impaired Securities ) ) ) 

June 30, 2022 Less than 12 Months 12 Months or More Total Total Fair Unrealized Fair Unrealized Fair Unrealized (Dollars in thousands) Value Losses Value Losses Value Losses Available For Sale: Mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) U.S. agency collateralized mortgage obligations ) ) ) U.S. government agency securities ) ) ) Municipal bonds ) ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) ) ) ) Held To Maturity: Mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) ) Total Temporarily Impaired Securities ) ) ) The Company evaluates its investment securities holdings for other-than-temporary impairment OTTI on at least a quarterly basis. As part of this process, management considers its intent to sell each debt security and whether it is more likely than not the Company will be required to sell the security before its anticipated recovery. If either of these conditions is met, OTTI is recognized in earnings equal to the entire difference between the security s amortized cost basis and its fair value at the Statement of Financial Condition date. For securities that meet neither of these conditions, management performs analysis to determine whether any of these securities are at 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 investment securities that were temporarily impaired at June 30, 2023. There were investment securities that were temporarily impaired at June 30, 2022. At June 30, 2023 and 2022, million and million, respectively, of investment securities were pledged to secure municipal deposits. Equity Securities The Company had equity security with a fair value of million and million as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. During the year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company recorded thousand and thousand of unrealized losses, respectively, which were recorded in Unrealized loss on equity securities in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Home equity and HELOCs Construction -residential Commercial real estate: 1 - 4 family investor Multi-family (five or more) Commercial non-residential Construction and land Commercial Consumer loans Total Loans Allowance for loan losses ) ) Net Loans Mortgage loans serviced for others are not included in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. The total amount of loans serviced for the benefit of others was approximately million and million at, June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Bank retained the related servicing rights for the loans that were sold and receives a basis point servicing fee from the purchasers of the loans. Custodial escrow balances maintained in connection with the foregoing loan servicing are included in advances from borrowers for taxes and insurance. Commercial non-residential loans include shared national credits, which are participations in loans or loan commitments of at least million that are shared by or more banks. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company had shared national credit loan commitment for million with balance outstanding and million outstanding, respectively, that is a purchased participation classified as pass rated and all payments are current and the loan is performing in accordance with its contractual terms. The Company s accounting policies for shared national credits, including our charge off and reserve policy, are consistent with the significant accounting policies disclosed in our financial statements for the Company s total loan portfolio. Shared national credits are subject to the same underwriting guidelines as loans originated by the Company and are subject to annual reviews where the risk rating of the loan is 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 
 million and million adequate to cover loan losses inherent in the loan portfolio at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Provision ) ) ) ) Ending Balance Allowance ending balance: Individually evaluated for impairment Collectively evaluated for impairment Total allowance Loans receivable ending balance: Individually evaluated for impairment Collectively evaluated for impairment Acquired non-credit impaired loans (1) Acquired credit impaired loans (2) Total portfolio 

 (1) Acquired non-credit impaired loans are evaluated collectively, excluding loans that have subsequently moved to non-accrual status which are individually evaluated for impairment. (2) Acquired credit impaired loans are evaluated on an individual basis. 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provision ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Ending Balance Allowance ending balance: Individually evaluated for impairment Collectively evaluated for impairment Total allowance Loans receivable ending balance: Individually evaluated for impairment Collectively evaluated for impairment Acquired non-credit impaired loans (1) Acquired credit impaired loans (2) Total portfolio 

 (1) Acquired non-credit impaired loans are evaluated collectively, excluding loans that have subsequently moved to non-accrual status which are individually evaluated for impairment. (2) Acquired credit impaired loans are evaluated on an individual basis. During the year ended June 30, 2023, the changes in the provision for loan losses for each portfolio of loans were primarily due to fluctuations in the outstanding balance of each portfolio of loans collectively evaluated for impairment. Specifically, we experienced significant growth in our commercial construction and land loan portfolio during the year ended June 30, 2023 and a corresponding increase in the provision for loan losses for this portfolio. The overall decrease in the allowance during the year ended June 30, 2023 can primarily be attributed to improved credit quality metrics, including continued low levels of net charge-offs and a decrease in non-performing assets. During the year ended June 30, 2022, the changes in the provision for loan losses for each portfolio of loans were primarily due to fluctuations in the outstanding balance of each portfolio of loans collectively evaluated for impairment. The overall decrease in the allowance during the year ended June 30, 2022 can primarily be attributed to stable credit quality metrics, including continued low levels of net charge-offs and non-performing assets, as well as a reduction of the adjustments to qualitative factors related to the COVID-19 pandemic. Credit Quality Information The following tables represent credit exposures by internally assigned grades for the year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The grading analysis estimates the capability of the borrower to repay the contractual obligations of the loan agreements as scheduled or at all. The Company s internal credit risk grading system is based on experiences with similarly graded loans. The Company s internally assigned grades are as follows: Pass loans which are protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or by the value of the underlying collateral. Special Mention loans where a potential weakness or risk exists, which could cause a more serious problem if not corrected. Substandard loans that have a well-defined weakness based on objective evidence and are characterized by the distinct possibility that the Bank will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. Doubtful loans classified as doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent in a substandard asset. In addition, these weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full highly questionable and improbable, based on existing circumstances. Loss loans classified as a loss are considered uncollectible, or of such value that continuance as an asset is not warranted. 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Ending Balance 

June 30, 2022 Commercial Real Estate 1 - 4 family Construction investor Multi-family Non-residential and land Commercial Total Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Ending Balance The following tables set forth the amounts of the portfolio of classified asset categories for the residential and consumer loan portfolios at June 30, 2023 and 2022: 

Residential Real Estate and Consumer Loans Credit Risk Internally Assigned (Dollars in thousands) June 30, 2023 Residential Real Estate Home equity 1 - 4 family HELOCs Construction Consumer Total Performing Non-performing 

June 30, 2022 Residential Real Estate Home equity 1 - 4 family HELOCs Construction Consumer Total Performing Non-performing 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 
 Home equity and HELOCs Construction - residential Commercial real estate: 1 - 4 family investor Multi-family Commercial non-residential Construction and land Commercial Consumer Total Aged Analysis of Past Due and Non-accrual Loans As of June 30, 2022 Recorded Recorded Acquired Investment Investment 30 - 59 Days 60 - 89 Days 90 Days Total Past Credit Total Loans >90 Days and Loans on (Dollar amounts in thousands) Past Due Past Due Or Greater Due Impaired Current Receivable Accruing Non-Accrual Residential real estate: 1 - 4 family Home equity and HELOCs Construction - residential Commercial real estate: 1 - 4 family investor Multi-family Commercial non-residential Construction and land Commercial Consumer Total Interest income on non-accrual loans would have increased by approximately thousand, and thousand during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, if these loans had performed in accordance with their terms. Impaired Loans Management considers commercial loans and commercial real estate loans which are or more past due to be impaired. Larger commercial loans and commercial real estate loans which are or more past due are selected for impairment testing in accordance with GAAP. Factors considered by management in determining impairment include payment status and collateral value. The amount of impairment for these types of loans is determined by the difference between the present value of the expected cash flows related to the loan, using the original interest rate, and its recorded value, or as a practical expedient in the case of collateralized loans, the difference between the fair value of the collateral and the recorded amount of the loans. These loans are analyzed to determine if it is probable that all amounts will not be collected according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. If management determines that the value of the impaired loan is less than the recorded investment in the loan (net of previous charge-offs, deferred loan fees or costs and unamortized premium or discount), impairment is recognized through an allowance estimate or a charge-off to the allowance for loan losses. 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 
 Home equity and HELOCs Construction residential 1 - 4 family investor commercial real estate Multi-family Commercial non-residential Construction and land Commercial Consumer With an allowance recorded: 1 - 4 family residential real estate Home equity and HELOCs Construction residential 1 - 4 family investor commercial real estate Multi-family Commercial non-residential Construction and land Commercial Consumer Total: 1 - 4 family residential real estate Home equity and HELOCs Construction residential 1 - 4 family investor commercial real estate Multi-family Commercial non-residential Construction and land Commercial Consumer The impaired loans table above includes accruing TDRs in the amount of thousand that are performing in accordance with their modified terms. The Company recognized thousand of interest income on accruing TDRs during the year ended June 30, 2023. The table above does not include thousand of loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality, which have been recorded at their fair value at acquisition. 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 
 Home equity and HELOCs Construction Residential 1 - 4 Family investor commercial real estate Multi-family Commercial non-residential Construction and land Commercial Consumer With an allowance recorded: 1-4 Family residential real estate Home equity and HELOCs Construction Residential 1 - 4 Family investor commercial real estate Multi-family Commercial non-residential Construction and land Commercial Consumer Total: 1-4 Family residential real estate Home equity and HELOCs Construction Residential 1 - 4 Family investor commercial real estate Multi-family Commercial non-residential Construction and land Commercial Consumer The impaired loans table above includes accruing TDRs in the amount of thousand that are performing in accordance with their modified terms. The Company recognized thousand of interest income on accruing TDRs during the year ended June 30, 2022. The table above does not include thousand of loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality, which have been recorded at their fair value at acquisition. Generally, the Company will charge-off the collateral or discounted cash flow deficiency on all impaired loans. Interest income that would have been recorded for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, had impaired loans been current according to their original terms, amounted to thousand and thousand, respectively. Troubled Debt Restructurings The Bank determines whether a restructuring of debt constitutes a troubled debt restructuring TDR in accordance with guidance under FASB ASC Topic 310 Receivables . The Bank considers a loan a TDR when the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty and the Bank grants a concession that they would not otherwise consider but for the borrower s financial difficulties. A TDR includes a modification of debt terms or assets received in satisfaction of the debt (including a foreclosure or a deed in lieu of foreclosure) or a combination of types. The Bank evaluates selective criteria to determine if a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty, including the ability of the borrower to obtain funds from sources other than the Bank at market rates. The Bank considers all TDR loans as impaired loans and, generally, they are put on non-accrual status. The Bank will not consider the loan a TDR if the loan modification was made 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 
 loans modified that were identified as a troubled debt restructuring. The Company did not experience any re-defaulted TDRs subsequent to the loan being modified during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. Office buildings and improvements Furniture, fixtures and equipment Automobiles Accumulated depreciation ) ) Depreciation expense amounted to million and thousand for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. During the three months ended September 30, 2022, the Company made a strategic decision to close the Bank s branch office located in Collingswood, New Jersey and to consolidate the deposits from this branch office into the Bank s Audubon, New Jersey branch office after assessing the branch s profitability and its close geographic proximity to the Audubon, New Jersey branch location. The branch office located in Collingswood, New Jersey was closed effective December 31, 2022. During the quarter ended June 30, 2023, the Company transferred property with a total carrying value of million as of June 30, 2023 to the held for sale classification. The Company intends to sell this property by December 31, 2023. million and core deposit intangibles of million in connection with the acquisition of Audubon. The Company also recorded core deposit intangibles totaling thousand and thousand in connection with the acquisitions of Fidelity and Washington, respectively. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the other intangibles consisted of thousand and thousand, respectively, of core deposit intangibles, which are amortized over an estimated useful life of . The Company performs its annual impairment evaluation on June 30 or more frequently if events and circumstances indicate that the fair value of the banking unit is less than its carrying value. During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company included considerations of the current economic environment in its evaluation, and determined that it is not more likely than not that the carrying value of goodwill is impaired. goodwill impairment exists during the year ended June 30, 2023. 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 
 Adjustments: Additions Amortization ) Balance, June 30, 2022 Adjustments: Additions Amortization ) Balance, June 30, 2023 The following tables summarize amortizing intangible assets at June 30, 2023 and 2022: ) June 30, 2022 Accumulated (Dollars in thousands) Gross Amortization Net Core deposit intangibles ) Aggregate amortization expense was thousand and thousand for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Amortization expense for the next five years and thereafter is expected to be as follows: 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 and thereafter Interest bearing checking Money market accounts Savings and club accounts Certificates of deposit 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter The aggregate amount of certificates of deposit accounts in denominations of 250 thousand or more totaled million and million at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. regional Federal Home Loan Banks. The FHLB provides a central credit facility primarily for member institutions. The Bank has a maximum borrowing capacity with the FHLB of Pittsburgh of approximately million at June 30, 2023. Advances from the FHLB of Pittsburgh consisted of million and million of fixed rate short-term borrowings at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. FHLB advances are secured by qualifying assets of the Bank, which include Federal Home Loan Bank stock and loans. The Bank had million and million of loans pledged as collateral as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Bank, as a member of the FHLB of Pittsburgh, is required to acquire and hold shares of capital stock in that FHLB. The Bank was in compliance with the requirements for the FHLB of Pittsburgh with an investment of million and million at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Contractual maturities and the associated weighted average interest rate of FHLB advances at June 30, 2023 are presented in the table below. As of June 30, 2023, the interest rates on the million of FHLB advances ranged from to . Total FHLB advances As of June 30, 2023, the Bank had million of loans pledged as collateral to secure a million overnight line of credit with the Federal Reserve Bank. The Bank had loans pledged to the Federal Reserve Bank as of June 30, 2022. There was outstanding balance for the overnight line of credit with the Federal Reserve Bank as of June 30, 2023 and 2022. In addition, as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Bank had million of available credit from the Atlantic Community Bankers Bank to purchase federal funds. ) Deferred State, current 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 
 A reconciliation of the statutory federal income tax at a rate of in 2023 and 2022 to the income tax expense included in the consolidated statements of income is as follows: State tax, net of federal benefit Bank owned-life insurance ) ) ) ) Income tax benefit ) ) ) ) Other ) ) ) ) Income tax expense for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 included thousand and thousand one-time income tax benefits related to refunds received associated with the carryback of net operating losses under the CARES Act. Items that gave rise to significant portions of deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows: Allowance for loan losses Deferred director s fees Deferred compensation Purchase accounting adjustments NOL carry forward Net unrealized loss on securities Stock based compensation Other Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Premises and equipment ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax asset Deferred income taxes reflect temporary differences in the recognition of revenue and expenses for tax reporting and financial statement purposes, principally because certain items, such as the allowance for loan losses and loan fees are recognized in different periods for financial reporting and tax return purposes. As of June 30, 2023, the Company has a million net operating loss carryforward that will begin to expire by December 31, 2033. A valuation allowance has not been established for deferred tax assets. Realization of the deferred tax assets is dependent on generating sufficient taxable income. Although realization is not assured, management believes it is more likely than not that all of the deferred tax asset will be realized. GAAP prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. Benefits from tax positions should be recognized in the financial statements only when it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination by the appropriate taxing authority that would have full knowledge of all relevant information. A tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Tax positions that previously failed to meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold should be recognized in the first subsequent financial reporting period in which that threshold is met. Previously recognized tax positions that no longer meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold should be derecognized in the first subsequent financial reporting period in which that threshold is no longer met. Accounting literature also provides guidance on the accounting for and disclosure of unrecognized tax benefits, interest, and penalties. In accordance with GAAP, interest or penalties incurred for income taxes will be recorded as a component of other expenses. There are material uncertain tax positions at June 30, 2023 or 2022. With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. Federal income tax examinations by taxing authorities for years before 2019. 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 
 million at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, for which provision for federal income tax has been made. These amounts represent deductions for bad debt reserves for tax purposes which were only allowed to savings institutions which met certain definitional tests prescribed by the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. The Small Business Job Protection Act of 1996 eliminated the special bad debt deduction granted solely to thrifts. Under the terms of the Act, there would be no recapture of the pre-1988 (base year) reserves. However, these pre-1988 reserves would be subject to recapture under the rules of the Internal Revenue Code if the Bank itself pays a cash dividend in excess of earnings and profits, or liquidates. The Act also provides for the recapture of deductions arising from applicable excess reserve defined as the total amount of reserve over the base year reserve. The Bank s total reserve exceeds the base year reserve and deferred taxes have been provided for this excess. shares restricted stock awards and stock options) of William Penn Bancorporation common stock. During the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company granted shares of restricted stock, with a weighted average grant date fair value of per share. To fund the grant of restricted common stock, the Company issued shares from authorized but unissued shares. Restricted shares granted under the Plan vest in equal installments over a period. Compensation expense related to the restricted shares is recognized ratably over the vesting period in an amount which totals the market price of the Company s stock at the grant date. The expense recognized for the restricted shares for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 was million and thousand, respectively. The expected future compensation expense related to the non-vested restricted shares outstanding at June 30, 2023 was million over a weighted average period of years. The expected future compensation expense related to the non-vested restricted shares outstanding at June 30, 2022 was million over a weighted average period of years. The following is a summary of the Company s restricted stock activity during the year ended June 30, 2023: Issued Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested Restricted Stock Awards outstanding June 30, 2023 The following is a summary of the Company s restricted stock activity during the year ended June 30, 2022: Vested Forfeited Non-vested Restricted Stock Awards outstanding June 30, 2022 The fair value of the shares that vested during the year ended June 30, 2023 was thousand. During the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company granted stock options, with a weighted average grant date fair value of per share. Stock options granted under the Plan vest in equal installments over a period. Stock options were granted at a weighted average exercise price of , which represents the fair value of the Company s common stock price on the grant date based on the closing market price, and have an expiration period of . The fair value of stock options granted was valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following weighted average assumptions: expected life of years, risk-free rate of return 
 F-27 

Table of Contents 
 , volatility of , and a dividend yield of . Compensation expense recognized for the stock options for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 was thousand and thousand, respectively. The expected future compensation expense related to the stock options outstanding at June 30, 2023 was million over a weighted average period of years. The expected future compensation expense related to the stock options outstanding at June 30, 2022 was million over a weighted average period of years. The following is a summary of the Company s stock option activity during the year ended June 30, 2023: Granted Exercised Forfeited ) Expired Ending balance June 30, 2023 The following is a summary of the Company s stock option activity during the year ended June 30, 2022: Exercised Forfeited Expired Ending balance June 30, 2022 The weighted average remaining contractual term was approximately years and there was aggregate intrinsic value for options outstanding as of June 30, 2023. As of June 30, 2023, exercisable options totaled with an average weighted exercise of price of per share, a weighted average remaining contractual term of approximately years, and aggregate intrinsic value. The weighted average remaining contractual term was approximately years and the aggregate intrinsic value was thousand for options outstanding as of June 30, 2022. There were exercisable options as of June 30, 2022. of gross pay and the Bank matches of such contributions up to . The Company recorded thousand, and thousand of expense associated with the 401(k) plan during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Employee Stock Ownership Plan ESOP The Company offers ESOP benefits to employees who meet certain eligibility requirements. In connection with the second-step conversion offering, and as previously disclosed, the William Penn Bank ESOP trustees subscribed for, and intended to purchase, on behalf of the ESOP, of the shares of the Company common stock sold in the offering and to fund its stock purchase through a loan from the Company equal to of the aggregate purchase price of the common stock. As previously disclosed, as a result of the second-step conversion offering being oversubscribed in the first tier of subscription priorities, the ESOP trustees were unable to purchase shares of the Company s common stock in the second-step conversion offering. Subsequent to the completion of the second-step conversion on March 24, 2021, the ESOP trustees purchased shares, or million, of the Company s common stock in the open market. In connection with the purchase of the shares, the ESOP borrowed million from the Company at a fixed interest rate of with a twenty-five-year term to fund the purchase of shares. The Company makes annual contributions to the ESOP equal to the ESOP s debt service or equal to the debt service less the dividends received by the ESOP on unallocated shares. Shares purchased 
 F-28 

Table of Contents 
 thousand and thousand of ESOP expense associated with the release of shares from collateral during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Shares committed to be released Unreleased shares Total ESOP shares Fair value of unrealized shares Directors Retirement Plan The Bank has a retirement plan for the directors of the Bank. Upon retirement, a director who agrees to serve as a consulting director to the Bank will receive a monthly benefit amount for a period of up to . The plan was amended in October 2017 to allow credit for service as a director while also serving as an employee. As of June 30, 2023, the Company performed a discounted cash flow analysis for this plan to evaluate the balance of the liability and determined that the liability balance was overaccrued. The Company recognized a credit of thousand, and expense of thousand, respectively, for these benefits in its Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. At both June 30, 2023 and 2022, approximately million had been accrued under this plan. Director Deferred Compensation Plan The Bank has deferred compensation plans for certain directors of the Bank whereby they can elect to defer their directors fees. Under the plans provisions, benefits which accrue at the Bank s highest certificate of deposit rate will be payable upon retirement, death, or permanent disability. The Company recognized thousand and thousand, respectively, of interest expense for these benefits in its Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. At June 30, 2023 and 2022, approximately million and million, respectively, had been accrued for this benefit plan. Unfunded commitments under lines of credit Standby letters of credit Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer if there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. The Company evaluates each customer s credit worthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by the Company upon extension of credit, is based on management s credit evaluation. Collateral held varies, but primarily includes residential and commercial real estate. 
 F-29 

Table of Contents 

CBLR Framework As of June 30, 2022 Actual Requirement (Dollars in thousands except for ratios) Amount Ratio Amount Ratio William Penn Bank: Tier 1 leverage 
 F-30 

Table of Contents 
 U.S. agency collateralized mortgage obligations U.S. government agency securities Municipal bonds Corporate bonds Equity securities Total Assets 

June 30, 2022 (Dollars in thousands) Level I Level II Level III Total Assets: Investments available for sale: Mortgage-backed securities U.S. agency collateralized mortgage obligations U.S. government agency securities Municipal bonds Corporate bonds Equity securities Total Assets Assets and Liabilities Measured on a Non-Recurring Basis Certain assets and liabilities may be required to be measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in periods subsequent to their initial recognition. Generally, nonrecurring valuation is the result of the application of other accounting pronouncements which require assets and liabilities to be assessed for impairment or recorded at the lower of cost or fair value. Impaired loans are generally measured for impairment using the fair value of the collateral supporting the loan. Evaluating impaired loan collateral is based on Level 3 inputs utilizing outside appraisals adjusted by management for sales costs and other assumptions regarding market conditions to arrive at fair value. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company charged-off the collateral deficiency on impaired loans. As a result, there were specific reserves on impaired loans as of June 30, 2023 and 2022. 
 F-31 

Table of Contents 
 Premises transferred to held for sale Quantitative information regarding assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis is as follows: Appraisal of collateral (1)(3) Appraisal adjustments (2) - Premises transferred to held for sale Appraisal of premises (1)(3) Appraisal adjustments (2) - 

 (1) F air value is generally determined through independent appraisals of the underlying collateral, which generally include various Level 3 inputs which are not identifiable, less any associated allowance. (2) Appraisals may be adjusted by management for qualitative factors such as economic conditions and estimated liquidation expenses. The range and weighted average of liquidation expenses and other appraisal adjustments are presented as a percent of the appraisal. (3) Includes qualitative adjustments by management and estimated liquidation expenses. 
 Management uses its best judgment in estimating the fair value of the Company s financial instruments; however, there are inherent weaknesses in any estimation technique. Therefore, for substantially all financial instruments, the fair value estimates herein are not necessarily indicative of the amounts the Company could have realized in sales transaction on the dates indicated. The estimated fair value amounts have been measured as of their respective year-ends and have not been reevaluated or updated for purposes of these financial statements subsequent to those respective dates. As such, the estimated fair values of these financial instruments subsequent to the respective reporting dates may be different than the amounts reported at each year-end. The following information should not be interpreted as an estimate of the fair value of the entire Company since a fair value calculation is only provided for a limited portion of the Company s assets and liabilities. Due to a wide range of valuation techniques and the degree of subjectivity used in making the estimates, comparisons between the Company s disclosures and those of other companies may not be meaningful. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values of the Company s financial instruments. Cash and Due from Banks and Interest-Bearing Time Deposits The carrying amounts of cash and amounts due from banks and interest-bearing time deposits approximate their fair value due to the relatively short time between origination of the instrument and its expected realization. Securities Available for Sale and Held to Maturity The fair value of investment and mortgage-backed securities is equal to the available quoted market price. If no quoted market price is available, fair value is estimated using the quoted market price for similar securities. 
 F-32 

Table of Contents 
 
 F-33 

Table of Contents 
 Securities held to maturity Financial instruments - liabilities: Certificates of deposit Advances from Federal Home Loan Bank Off-balance sheet financial instruments 

Fair Value Measurements at June 30, 2022 Quoted Prices Significant Significant in Active Markets Other Observable Unobservable Carrying Fair for Identical Assets Inputs Inputs (Dollars in thousands) Amount Value (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) Financial instruments - assets: Loans receivable, net Securities held to maturity Financial instruments - liabilities: Certificates of deposit Advances from Federal Home Loan Bank Off-balance sheet financial instruments million and million as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and the operating lease liability was million and million as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company elected not to include short-term leases (i.e., leases with initial terms of twelve months of less), or equipment leases (deemed immaterial) on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. The calculated amount of the ROU assets and lease liabilities are impacted by the length of the lease term and the discount rate used to present value the minimum lease payments. The Company s lease agreements often include one or more options to renew at the Company s discretion. If at lease inception, the Company considers the exercising of a renewal option to be reasonably certain, the Company will include the extended term in the calculation of the ROU asset and lease liability. Regarding the discount rate, Topic 842 requires the use of the rate implicit in the lease whenever this rate is readily determinable. As this rate is rarely determinable, the Company utilizes its incremental borrowing rate at lease inception, on a collateralized basis, over a similar term. During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company s lease agreements for the Levittown and Morrisville branch office locations commenced, which resulted in an increase of the ROU asset and lease liability of million and thousand, respectively . 
 F-34 

Table of Contents 
 years Weighted average discount rate Operating leases June 30, 2022 Weighted average remaining lease term Operating leases years Weighted average discount rate Operating leases The Company recorded thousand and thousand of net lease costs during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. During the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company recognized a thousand gain on lease abandonment associated with the closure of the Frankford branch effective June 30, 2022 as part of the Company s branch consolidation efforts. Future minimum payments for operating leases with initial or remaining terms of one year or more as of June 30, 2023 were as follows: 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total future minimum lease payments Amounts representing interest ) Present value of net future minimum lease payments million and million, respectively. These total commitments to lend include million and thousand of undrawn commitments at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The commitments are in the form of loans and guarantees for various business and personal interests. This indebtedness was incurred in the ordinary course of business on substantially the same terms, including interest rate and collateral, as those prevailing at the time of comparable transactions with unrelated parties. This indebtedness does not involve more than the normal risk of repayment or present other unfavorable features. The following table shows the loan activity for related parties for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022: New loans and funding of existing lines of credit Loans to newly appointed directors Repayments ) ) Ending balance of the Company s affiliates, officers, directors, or employees have an interest in or receive remuneration from any special purpose entities or qualified special purpose entities which the Company transacts business. 
 F-35 

Table of Contents 
 thousand and thousand, respectively. These insurance commissions are included in other expense on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income. At June 30, 2023 and 2022, certain directors, executive officers, principal holders of the Company s common stock, associates of such persons, and affiliated companies of such persons had deposits with the Bank in the aggregate amount of million and million, respectively. Investment in the Bank Equity securities Other assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY LIABILITIES Accrued and other liabilities TOTAL LIABILITIES Commitments and contingencies STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY WILLIAM PENN BANCORPORATION CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS PARENT COMPANY ONLY (Dollars in thousands) For the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 Interest income on securities Unrealized loss on equity securities ) ) Total (loss) income ) EXPENSES Professional fees Other expenses Total expenses Loss before income tax benefit and equity in undistributed net income of affiliates ) ) Income tax benefit ) ) Equity in undistributed net income of the Bank NET INCOME Comprehensive loss ) ) 
 F-36 

Table of Contents 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: Equity in undistributed net earnings of subsidiaries ) ) Unrealized loss on equity securities Net intercompany transactions Other Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Purchases of equity securities ) Net cash used in investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities Cash dividends ) ) Stock purchased and retired ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents beginning Cash and cash equivalents ending Supplementary cash flows information Income tax payments per share, that was paid on August 10, 2023, to common shareholders of record at the close of business on July 31, 2023. On August 29, 2023, the Company issued a press release announcing that the Company s Board of Directors has authorized a sixth stock repurchase program to acquire up to shares, or approximately , of the Company s currently issued and outstanding common stock. The sixth stock repurchase program was authorized following the completion of the Company s fifth stock repurchase program on August 28, 2023. As of September 7, 2023, there were shares remaining to be repurchased under the Company s sixth repurchase program. 
 F-37 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

WILLIAM PENN BANCORPORATION Date: September 7, 2023 By: /s/ Kenneth J. Stephon Kenneth J. Stephon Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name Title Date /s/ Kenneth J. Stephon Chairman, President and Chief Executive September 7, 2023 Kenneth J. Stephon Officer (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Jonathan T. Logan Executive Vice President and Chief September 7, 2023 Jonathan T. Logan Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ William J. Feeney Director September 7, 2023 William J. Feeney /s/ Craig Burton Director September 7, 2023 Craig Burton /s/ D. Michael Carmody, Jr Director September 7, 2023 D. Michael Carmody, Jr /s/ Glenn Davis Director September 7, 2023 Glenn Davis /s/ Christopher M. Molden Director September 7, 2023 Christopher M. Molden /s/ William C. Niemczura Director September 7, 2023 William C. Niemczura /s/ William B.K. Parry, Jr. Director September 7, 2023 William B.K. Parry, Jr. /s/ Terry L. Sager Director September 7, 2023 Terry L. Sager /s/ Vincent P. Sarubbi Director September 7, 2023 Vincent P. Sarubbi 
 F-38 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 wmpn-20230630xex4d2.htm
 EX-4.2

Exhibit 4.2 DESCRIPTION OF WILLIAM PENN BANCORPORATION S COMMON STOCK REGISTERED UNDER SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 William Penn Bancorporation is incorporated in the State of Maryland. The rights of our shareholders are generally covered by Maryland law and our articles of incorporation and bylaws (each as amended and in effect on the date hereof). The terms of our common stock are therefore subject to Maryland law, including the Maryland General Corporation Law, and the common and constitutional law of Maryland. This exhibit describes the general terms of our common stock. This is a summary and does not purport to be complete. Our articles of incorporation and bylaws as they exist on the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are incorporated by reference or filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this exhibit is a part, and amendments or restatements of each will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC in future periodic or current reports in accordance with the rules of the SEC. You are encouraged to read these documents. For more detailed information about the rights of our common stock, you should refer to our articles of incorporation and bylaws and the applicable provisions of Maryland law, including the Maryland General Corporation Law, for additional information. General William Penn Bancorporation is authorized to issue 150,000,000 shares of common stock having a par value of 0.01 per share and 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock having a par value of 0.01 per share. Each share of William Penn Bancorporation s common stock has the same relative rights as, and is identical in all respects with, each other share of common stock. Upon payment of the purchase price for the common stock, as required by the plan of conversion, all stock will be duly authorized, fully paid and nonassessable. William Penn Bancorporation will not issue any shares of preferred stock in the conversion and offering. Dividends William Penn Bancorporation can pay dividends if, as and when declared by its board of directors. The payment of dividends by William Penn Bancorporation is limited by law and applicable regulation. See Our Dividend Policy. The holders of common stock of William Penn Bancorporation will be entitled to receive and share equally in dividends declared by the board of directors of William Penn Bancorporation. If William Penn Bancorporation issues preferred stock, the holders of the preferred stock may have a priority over the holders of the common stock with respect to dividends. Voting Rights The holders of common stock of William Penn Bancorporation will possess exclusive voting rights in William Penn Bancorporation. They will elect William Penn Bancorporation s board of directors and act on other matters as are required to be presented to them under Maryland law or as are otherwise presented to them by the board of directors. Except as discussed in Restrictions on Acquisition of William Penn Bancorporation, each holder of common stock will be entitled to one vote per share and will not have any right to cumulate votes in the election of directors. If William Penn Bancorporation issues preferred stock, holders of William Penn Bancorporation preferred stock may also possess voting rights. Liquidation If there is any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of William Penn Bank, William Penn Bancorporation, as the sole holder of William Penn Bank s capital stock, would be entitled to receive all of William Penn Bank s assets available for distribution after payment or provision for payment of all debts and liabilities of William Penn Bank, including all deposit accounts and accrued interest. Upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of William Penn Bancorporation, the holders of its common stock would be entitled to receive all of the assets of William Penn 

 Bancorporation available for distribution after payment or provision for payment of all its debts and liabilities. If William Penn Bancorporation issues preferred stock, the preferred stock holders may have a priority over the holders of the common stock upon liquidation or dissolution. Preemptive Rights; Redemption Holders of the common stock of William Penn Bancorporation will not be entitled to preemptive rights with respect to any shares that may be issued. The common stock cannot be redeemed. Exclusive Forum for Certain Stockholder Litigation Matters The bylaws of William Penn Bancorporation provide that, unless William Penn Bancorporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of William Penn Bancorporation, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed to William Penn Bancorporation or William Penn Bancorporation s stockholders by any director, officer or other employee of William Penn Bancorporation, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Maryland General Corporation Law, or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine shall be a state or federal court located within the State of Maryland. This exclusive forum provision does not apply to claims arising under the federal securities laws. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-21.0>
 3
 wmpn-20230630xex21d0.htm
 EX-21.0

Exhibit 21.0 Subsidiaries of the Registrant Subsidiaries of William Penn Bancorporation Name Percentage Owned State of Incorporation William Penn Bank 100 Pennsylvania 
 Subsidiaries of William Penn Bank Name Percentage Owned State of Incorporation WPSLA Investment Corporation 100 Delaware 

</EX-21.0>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 wmpn-20230630xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements File No. 333-255149 and File No. 333-264820 on Form S-8 of William Penn Bancorporation of our report dated September 7, 2023, relating to our audit of the consolidated financial statements, which appears in the Annual Report to Stockholders, which is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of William Penn Bancorporation for the year ended June 30, 2023. /s/ S.R. Snodgrass, P.C. Cranberry Township, Pennsylvania September 7, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 wmpn-20230630xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER I, Kenneth J. Stephon, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of William Penn Bancorporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: September 7, 2023 

By: /s/ Kenneth J. Stephon Name: Kenneth J. Stephon Title: Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 wmpn-20230630xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER I, Jonathan T. Logan, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of William Penn Bancorporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: September 7, 2023 

By: /s/ Jonathan T. Logan Name: Jonathan T. Logan Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 wmpn-20230630xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 Certification of CEO Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Added by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 In connection with the annual report of William Penn Bancorporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, the undersigned, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as added by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. Date: September 7, 2023 

By: /s/ Kenneth J. Stephon Name: Kenneth J. Stephon Title: Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 wmpn-20230630xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 Certification of CFO Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Added by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 In connection with the annual report of William Penn Bancorporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, the undersigned, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as added by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. Date: September 7, 2023 

By: /s/ Jonathan T. Logan Name: Jonathan T. Logan Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 wmpn-20230630.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 wmpn-20230630_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 wmpn-20230630_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 wmpn-20230630_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

