<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230906_10-K_edgar_data_1584754_0001213900-23-074139.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8759163</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>595792</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2059186</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1975458</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1995160</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1894112</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-074139.hdr.sgml : 20230906
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230906073103
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-074139
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		112
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230906
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230906

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Akoustis Technologies, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001584754
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEPHONE & TELEGRAPH APPARATUS [3661]
		IRS NUMBER:				331229046
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38029
		FILM NUMBER:		231237862

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9805 NORTHCROSS CENTER COURT, SUITE A
		CITY:			HUNTERSVILLE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28078
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7026054086

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9805 NORTHCROSS CENTER COURT, SUITE A
		CITY:			HUNTERSVILLE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28078

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DANLAX, CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130820

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-074139.txt : 20230906

10-K
 1
 f10k2023_akoustistech.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended
 , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period
from ____________________ to ____________________ 

Commission file number:

(Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Postal Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 1-704-997-5735 

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the
Act: 

Title of Each Class: Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered: The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Capital Market) 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the
Act: 

None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large Accelerated Filer Accelerated Filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether
any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the
registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No

The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock,
par value 0.001 per share Common Stock ), held by non-affiliates on December 31, 2022 was approximately million.
For purposes of this computation, shares of Common Stock held by all officers, directors, and any beneficial owners of 10 or more of
the outstanding Common Stock were excluded because such persons may be deemed to be affiliates of the registrant. Such determination should
not be deemed an admission that such persons are, in fact, affiliates of the registrant. 

As of September 01, 2023, there were shares of Common Stock
issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

The registrant intends to file a definitive proxy
statement pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. Portions of such proxy
statement are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Item Number and Caption 
 
 Page 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information 
 
 ii 

PART I 
 
 1 

1. 
 Business 
 
 1 

1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 12 

1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 38 

2. 
 Properties 
 
 39 

3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 39 

4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 39 

PART II 

40 

5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related
 Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases Of Equity Securities 
 
 40 

6. 
 [Reserved] 
 
 41 

7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 41 

7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About
 Market Risk 
 
 46 

8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplemental Data 
 
 F-1 

9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
 on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 47 

9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 47 

9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 47 

9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that
 Prevent Inspection 
 
 47 

PART III 

48 

10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 48 

11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 48 

12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
 and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 48 

13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,
 and Director Independence 
 
 48 

14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 48 

PART IV 

49 

15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 49 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report contains forward-looking statements that relate to our plans, objectives, estimates, and goals. Any and all statements contained in this
report that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Terms such as may, will, 
 might, would, should, could, project, estimate, predict, 
 potential, strategy, anticipate, attempt, develop, plan, 
 help, seek, believe, continue, intend, expect, future, 
and terms of similar import (including the negative of any of the foregoing) may identify forward-looking statements. However, not all
forward-looking statements may contain one or more of these identifying terms. Forward-looking statements in this report may include,
without limitation, statements regarding (i) the plans and objectives of management for future operations, including plans or objectives
relating to the development of commercially viable radio frequency RF filters, (ii) projections of income (including
income/loss), earnings (including earnings/loss) per share, capital expenditures, dividends, capital structure or other financial items,
(iii) our future financial performance, including any such statement contained in the management s discussion and analysis of financial
condition or in the results of operations included pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
 SEC ), (iv) our ability to efficiently utilize cash and cash equivalents to support our operations for a given period of
time, (v) our ability to engage customers while maintaining ownership of our intellectual property, and (vi) the assumptions underlying
or relating to any statement described in (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) above. 

Forward-looking statements are not meant to predict
or guarantee actual results, performance, events or circumstances and may not be realized because they are based upon our current projections,
plans, objectives, beliefs, expectations, estimates and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and other
influences, many of which are beyond our control. Actual results and the timing of certain events and circumstances may differ materially
from those described by the forward-looking statements as a result of these risks and uncertainties. Factors that may influence or contribute
to the inaccuracy of the forward-looking statements or cause actual results to differ materially from expected or desired results may
include, without limitation, 

our limited operating history, 

our inability to generate revenues or achieve profitability, 

the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, Russian-Ukrainian conflict and
 other sources of volatility on our operations, financial condition and the worldwide economy, including our ability to access the
 capital markets, 

increases in prices for raw materials, labor, and fuel caused by rising
 inflation, 

our inability to obtain adequate financing and sustain our status as
 a going concern, 

the results of our research and development R D activities, 

our inability to achieve acceptance of our products in the market, 

general economic conditions, including upturns and downturns in the
 industry, 

existing or increased competition, 

our inability to successfully scale our New York wafer fabrication
 facility and related operations while maintaining quality control and assurance and avoiding delays in output, 

contracting with customers and other parties with greater bargaining power and agreeing to terms and conditions that may adversely affect our business, 

the possibility that the anticipated benefits from our business acquisitions (including the acquisitions of RFM Integrated Device, Inc. RFMi and Grinding and Dicing Services, Inc. GDSI )) will not be realized in full or at all or may take longer to realize than expected, 

the possibility that costs or difficulties related to the integration of acquired businesses (including RFMi and GDSI s) operations will be greater than expected and the possibility of disruptions to our business during integration efforts and strain on management time and resources, 

risks related to doing business in foreign countries, including rising
tensions between the United States and China, 

any cybersecurity breaches or other disruptions compromising our proprietary
information and exposing us to liability, 

our limited number of patents, 

ii 

failure to obtain, maintain and enforce our intellectual property rights, 

claims of infringement, misappropriation or misuse of third-party intellectual
 property, including the lawsuit filed by Qorvo, Inc. in October 2021, that, regardless of merit, could result in significant expense
 and negatively impact our business results, 

our inability to attract and retain qualified personnel, 

results of any arbitration or litigation that may arise, 

our reliance on third parties to complete certain processes in connection
 with the manufacture of our products, 

product quality and defects, 

our ability to market and sell our products, 

our failure to innovate or adapt to new or emerging technologies, including
 in relation to our competitors, 

our failure to comply with regulatory requirements, 

stock volatility and illiquidity, 

our failure to implement our business plans or strategies, 

our failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting 

our failure to obtain or maintain a Trusted Foundry accreditation or
 our New York fabrication facility, and 

shortages in supplies needed to manufacture our products, or needed
 by our customers to manufacture devices incorporating our products. 

A description of the risks and uncertainties
that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described by the forward-looking statements in this Report appears
in the section captioned Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Report. 

Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance
on forward-looking statements because of the risks and uncertainties related to them and to the risk factors. Except as may be required
by law, we do not undertake any obligation to update the forward-looking statements contained in this Report to reflect any new information
or future events or circumstances or otherwise. 

iii 

DEFINITIONS 

When used in this Report, the terms, we, Akoustis, 
the Company, our, and us refers to Akoustis Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and
its wholly owned consolidated subsidiaries, Akoustis, Inc., also a Delaware corporation, RFM Integrated Device, Inc., a Texas corporation RFMi ), and Grinding and Dicing Services, Inc., a California corporation GDSI ). 

Glossary 

The following is a glossary of technical terms
used herein: 

Acoustic wave - a mechanical wave that vibrates in the same
 direction as its direction of travel. 

AlN - Aluminum Nitride. 

Acoustic wave filter - an electromechanical device that provides
 radio frequency control and selection, in which an electrical signal is converted into a mechanical wave in a device constructed
 of a piezoelectric material and then back to an electrical signal. 

Band, channel or frequency band - a designated range of radio
 wave frequencies used to communicate with a mobile device. 

Bulk acoustic wave (BAW) - an acoustic wave traveling through
 a material exhibiting elasticity, typically vertical or perpendicular to the surface of a piezoelectric material. 

Digital baseband - the digital transceiver, which includes the
 main processor for the communication device. 

Duplexer - a bi-directional device that connects the antenna
 to the transmitter and receiver of a wireless device and simultaneously filters both the transmit signal and receive signal. 

Filter - a series of interconnected resonators designed to pass
 (or select) a desired radio frequency signal and block unwanted signals. 

Group III element nitrides - a dielectric material comprised
 of group IIIA element, such as boron (B), aluminum (Al) or gallium (Ga), combined with group 5A (or VA nitrogen) to form a compound
 semiconductor nitride such as BN, AlN, or GaN. For resonators, the dielectric is typically chosen based upon the piezoelectric constant
 of the material in order to generate the highest electromechanical coupling. 

iv 

Insertion Loss - the power losses associated with inserting
 a BAW filter into a circuit. 

Lossy - resistive losses that result in heat generation. 

Metrology - techniques used to evaluate materials, devices and
 circuits. 

Monolithic topology - a description of an electrical circuit
 whereby all the elements of the circuit are fabricated at the same time using the same process flow. 

Power Amplifier Duplexer (PAD) - an RF module containing a power
 amplifier and duplex filter components for the RFFE of a smartphone. 

Piezoelectric materials - certain solid materials (such as crystals
 and certain ceramics) that produce a voltage in response to applied mechanical stress, or that deform when a voltage is applied to
 them. 

Quality factor, or Q - energy stored divided by the energy dissipated
 per cycle. Higher Q represents a higher caliber of resonance and implies mechanical and electrical factors responsible for energy
 dissipation are minimal. For a given amount of energy stored in a resonator, Q represents the number of cycles resonance will continue
 without additional input of energy into the system. 

Resonator - a device whose impedance sharply changes over a
 narrow frequency range and is characterized by one or more resonance frequency due to a standing wave across the resonator s
 electrodes. The vibrations in a resonator can be characterized by mechanical acoustic waves which travel without a
 characteristic sound velocity. Resonators are the building blocks for RF filters used in mobile wireless devices. 

RF - radio frequency. 

RF front-end (RFFE) - the circuitries in a mobile device responsible
 for processing the analog radio signals; located between the device s antenna and the digital baseband. 

RF spectrum - a defined range of frequencies. 

Surface acoustic wave (SAW) - an acoustic sound wave traveling
 horizontally along the surface of a piezoelectric material. 

TDD LTE - Time Division Duplex- Long-Term Evolution or a wireless
 standard which shares the bandwidth between transmit and receive. 

Tier one - a supplier or OEM with substantial market share. 

Tier two - a supplier or OEM with an established but not substantial
 market share. 

Wafer - a thin slice of semiconductor material used in electronics
 for the fabrication of integrated circuits. 

v 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

Akoustis Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation, was incorporated
in 2013. The Company is an emerging commercial product company focused on developing, designing, and manufacturing innovative RF filter
solutions for the wireless industry, including for products such as smartphones and tablets, network infrastructure equipment, Wi-Fi Customer
Premise Equipment CPE ), and defense applications. Filters are critical in selecting and rejecting signals, and their performance
enables differentiation in the modules defining the RF front-end RFFE ). Located between the device s antenna and
its digital backend, the RFFE is the circuitry that performs the analog signal processing and contains components such as amplifiers,
filters and switches. We have developed a proprietary microelectromechanical system MEMS based bulk acoustic wave BAW technology and a unique manufacturing process flow, called XBAW ,
for our filters produced for use in RFFE modules. Our XBAW filters incorporate
optimized high purity piezoelectric materials for high power, high frequency and wide bandwidth operation. We are developing RF filters
for 5G, Wi-Fi and defense bands using our proprietary resonator device models and product design kits PDKs ). As we qualify our RF filter
products, we are engaging with target customers to evaluate our filter solutions. Our initial designs target UHB, sub-7 GHz 5G, Wi-Fi
and defense bands. We expect our RF filter solutions will address problems (such as loss, bandwidth, power handling, and isolation) created
by the growing number of frequency bands in the RFFE of mobile devices, infrastructure and premise equipment to support 5G, and Wi-Fi.
We have prototyped, sampled and begun commercial shipment of our single-band low loss BAW filter designs for 5G frequency bands and 5
GHz and 6 GHz Wi-Fi bands which are suited to competitive BAW solutions and historically cannot be addressed with low-band, lower power
handling surface acoustic wave SAW technology. Additionally, through our wholly owned subsidiary, RFMi, of which we acquired
majority ownership in October 2021 and full ownership in April 2023, we operate a fabless business whereby we make sales of complementary
SAW resonators, RF filters, crystal Xtal resonators and oscillators, and ceramic products addressing opportunities
in multiple end markets, such as automotive and industrial applications. We also offer back-end semiconductor supply chain services through
our wholly owned subsidiary, GDSI, which we acquired in January 2023. 

We own and/or have filed applications for patents
on the core resonator device technology, manufacturing facility and intellectual property IP necessary to produce our
RF filter chips and operate as a pure-play RF filter supplier, providing discrete filter solutions direct to Original Equipment
Manufacturers OEMs and aligning with the front- end module manufacturers that seek to acquire high performance filters
to expand their module businesses. We believe this business model is the most direct and efficient means of delivering our solutions
to the market. 

Technology .
Our device technology is based upon bulk-mode acoustic resonance, which we believe is superior to surface-mode resonance for high-band
and ultra-high-band UHB applications that include 4G/LTE, 5G, Wi-Fi, and defense applications. Although some of our target
customers utilize or manufacture the RFFE module, they may lack access to critical UHB filter technology that we produce, which is necessary
to compete in high frequency applications. 

Manufacturing . We currently manufacture
Akoustis high-performance RF filter circuits, using our first generation XBAW wafer process, in our 125,000-square
foot wafer-manufacturing facility located in Canandaigua, New York (the New York Facility ), which we acquired in June 2017.
Our SAW-based RF filter products are manufactured by a third party and sold either directly or through a sales distributor. 

Intellectual
Property. As of August 25, 2023, our IP portfolio included 104 patents, including a blocking patent that we have licensed
from Cornell University. Additionally, as of August 25, 2023, we have 108 pending patent applications. These patents cover our
XBAW RF filter technology from raw materials through the system architectures. Given the significance of the
Company s intellectual property to its business, the Company enforces its intellectual property rights and protects its patent
portfolio, which may include filing lawsuits against companies that the Company believes are infringing upon its patents. The
Company considers protecting its intellectual property rights to be central to its business model and competitive position in the RF
filter industry. 

By designing, manufacturing, and marketing our RF filter products to
mobile phone OEMs, defense OEMs, network infrastructure OEMs, and Wi-Fi CPE OEMs, we seek to enable broader competition among the front-end
module manufacturers. 

Since we own and/or have filed applications for patents on the core
technology and control access to our intellectual property, we expect to offer several ways to engage with potential customers. First,
we intend to engage with multiple wireless markets, providing standardized filters that we design and offer as standard catalog components.
Second, we expect to deliver unique filters to customer-supplied specifications, which we will design and fabricate on a customized basis.
Finally, we may offer our models and design kits for our customers to design their own filters utilizing our proprietary technology. 

1 

We expect to continue to incur substantial costs for commercialization
of our technology on a continuous basis because our business model involves materials and solid-state device technology development and
engineering of catalog and custom filter design solutions. To succeed across our combined portfolio of Akoustis, XBAW, and RFMi products,
we must convince customers in a wide range of industries including mobile phone OEMs, RFFE module manufacturers, network infrastructure
OEMs, Wi-Fi CPE OEMs, medical device makers, automotive and defense customers to use our products in their systems and modules. For example,
since there are two dominant BAW filter suppliers in the industry that have high-band technology, and both utilize such technology as
a competitive advantage at the module level, we expect customers that lack access to high-band filter technology will be open to engage
with our company for XBAW filters. 

To help drive our XBAW filter business, we plan
to continue to pursue RF filter design and R D development agreements and potentially joint ventures with target customers and other
strategic partners, although we cannot guarantee we will be successful in these efforts. These types of arrangements may subsidize technology
development costs and qualification, filter design costs, and offer complementary technology and market intelligence and other avenues
to revenue. However, we intend to retain ownership of our core XBAW technology, intellectual property, designs, and related improvements.
Across our combined portfolio of Akoustis, XBAW, and RFMi products, we expect to continue development of catalog designs for multiple
customers and to offer such catalog products in multiple sales channels. 

Impact of COVID-19 on our Business 

The COVID-19 pandemic has significantly impacted
business activity across the globe. In particular, COVID-19 contributed to delays we observed in certain suppliers shipment of
materials necessary for us to manufacture our products and in certain vendors ability to deliver equipment for installation at
our facilities. Although the effects of COVID-19 and its impact on our supply chain have eased since the peak of the pandemic and related
lock-down protocols imposed by local governments, including China, we will continue to actively monitor the situation and may take further
actions altering our business operations that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, partners, suppliers,
and stakeholders, or as required by federal, state, or local authorities. The effect that any such alterations or modifications may have
on our business, including the effects on our customers, employees, and prospects, or on our financial results for fiscal year 2024 or
beyond is unclear. 

Recent Developments 

On July 11, 2022, we announced that we had named
Kamran Cheema as our new Chief Product Officer. 

On August 9, 2022, we announced that we had shipped
a second 5G mobile design in a new wafer-level-package to our first foundry customer. 

On August 24, 2022, we announced that we had received
a development order for two new XBAW diplexers from a Fortune 100 Internet company. 

On September 6, 2022, we announced that Senate
Majority Leader Charles E. Schumer toured our New York fabrication facility. 

On September 8, 2022, we announced that we entered
the gaming market with two design wins in Wi-Fi with two new customers. 

On September 14, 2022, we announced that we received
a development order for a new XBAW 5G mobile filter solution for a tier-1 RF module maker. 

On September 28, 2022, we announced that we received
our fourth design win for a 5G network infrastructure filter. 

On October 4, 2022, we announced that we had started
sampling two new Wi-Fi 6E and Wi-Fi 7 filter solutions. 

On October 6, 2022, we announced that we had become
a charter member of the Semiconductor Industry Association. 

On October 26, 2022, we announced that we had
received three new Wi-Fi 6E design wins for carrier-class applications. 

On November 21, 2022, we announced that we had
joined the Wi-Fi NOW industry association as an official filter partner. 

On December 21, 2022, we announced the completion
of qualification of our internally developed wafer-level-packaging (WLP) technology for the 5G mobile, Wi-Fi, timing control, and other
markets. 

On December 28, 2022, we announced our first design
win in 5G mobile from a Tier-1 RF component company customer. 

On January 4, 2023, we announced the acquisition
of GDSI, a U.S.-based, trusted supplier of semiconductor back-end supply chain services. 

On January 18, 2023, we announced that we had
received our first high-volume 5G mobile XBAW filter order from a Tier-1 RF component company. 

On January 25, 2023, we announced the closing
of a public offering of common stock and full exercise of the underwriters option to purchase additional shares. 

On March 23, 2023, we announced the appointment
of Michelle L. Petock, CEO of W Greig Company to our Board of Directors. 

On April 4, 2023, we announced that we received
a development order for Wi-Fi 6E/7 from a new RF module maker customer. 

On April 11, 2023, we introduced a new C-V2X XBAW 
filter for the automotive market. 

2 

On April 26, 2023, we announced a volume purchase
order for Wi-Fi 6E filters for a new, advanced, high-speed line of Wi-Fi 6E fixed infrastructure products. 

On May 3, 2023, we announced that we had received
our first Wi-Fi 7 design win from a leading enterprise-class customer. 

On May 24, 2023, we announced that we had received
two new Wi-Fi 6E design wins. 

On June 1, 2023, we introduced two new advanced
BAW RF filters for Wi-Fi 6E and Wi-Fi 7. 

One June 5, 2023, we announced that we would be
hosting a booth at the IEEE MTT-S International Microwave Symposium. 

On June 13, 2023, we launched our new, state-of-the-art
XBAW foundry services and AI-enabled engineering design services. 

On July 20, 2023, we announced that we had shipped
two new BAW filters using the XBAW foundry process to a 5G mobile and Wi-Fi router RF front-end module customer. 

On July 27, 2023, we introduced a new, advanced,
single-crystal AlScN on Si wafer XBAW technology. 

Financing 

We have not yet achieved profitability from operations,
and so have funded our operations largely with issuances of equity and debt securities, as well as development contracts, RF filter and
production orders, government grants, MEMS foundry services (which we exited in 2021) and engineering services. We have historically incurred
losses which are primarily the result of material and processing costs associated with developing and commercializing our technology,
as well as personnel costs, professional fees (primarily accounting and legal), and other general and administrative G A expenses. We expect to continue to incur substantial costs for the commercialization of our technology on a continuous basis because our
business model involves materials and solid-state device technology development and engineering of catalog and custom filter design solutions. 

The Company expects that its current cash and
cash equivalents are sufficient to fund its operations beyond the next twelve months from the date of filing of this Form 10-K. These
funds will be used to fund the Company s operations, including capital expenditures, R D, commercialization of our technology,
development of our patent strategy and expansion of our patent portfolio, as well as to provide working capital and funds for other general
corporate purposes. Except for the 48.0 million of Common Stock remaining available to be sold under its ATM Sales Agreement with Oppenheimer
 Co. Inc., Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, and Roth Capital Partners, LLC, the Company has no commitments or arrangements to obtain
any additional funds, and there can be no assurance such funds will be available on acceptable terms or at all. 

In the future, if the Company is unable to obtain
additional financing in a timely fashion and on acceptable terms when such financing is needed, its financial condition and results of
operations may be materially adversely affected, and it may not be able to continue operations or execute its stated commercialization
plan. 

Recent Financing Activity 

Equity Offering Program 

On May 2, 2022, the Company entered into an ATM Sales Agreement with
Oppenheimer Co. Inc., Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, and Roth Capital Partners, LLC pursuant to which the Company may sell from
time-to-time shares of its common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 50,000,000 (the 2022 Equity Offering Program ).
On May 25, 2022, the Company announced that it was suspending sales under the 2022 Equity Offering Program. If, in the future, the Company
determines to resume sales pursuant to the 2022 Equity Offering Program, it intends to notify investors by the filing of a Current Report
on Form 8-K or other filing with the SEC, or other public announcement. 

Convertible Note Offering 

On June 9, 2022, the Company issued 44.0 million
aggregate principal amount of its 6.0 Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (the Notes guaranteed by its wholly-owned subsidiary,
Akoustis, Inc. The Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture (the Indenture ), dated June 9, 2022, among the Company, the
Guarantor and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee. The Notes bear interest at a rate of 6.0 per year until maturity
on June 15, 2027, payable semi-annually beginning on December 15, 2022. At the Company s option, interest may be paid in cash and/or
shares of Common Stock. The initial conversion rate for the Notes is 212.3142 shares of Common Stock (subject to adjustment as provided
in the Indenture) per 1,000 principal amount of the Notes, which is equal to an initial conversion price of approximately 4.71 per
share. 

Underwritten Offering of Common Stock 

On January 19, 2023, the Company closed a public offering of 12,545,454
shares of Common Stock at a price to the public of 2.75 per share pursuant to an underwriting agreement with B. Riley Securities, Inc.,
as representative of the several underwriters named therein. The shares of Common Stock issued at closing included 1,636,363 shares issued
pursuant to the underwriters over-allotment option, which was exercised in full. Gross proceeds totaled 34.5 million before deducting
the underwriting discount and offering expenses of approximately 2.5 million, resulting in net proceeds from the offering of approximately
 32.0 million. Certain of the Company s directors and officers participated in the offering by purchasing shares on the same terms
and conditions as other investors. 

3 

Our XBAW Filter Technology and Business 

Current RF acoustic wave filters utilize piezoelectric
material physical properties, the resonator device structure and the manufacturing process technology. Existing BAW filters use an acoustic
wave ladder that is based on a monolithic topology approach using polycrystalline materials. 

XBAW technology encompasses cutting-edge polycrystalline, single-crystal
and other high purity piezoelectric materials, which are fabricated into bulk-mode, acoustic wave resonators and RF filters. Our innovative
piezoelectric materials contain high-purity Group III element nitride materials and possess a unique signature, which can be detected
by conventional material metrology tools. We utilize analytical modeling techniques to aid in the design and internal manufacturing of
our materials, whereby the raw substrate materials utilized in our XBAW process are sourced from a third party. Once our filter designs
are simulated and ready to manufacture, we supply the NY Facility raw materials, a mask design file, and a unique process sequence to
fabricate our resonators and filters. We hold many issued and pending patents on our XBAW wafer process flow, which is compatible with
wafer level packaging (WLP) that allows for low-profile, cost- effective filters to be produced. 

Technological Challenges Facing the Mobile
Device Industry 

Rising consumer demand for always-on wireless broadband
connectivity creates an unprecedented need for high performance RFFE modules for mobile devices. Mobile devices such as smartphones, tablets
and wearables are quickly becoming the primary means of accessing the Internet and driving the Internet of Things (IoT). Rapid growth
in mobile data traffic tests the limits of existing wireless bandwidth. Carriers and regulators have responded by opening new spectrums
of RF frequencies, driving up the number of frequency bands in mobile devices. This substantial increase in frequency bands has created
a demand for more filters, as well as a demand for filters with higher selectivity. The global transition to LTE and adoption of LTE-Advanced
with more sophisticated carrier aggregation and multiple-input, multiple-output (MIMO) techniques has continued to push the requirements
for increased supply of high-performance filters. Furthermore, the introduction of 5G mobile technologies and their associated frequencies
has created an even greater need for high-performance, high-frequency filters as the bands being auctioned have primarily been in the
3-6 GHz range, well above the frequencies of current networks. 

The new spectrum introduced by 4G/LTE and 5G
is driving spectrum licensing at higher frequencies than previous 3G smartphone models. For example, new TDD LTE frequencies allocated
for 5G wireless cover frequencies nearly twice as high as those covered in previous generation phones. As a result, the demand for filters
represents the single largest opportunity in the RFFE industry, according to a Mobile Experts 2022 report. For traditional low
band frequencies, SAW filters have been the primary choice, while high band solutions have utilized BAW filters due to their performance
and yield. While there are multiple sources of supply for SAW technology, the source of supply for BAW filters is more limited and essentially
dominated by two manufacturers worldwide. See Competition below. 

In addition, signal loss of current generation
acoustic wave filters is excessively high, and up to half of the transmit power is wasted as heat, which ultimately constrains battery
life. Another challenge is that the allocated spectrum for mobile communication bands requires high bandwidth RF filters, which, in turn,
requires wide bandwidth core resonator technology. In addition, filters with inferior selectivity either reduce the number or bandwidth
of operating bands the mobile device can support or increase the noise in the operating bands. Each of these problems negatively impacts
the end-user s experience when using the mobile device. 

The RFFE must meet growing data demands while
reducing cost and improving battery life. Our solution involves a new approach to RFFE component manufacturing, enabled by XBAW technology.
We expect our XBAW technology to produce filters that will reduce the overall system cost and improve performance of the RFFE. 

4 

Our XBAW Filter Solutions 

Our XBAW filter business is focused on the commercialization
of wide bandwidth RF filters operating in the high frequency spectrum known as the sub 8 GHz bands. Using our XBAW technology, we believe
these filters enable new power amplifier duplexer (PAD) module or RFFE competition for high band modules as well as performance-driven
low band applications. Initially, we expect to target select strategic RFFE market leaders as well as tier two mobile phone OEMs and/or
RFFE module suppliers. Longer term, the focus of our XBAW filter business will be to expand our market share by engaging with additional
mobile phone OEMs and RFFE module manufacturers. We manufacture our XBAW wafers in our Canandaigua, NY fabrication facility where we continue
to focus on the commercialization of our filters using our XBAW technology. We plan to continue develop a series of filter designs to
be used in the manufacturing of discrete filters, duplexers or more complex multiplexers targeting the 4G/LTE, 5G, Wi-Fi, automotive and
defense frequency bands. We believe our filter designs will create an alternative for, and replace, filters currently manufactured using
materials with fundamentally inferior performance. Figure 1 below illustrates characterization plots that represent the high power, high
bandwidth and high frequency capability of our high purity piezoelectric materials. 

Figure 1-Characteristics of our high purity
piezoelectric materials used to fabricate our BAW RF filters. 

Single-Band Discrete Designs, Duplexers
and Multiplexers 

SAW filters are generally desired in modern RFFE because of their performance,
small size and low cost. However, traditional SAW ladder designs do not perform well in high frequency bands or bands with closely spaced
receive and transmit channels, typical of many new bands. Therefore, BAW filters are preferred for these bands. In the NY Facility, we
fabricate BAW resonators, the building block of BAW filters, that offer high frequency, wide bandwidth and high-power performance. We
believe the improved efficiency provided by BAW filters will reduce the total cost of RFFE modules, offer efficient use of shared frequency
spectrum as well as reduce the battery demand of mobile devices. Additionally, we believe that our XBAW technology will allow for a single
manufacturing method that will support all of the BAW filter band range and a significant portion of the SAW band range. Figure 2 below
illustrates what we believe will be the frequency range of our XBAW technology. 

5 

Figure 2- The potential range of our technology. 

Pure-Play Filter Provider Enables New Module
Competition 

Our XBAW technology allows for a wide range of frequency
coverage, and we plan to supply XBAW filters that will support frequency bands from 2 to 20 GHz for 4G/LTE, 5G, Wi-Fi, automotive and
defense applications. We have successfully demonstrated resonators that will support the design and fabrication of 4G/LTE filters, Wi-Fi
filters and defense filters, with frequencies adjacent to the emerging 5G mobile auctions. We have transitioned our XBAW technology to
high volume manufacturing and aim to be a pure-play filter supplier that will address the increasing RF complexity placed on RFFE manufacturers
supporting 4G/LTE 5G, and Wi-Fi. Figure 3 illustrates historical and projected growth in RF complexity. 

Figure 3- Projected Increase in Filter content
in Mobile Phone Front End Modules (FEMs) from 2021 - 2027 (Source: Mobile Experts 2022). 

6 

Commercialization of XBAW Filters 

The immediate focus of our XBAW filter business is on the commercialization
of wide bandwidth RF filters to address the Wi-Fi, Network Infrastructure and Defense bands with innovative single-band designs using
our XBAW sub 8 GHz RF filter technology. We are currently developing commercial single-band XBAW filters through the NY Facility. We are
focused on developing fixed-band XBAW filters because we believe these designs present the greatest near-term potential for commercialization
of our technology, and that once demonstrated, the facility can be more efficiently readied for production compared to alternative technologies. 

Our technology development process consists of
the following five phases: 

1. 
 Pre-Alpha Demonstrate basic feasibility/capabilities 

2. 
 Alpha Develop stable recipe (Process freeze) with limited production
 development 

3. 
 Beta Complete technology qualification (Process qualification)
 in factory to enable product design 

4. 
 Pre-Production Demonstrate lead product production capabilities,
 release final design tools 

5. 
 Production Continual improvement of process and parametric
 performance 

We have completed all phases for our first generation
XBAW process technology called XB1. Additionally, we have received and delivered orders for pre-production products based on our XBAW
process technology, and as of end fiscal 2023, we have shipped more than 65 million XBAW filters to the 5G mobile, Wi-Fi, 5G infrastructure
and defense markets. 

Research and Development 

Since inception, the Company s focus has
been on developing an innovative wireless filter technology with a compelling value proposition to our potential customers and a significant
and noticeable impact to the end user. Compared to legacy polycrystalline material (used to manufacture RF resonators and filters), our
patented XBAW technology employs high purity piezoelectric films in our resonators, which are used as the enabler to create high performance
BAW RF filters. Our high purity piezoelectric materials are a key differentiator when compared to the incumbent amorphous thin-film technologies
because they increase the acoustic velocity, the electromechanical coupling coefficient in the resonator and/or high-power performance.
These technology features allow Akoustis to engineer RF filter solutions for a broad spectrum for multiple radio frequencies and thus
multiple end markets. 

Research and development expense totaled 33.2 million for the year
ended June 30, 2023, and 35.7 million for the year ended June 30, 2022. R D activities focused on high purity piezoelectric materials
development and resonator demonstration. Current R D investments include materials advancement, resonator development, RF filter design,
high yield wafer manufacturing and filter packaging. 

As a result of our efforts, we have developed
and introduced multiple new BAW filters which are currently sampling and in production with multiple customers across multiple markets.
Our focus remains on improving the electromechanical coupling and quality factor of our resonator technology and the performance of our
fabricated filters through design improvements and process optimization experiments. 

Recent Developments in R D 

We concentrated on several products and end markets in fiscal 2023
including 5G mobile, Wi-Fi, CBRS and 5G infrastructure, and the defense market. 

In 5G mobile, we have multiple active customer
engagements. Our first customer is a tier-2 RF module maker that is designing RF filters using our proprietary and patented XBAW 
process that will utilize our new, advanced wafer-level-packaging. This customer is expected to complete three filters designs utilizing
Akoustis PDK and enter pre-production in the first half of calendar 2024. Our second customer is a tier-1 RF component company and has
engaged Akoustis to develop two filters for 5G connectivity. Akoustis has shipped multiple designs to this customer over the past year
in new, advanced wafer-level-packaging. Our third mobile
customer is a tier-1 RF module maker that has engaged Akoustis to develop an XBAW filter to address a challenging coexistence
band in 5G mobile. We have provided a complete design to this customer for evaluation and expect to continue to work closely with this
customer over next 12 18 months. Finally, our fourth mobile customer is a leading tier-1 RF module maker that has engaged Akoustis
to develop a new 5G filter utilizing our new, state-of-the-art wafer-level-packaging technology. Akoustis delivered second iteration engineering
samples to this customer in the second half of fiscal 2023 and expects to continue to work closely with this customer over the next 12-18
months. 

7 

Advancements in our Wi-Fi portfolio continued in fiscal 2023. With
the FCC s decision to increase the available spectrum for Wi-Fi with the ratification of 5.9-7.1 GHz in April 2020, new filters
are needed that can operate at high frequency with ultra-wide bandwidth. This has driven investment in the development of both standard
and custom XBAW filters to address this new market over the past several years. We announced our first two Wi-Fi 6E filters
in fiscal 2021, including a 5.5 GHz and 6.5 GHz XBAW filter solution with 675 MHz and 1180 MHz of bandwidth. In early
fiscal 2022, we entered the Wi-Fi 6E market with our first design win in August of 2021 for a multiple-in-multiple-out (MIMO) gateway
product. By the end of the second quarter, we added multiple new Wi-Fi design wins and added two additional Wi-Fi 6E customers and one
additional Wi-Fi 6 customer in production, exiting the quarter with five customers in production, up from one at the end of the prior
calendar year. 

Figure 4 Wi-Fi 6E and emerging
Wi-Fi 7 channel frequency spectrum 

In early January 2022, we announced the addition of five additional
design wins in Wi-Fi, four in Wi-Fi 6E and one in Wi-Fi 6, bringing the total number of Wi-Fi design wins to thirteen. We added two additional
design wins in April 2022, bringing the total number to fifteen, and we received one additional design win in Wi-Fi 6E in the June 2022
quarter. In October 2022, we announced the addition of three new design wins in Wi-Fi 6E bringing total to nineteen. In May 2023, we announced
the addition of one design win in Wi-Fi 7 and two additional design wins in Wi-Fi 6 bringing total to twenty-two. We are currently sampling
and shipping volume pre-production and production filters with multiple OEMs, ODMs and SoC makers. 

In June 2020, we entered into a strategic purchase
agreement with a tier 1 enterprise-focused Wi-Fi OEM to create customer Wi-Fi 6E XBAW filters for a MU-MIMO enterprise router product.
During fiscal 2021 and 2022, we developed multiple filters for this customer, all of which have been design-locked and successfully completed
qualification in the June 2022 quarter. We entered into production with this customer in the first half of fiscal 2023. 

In April, 2021, we announced that we had developed
two new Wi-Fi 6E XBAW filters, a 5.6 GHz filter and a 6.6 GHz filter. The 5.6 GHz filter module covers the entire UNII 1-4 spectrum and
enables an additional 80 MHz and 160 MHz channel in UNII 4, while the 6.6 GHz filter module covers the UNII 5-8 spectrum. Current Wi-Fi
6E configurations allow for the use of six 80 MHz and three 160 MHz channels in the UNII 1-3 spectrum and fourteen 80 MHz and seven 160
MHz channels in the UNII 5-8 spectrum. The XBAW 5.6/6.6 GHz coexistence filter modules allow for the use of seven 80 MHz and three
160 MHz channels in the UNII 1-4 spectrum and twelve 80 MHz and six 160 MHz channels in the UNII 5-8 spectrum. Given that the 6 GHz portion
of the Wi-Fi 6E standard has begun to experience utilization relatively recently, this new XBAW coexistence solution allows for an
environment of greater capacity in the 5 GHz bands. We received our first order from a tier-1 consumer-focused OEM on the same day we
introduced the filters, with the first order for the development of new multi-user, multiple-in-multiple-out mesh routing products for
the consumer market. In June 2023, we announced the introduction of next generation 5.6 GHz and 6.6 GHz filters with improved performance
in a package greater than 4 times smaller compared to the previous generation of the product. 

We have had several significant advancements in
our CBRS and 5G mobile infrastructure business during fiscal 2022 and 2023. In the June quarter of fiscal 2022, we entered production
with three CBRS infrastructure OEM s, our first production ramps in mobile infrastructure. Also in that quarter, we finished the
first phase development of our new 3.8 GHz filter for the US market. In late calendar 2020, the FCC auctioned frequencies between 3.7
GHz and 3.98 GHz for 5G mobile use in the United States. Carriers are currently building networks that operate between 3.7 GHz and 3.98
GHz; we are running second iteration of our filters to address these bands and expect to begin sampling our new 3.8 GHz filter to OEMs
in late calendar 2023 for use in small cell base stations. 

In the defense market, we built on our early successes
in phased array radar and drone filters with the award of a Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) contract to advance XBAW
technology in October of 2020, and the award of a second DARPA contract in April 2022 to advance the Company s XBAW technology to
18 GHz. The first program, a Direct-to-Phase-2 (DP2) program, is to facilitate MEMS development, produce novel piezoelectric materials
and device designs for both commercial and defense markets. One of the major outcomes from the DP2 program is to develop a piezo MEMS
(PDK) for the Company s proprietary and patented XBAW process which is expected to support customer engagements that leverage the
PDK to create devices and circuits, including RF filters, using the XBAW process. Under the second program, the Company intends to develop
a novel mode overtone approach to circumvent trade-offs inherent in traditional BAW frequency scaling approaches. 

Akoustis currently has 17 commercial XBAW filters in its production
and greater than 18 XBAW filters in development. Current product catalog filters include a 5.6 GHz Wi-Fi filter, a 5.2 GHz Wi-Fi filter,
a 5.5 GHz Wi-Fi-6E filter, a 6.5 GHz Wi-Fi 6E filter, three small cell 5G network infrastructure filters including two Band n77 filters
and one Band n79 filter, a 3.8 GHz filter for defense phased-array radar applications, and a 3.6 GHz filter for the CBRS 5G infrastructure
market. New developments include standard catalog and custom filters for the sub-7 GHz bands targeting 5G mobile device, network infrastructure,
Wi-Fi CPE, automotive and defense markets. 

8 

Our RFMi Technology and Business 

RFMi is focused on supplying SAW and Xtal based
frequency components to automotive, industrial IoT, medical, telecom, consumer, and other markets. The team designs, develops and markets
under RFMi-branded SAW band pass filters, notch filters, diplexers, duplexers, resonators and delay lines, as well as Xtal resonators,
temperature sensing Xtal resonators, temperature compensated crystal oscillators TCXO"), voltage controlled temperature
compensated crystal oscillators VCTCXO ), crystal oscillators XO"), voltage controlled crystal oscillators VCXO ), oven controlled crystal oscillators OCXO and Xtal filters, etc. 

Technological Challenges Facing Customers
for RFMi-branded Solutions 

While wireless spectrum expands to above 3GHz
where Akoustis XBAW products are focused, the spectrum under 3GHz is also becoming more and more crowded. Customers are losing guard
bands next to their operating spectrum to competing applications and operators, and co-existence has become necessary
for functionality for wireless electronics. LTE applications increasingly need to co-exist with Industrial, Scientific, and Medical ISM band applications, satellite signals are interfered by terrestrial signals, industrial wireless control signals are saturated by communication
signals, even medical wireless signals can be interrupted by other RF power outputs. The more traditional filtering technologies, like
L-C (inductor capacitor) and ceramic filters, may not have a Q factor high enough to supply steep roll-off from passband to rejection
band. On the other hand, the demand for available data has also exploded, due to the increasing speed of data transmission and digital
communication, which requires faster and more accurate piezo-ceramic resonators. 

Our RFMi-branded Solutions for the RFMi
Customers 

RFMi is addressing jamming and high data rate
problems by focusing on frequency components and supplying diverse and flexible SAW and Xtal products. In its operation spectrum (about
30MHz to 3GHz), SAW technology offers one of the highest Q factors. RFMi provides custom and standard SAW band pass filters to allow
a signal spectrum to pass while rejecting the other signals, as well as a SAW diplexer with one input and two output, SAW duplexers that
transmit and receive simultaneously for Frequency Division Duplex FDD applications, and SAW resonators for high frequency
transmitters, as well as custom delay lines. For Xtal products, instead of only supplying standard Xtal resonators at a few frequencies,
RFMi provides a family of Xtal products and supports custom designs to accommodate a wider temperature range than standard products,
stable frequency, and low jitter and phase noise. 

Our GDSI Services and Business 

GDSI supplies advanced back-end wafer processing and
supply chain services to over 250 customers across multiple industries including automotive, IoT, defense, medical, optical and communications.
Its services process multiple materials including silicon, silicon carbide, silicon germanium, fused silica, quartz, alumina, ceramics,
MEMS, optical filers and components, gallium nitride and PZT. 

Service Challenges Facing Customers of GDSI-branded
Solutions 

Semiconductor manufacturers in North America typically
use overseas assembly and test OSAT partners for die preparation, which can take multiple weeks for service and delivery of a finished
product. GDSI is an ideal partner for complex die preparation for North American customers as it can offer same day service, in addition
to advanced prototyping and production capacity for customers with low lead times. Additionally, GDSI has ISO, ITAR and Trusted Foundry
Supplier (CAT 1A rank) accreditations, allowing it to service defense companies in the United States that often cannot outsource production
to overseas partners. 

Our GDSI-branded Solutions for GDSI Customers 

GDSI offers wafer-thinning services for wafers
up to 300 millimeters, die grinding, ultra-thin wafer grinding at greater than 50um, bonded wafers, and bumped wafers. The services offer
tight tolerances for TTV and final thickness accuracy, 3DICs/TSV with via reveal or grinding into interposer, DBG for ultra-thin die or
increased die strength. GDSI also offers wafer polishing services for wafers up to 200 millimeters using a chemical mechanical polish
with a mirror finish with a Ra 

Raw Materials 

Within its internal manufacturing operation for
XBAW filters, Akoustis sources raw materials, process gases, metals and other miscellaneous supplies to fabricate its BAW RF filter circuits.
Materials range from substrates (used to deposit key piezoelectric materials) to standard dielectric-based laminates (used for packaging
of the RF filter circuits). The Company sources at least two types of substrate materials for its BAW process and we have more than
one supplier for one material and a single source for the other. Multiple process gases are used for material synthesis, process etching
and wafer treatment. While there is more than one supplier for most process gases, the purity levels of such gases may change by source.
Hence, either purification or process requalification may be required when purchasing from a second source is required. Akoustis sources
various high purity metals for electrode formation and interconnect layers for its RF circuits. Such metals are available in various
purity levels and are available from more than one supplier. Other process handling hardware common to the semiconductor industry is
available in abundance from multiple suppliers. Consistent with other semiconductor manufacturers, the Company may have to work with
all its suppliers to ensure adequate supply of raw materials, process gases and metals as the Company ramps from R D into high volume
manufacturing. 

9 

RFMi Supply Chain 

RFMi mainly relies on its contract manufacturer,
Tai-Saw Technology Co., Ltd. TST to source raw materials, such as different chemicals and gases for front and back-end
manufacturing, quartz, lithium tantalate and certain bonded wafers, metal targets, Xtal blanks, semiconductor IC s, aluminum bonding
wires and flip chip gold stub bump supplies, packages and lids. Most raw materials have dual or multi-sources. However, certain materials,
e.g., high temperature co-fired ceramic HTCC ceramic packages, bonded wafers and automotive grade TCXO/VCTCXO IC s
are single-sourced as there is no alternative supplier or the alternative supplier does not guarantee automotive grade materials. Many
of RFMi s customers are automotive and require a Production Part Approval Process PPAP ), where using an alternative
source may require re-PPAP and take efforts and time. RFMi intends to diversity its supply chain, however, it takes time and resources.
Certain raw material, like HTCC ceramic packages, may not have a second source for the foreseeable future. 

Intellectual Property 

We rely on a combination of intellectual property
rights, including patents and trade secrets, along with copyrights, trademarks and contractual obligations and restrictions to protect
our core technology and business. 

In the United States and internationally, as of August
25, 2023, our IP portfolio included 104 patents, including one blocking patent that we have licensed from Cornell University. Additionally,
we have 108 active and pending patent applications. These patents cover our XBAW RF filter technology from the substrate level through
the system application layer. Where possible, we leverage both federal and state level R D grants to support development and commercialization
of our technology. Our owned patents expire between 2034 and 2040. We intend to continue to innovate and expand our patent portfolio,
and when appropriate, we will look to purchase license(s) that grant access to additional intellectual property that enables, enhances
or further expands our technical capabilities and/or product. 

We believe that Akoustis has competitive advantages
from rights granted under our patent applications. Some applications, however, may not result in the issuance of any patents. In addition,
any future patent may be opposed, contested, circumvented or designed around by a third party or found to be unenforceable or invalidated.
Others may develop technologies that are similar or superior to our proprietary technologies, duplicate our proprietary technologies
or design around patents owned or licensed by us. 

We generally control access to, and use of, our
confidential information through the use of internal and external controls, including contractual protections with employees, contractors
and customers. We rely in part on the United States and international copyright laws to protect our intellectual property. All employees
and consultants are required to execute confidentiality and intellectual property assignment agreements in connection with their employment
and consulting relationships with us. We also require them to agree to disclose and assign to us all inventions conceived or made in
connection with the employment or consulting relationship. 

Competition 

The RF filter market is controlled by a relatively
small number of RF component suppliers. These companies include, among others, Broadcom Corporation, Murata Manufacturing Co., Ltd.( Murata ),
Qorvo, Inc., Skyworks Solutions Inc., Taiyo Yuden Co. Ltd., and Qualcomm Incorporated. Broadcom Corporation and Qorvo, Inc. dominate
the high band BAW filter market, controlling a significant portion of the customer base and are increasing capacity to meet the growing
RF filter demand of the 4G/5G cellular market. 

We compete directly with these companies to secure
design slots inside RFFE module targeting companies that procure filters or internally source filters. While many of our competitors have
more resources than we have, we believe that our filter designs will be superior in performance, and we approach prospective customers
as a pure-play filter supplier, offering advantages in performance over the full frequency range at competitive costs. Our challenges
include convincing our customers that we have a strong intellectual property position, we will be able to deliver in volume, we will meet
their price targets, and we can satisfy quality, reliability and other requirements. For a list of other competitive factors, see Item
1A. Risk Factors - We are still developing many of our products, and they may not be accepted in the market. 

10 

The Xtal market is more mature and there are
many players, including Epson, KDS Daishinku, Kyocera, Murata and NDK from Japan and TXC from Taiwan. Our RFMi products are largely focused
on niche markets such as Industrial IoT and professional audio, which may reduce competition with these large, high volume competitors.
In addition, our RFMi products primarily consist of TCXO, VCTCXO and VCXO, instead of low cost Xtal. However, we may still compete with
market participants with more resources and purchasing power than us. 

Employees 

We place an emphasis on hiring the best talent
at the right time to enable our core technology and business growth. This includes establishing a competitive compensation and benefits
package, thereby enhancing our ability to recruit experienced personnel and key technologists. As of June 30, 2023, we had a total of
222 full-time employees. We will continue to hire specific and targeted positions to further enable our technology and manufacturing capabilities
as and when appropriate. 

Government Regulations 

Our business and products in development are or may
become subject to regulation by various federal and state governmental agencies, including the radio frequency emission regulatory activities
of the Federal Communications Commission (the FCC ), the consumer protection laws of the Federal Trade Commission (the FTC ),
the import/export regulatory activities of the Department of Commerce, international traffic in arms regulations (ITAR) administered by
the Department of State, the product safety regulatory activities of the Consumer Products Safety Commission, and the environmental regulatory
activities of the Environmental Protection Agency (the EPA ). 

The rules and regulations of the FCC limit the
RF used by, and level of power emitting from, electronic equipment. Our RF filters, as a key element enabling consumer electronic smartphone
equipment, are required to comply with these FCC rules and may require certification, verification or registration of our RF filters
with the FCC. Certification and verification of new equipment requires testing to ensure the equipment s compliance with the FCC s
rules. The equipment must be labeled according to the FCC s rules to show compliance with these rules. Testing, processing of the
FCC s equipment certificate or FCC registration and labeling may increase development and production costs and could delay the
implementation of our XBAW acoustic wave resonator technology for our RF filters and the launch and commercial productions of our filters
into the U.S. market. Electronic equipment permitted or authorized to be used by us through FCC certification or verification procedures
must not cause harmful interference to licensed FCC users, and may be subject to RF interference from licensed FCC users. Selling, leasing
or importing non-compliant equipment is considered a violation of FCC rules and federal law, and violators may be subject to an enforcement
action by the FCC. Any failure to comply with the applicable rules and regulations of the FCC could have an adverse effect on our business,
operating results and financial condition by increasing our compliance costs and/or limiting our sales in the United States. 

Like our XBAW products, RFMi s SAW and
Xtal products are frequency components and are subject to similar FCC rules. For instance, many of RFMi s customers operate in
ISM (Industrial, Scientific, and Medical) band, MICS (Medical Implant Communication System), WMTS (Wireless Medical Telemetry Service)
and other bands regulated by FCC, in which transmission power level is restricted and products have to pass the FCC, and in certain cases
FDA certification to be allowed in the market. Even though RFMi s components do not need to be certified by FCC and/or FDA, our
customers modules and systems which incorporate RFMi components may need to be certified. Any failure of RFMi s customers to be
certified would affect RFMi s sales. 

The semiconductor and electronics industries
also have been subject to increasing environmental regulations. A number of domestic and foreign jurisdictions seek to restrict the use
of various substances, a number of which have been used in our products in development or processes. While we have implemented a compliance
program to ensure our product offering meets these regulations, there may be instances where alternative substances will not be available
or commercially feasible, or may only be available from a single source, or may be significantly more expensive than their restricted
counterparts. Additionally, if we were found to be non-compliant with any such rule or regulation, we could be subject to fines, penalties
and/or restrictions imposed by government agencies that could adversely affect our operating results. We will continue to monitor our
quality program and expand as required to maintain compliance and ability to audit our supply chain. 

Noncompliance with applicable regulations or
requirements could subject us to investigations, sanctions, mandatory product recalls, enforcement actions, disgorgement of profits,
fines, damages, civil and criminal penalties, or injunctions. An adverse outcome in any such litigation could require us to pay contractual
damages, compensatory damages, punitive damages, attorneys fees and costs. These enforcement actions could harm our business,
financial condition and results of operations. If any governmental sanctions are imposed, or if we do not prevail in any possible civil
or criminal litigation, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In addition,
responding to any action will likely result in a significant diversion of management s attention and resources and an increase
in professional fees. 

Recent Legislation 

On August 9, 2022, President Biden signed into law
the CHIPS and Science Act of 2022, which appropriates funds to support the construction of semiconductor plants in the United States and
advancement of United States semiconductor research and development. The Company is seeking to expand its domestic manufacturing footprint
including both semiconductors and advanced packaging at our NY campus under the DoC Chips for America program. We are currently awaiting
feedback on our pre-application from the DoC and we expect to file a final application by the end of the calendar year. 

11 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

This section is a summary of the risks that we
presently believe are material to the operations of the Company. Additional risks of which we are not presently aware or which we presently
deem immaterial may also impair the Company s business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Risk Factors Summary 

Risks Related to our Business and the Industry
in which we Operate 

We have a limited operating history upon which investors can evaluate our business and future prospects. 

We may not generate sufficient revenues to achieve profitability. 

We have recently engaged, and may in the future engage, in acquisitions that could disrupt our business, cause dilution to our shareholders and harm our financial condition and operating results. 

We are subject to a number of restrictive covenants relating to our indebtedness, which may restrict our business and financing activities. 

Our business, results of operation and financial condition have been, and could in the future be, adversely affected by a pandemic, epidemic or other public health emergency. 

The industry and the markets in which the Company operates are highly competitive and subject to rapid technological change. 

We are still developing many of our products, and they may not be accepted in the market. 

Winning business in the semiconductor industry is subject to a lengthy process that often requires us to incur significant expense, from which we may ultimately generate no revenue. 

We face risks associated with the operation of our manufacturing facility. 

The ongoing supply shortage experienced by the semiconductor industry has disrupted, and will likely continue to disrupt normal business activity, and may have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 

The average selling prices of semiconductor products in our markets have often decreased rapidly and may do so in the future. 

Problems in scaling our manufacturing operations or poor manufacturing yields could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Industry overcapacity could cause us to underutilize our manufacturing facilities and have a material adverse effect on our financial performance. 

We face intense competition, which may cause pricing pressures, decreased gross margins and loss of potential market share and may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We contract with a number of large service providers and product companies that have considerable bargaining power, which may require us to agree to terms and conditions that could have an adverse effect on our business or ability to recognize revenues. 

We may be subject to risks related to doing business in, and having counterparties based in, foreign countries. 

Economic regulation in China could adversely impact our business and results of operations. 

We depend on a few large customers for a substantial portion of our revenue. 

Global shortages in manufacturing capacities could negatively affect our operations and negatively impact our results of operations. 

Changes in general economic conditions, together with other factors, cause significant upturns and downturns in the industry, and our business, therefore, may also experience cyclical fluctuations in the future. 

If we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel to contribute to the development, manufacture and sale of our products, we may not be able to effectively operate our business. 

12 

Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 

If we fail to obtain, maintain and enforce our intellectual property
 rights, we may not be able to prevent third parties from using our proprietary technologies. 

We have a limited number of patent applications, which may not result
 in issued patents or patents that fully protect our intellectual property. 

We are and may in the future be involved in lawsuits to protect or
 enforce our patents, which could be expensive, time-consuming and unsuccessful. 

We need to protect our trademark rights and disclosure of our trade
 secrets to prevent competitors from taking advantage of our goodwill. 

Development of certain technologies with our customers or manufacturers
 may result in restrictions on jointly-developed intellectual property. 

We are and may be subject to claims of infringement, misappropriation
 or misuse of third party intellectual property that, regardless of merit, could result in significant expense and loss of our intellectual
 property rights. 

Risks Related to our Financial Condition 

We
have a history of losses, will need substantial additional funding to continue our operations and may not achieve or sustain profitability
in the future. 

Servicing our debt requires a significant amount of cash or Common Stock, and we may not have sufficient cash flow from our business or have the ability to issue the necessary number of shares of Common Stock to pay our substantial debt. 

Risks Related to Regulatory Requirements 

Government regulation may adversely affect our business. 

We may incur substantial expenses in connection with regulatory requirements, and any regulatory compliance failure could cause our business to suffer. 

There could be an adverse change or increase in the laws and/or regulations governing our business. 

Investment Risks 

Our common stock has been thinly traded and its share price in the
 public markets has experienced, and may in the future experience, extreme volatility. 

Stockholders may experience dilution of their ownership interests because
 of the future issuance of additional shares of our stock or other securities. 

General Risk Factors 

Security breaches and other disruptions could compromise our proprietary
 information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer. 

Litigation or legal proceedings, including product liability claims,
 could expose us to significant liabilities, occupy a significant amount of our management s time and attention and damage our
 reputation. 

There could be an adverse change or increase in the laws and/or regulations
 governing our business. 

13 

Risks Related to our Business and the Industry
in which we Operate 

We have a limited operating history upon
which investors can evaluate our business and future prospects. 

We are an emerging commercial company that began meaningful
commercial operations in 2019 by selling advanced single-crystal BAW filter products for RFFEs for use in the mobile wireless device industry.
Historically, we have primarily focused on R D of high efficiency acoustic wave resonator technology utilizing single-crystal piezoelectric
materials, and have not become profitable from operations. 

Since our expectations of potential customers
and future demand for our products are based on only limited experience, it is difficult for our management and our investors to accurately
forecast and evaluate our future prospects and our revenues. Our proposed progression of our operations is therefore subject to all of
the risks inherent in light of the expenses, difficulties, complications and delays frequently encountered in connection with the growth
of any new business and the development of a product, as well as those risks that are specific to our business in particular. The risks
include, but are not limited to, our reliance on third parties to complete some processes for the manufacturing and packaging of our
products, the possibility that we will not be able to develop functional and scalable products, or that although functional and scalable,
our products and/or services will not be accepted in the market. To successfully introduce and market our products at a profit, we must
establish brand name recognition and competitive advantages for our products. There are no assurances that the Company can successfully
address these challenges. If it is unsuccessful, the Company and its business, financial condition and operating results will be materially
and adversely affected. 

14 

We may not generate sufficient revenues
to achieve profitability. 

We have incurred operating losses since our inception
and expect to continue to have negative cash flow from operations. We have only generated minimal revenues from shipment of product while
our primary sources of funds have been R D grants, MEMS foundry services (which we exited in 2021), issuances of our equity, and
debt. Our future profitability will depend on our ability to create a sustainable business model and generate sufficient revenues, which
is subject to a number of factors, including our ability to successfully implement our strategies and execute our R D plan, our ability
to implement our improved design and cost reductions into manufacturing of our RF filters, the availability of funding, market acceptance
of our products, consumer demand for end products incorporating our products, our ability to compete effectively in a crowded field,
our ability to respond effectively to technological advances by timely introducing our new technologies and products, and global economic
and political conditions. 

Our future profitability also depends on our
expense levels, which are influenced by a number of factors, including the resources we devote to developing and supporting our projects
and potential products, the continued progress of our research and development of potential products, our ability to improve R D
efficiencies, license fees or royalties we may be required to pay, and the potential need to acquire licenses to new technology, the
availability of intellectual property for licensing or acquisition, or the use of our technology in new markets, which could require
us to pay unanticipated license fees and royalties in connection with these licenses. 

Our development and commercialization efforts
may prove more expensive than we currently anticipate, and we may not succeed in increasing our revenues to offset higher expenses. These
expenses, among other things, may cause our net income and working capital to decrease. If we fail to generate sufficient revenue and
manage our expenses, we may never achieve profitability, which would adversely and materially affect our ability to provide a return
to our investors. 

We have recently engaged, and may in the
future engage, in acquisitions that could disrupt our business, cause dilution to our shareholders and harm our financial condition and
operating results. 

In October 2021, we acquired a majority ownership
position in RFM Integrated Device, Inc. RFMi and, on April 29, 2022, exercised the right to acquire the remaining 49 .
In January 2023, we acquired all of the outstanding capital stock of Grinding and Dicing Services, Inc. GDSI ). The consideration
for the acquisitions has included cash, common stock, a secured promissory note, as well as a possible earn-out payment with respect to
RFMi that may be paid in cash or common stock based on its future trading price. We may in the future make additional acquisitions of,
or investments in, companies that we believe have products or capabilities that are a strategic or commercial fit with our current business
or otherwise offer opportunities for our company. In connection with these acquisitions or investments, we may: 

issue common stock or other forms of equity that would dilute our existing
 shareholders percentage of ownership, 

incur debt and assume liabilities, and 

incur amortization expenses related to intangible assets or incur large
 and immediate write-offs. 

We may not be able to complete acquisitions on
favorable terms, if at all. If we do complete an acquisition, such as of RFMi and GDSI, we cannot assure you that it will ultimately strengthen
our competitive position, that it will be viewed positively by customers, financial markets or investors or that we will otherwise realize
the expected benefits of such an acquisition to the anticipated extent or at all. Furthermore, the acquisitions of RFMi and GDSI and any
future acquisitions could pose numerous additional risks to our expected operations, including, but not limited to: 

problems integrating the purchased business, products or technologies, 

challenges in achieving strategic objectives, cost savings and other
 anticipated benefits, 

increases to our expenses, 

the assumption of significant liabilities, which may have been previously
 unknown or not discoverable through diligence, that exceed the limitations of any applicable indemnification provisions or the financial
 resources of any indemnifying party, 

inability to maintain relationships with prospective key customers,
 vendors and other business partners of the acquired businesses, 

15 

diversion of management s attention from its day-to-day responsibilities, 

difficulty in maintaining controls, procedures and policies during
 the transition and integration, 

entrance into marketplaces where we have no or limited prior experience
 and where competitors have stronger marketplace positions, 

potential stockholder litigation challenging the acquisition, which could result in significant costs of defense, indemnification and liability, 

potential loss of key employees, particularly those of the acquired
 entity, and 

historical financial information may not be representative or indicative
 of our results as a combined company. 

Acquisitions may also have unanticipated tax,
legal, regulatory and accounting ramifications, including recording goodwill and non-amortizable intangible assets that are
subject to impairment testing on a regular basis and potential periodic impairment charges and incurring amortization expenses
related to certain intangible assets. 

If our goodwill and intangible assets on
our consolidated balance sheet arising from the RFMi and GDSI acquisitions become impaired, it would require us to record a material
charge to earnings in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

As a result of our acquisitions of RFMi and GDSI,
we recorded approximately 14.6 million of goodwill and 17.7 million of intangible assets which are currently shown as assets on our
consolidated balance sheet at June 30, 2023. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP require us to test our goodwill
and intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently if indicators for potential impairment exist. The testing
required by GAAP involves estimates and judgments by management. Although we believe our assumptions and estimates are reasonable and
appropriate, any changes in key assumptions, including a failure to meet business plans or other unanticipated events and circumstances,
may affect the accuracy or validity of such estimates. If in the future we determine that an impairment exists, we may be required to
record a material charge to earnings in our consolidated financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill
or intangible assets is determined. 

We are subject to a number of restrictive
covenants relating to our indebtedness, which may restrict our business and financing activities. 

The indenture governing our convertible notes
imposes operating and other restrictions on us. Such restrictions may affect, and in many respects limit or prohibit, among other things,
our ability to: 

incur or guarantee additional indebtedness; 

issue preferred stock or stock of any subsidiary; 

make investments or acquisitions; 

merge, consolidate, dissolve or liquidate; 

16 

engage in certain asset sales (including the sale of stock of our subsidiary); 

grant liens (except permitted liens); 

pay dividends; 

engage in transactions with our affiliates; and 

enter into a new line of business. 

The restrictions in the indenture governing the
convertible notes may prevent us from taking actions that we believe would be in the best interests of our business, and may make it
difficult for us to successfully execute our business strategy or effectively compete with companies that are not similarly restricted.
We also may incur future debt obligations that might subject us to additional restrictive covenants that could affect our financial and
operational flexibility. Our ability to comply with these covenants in future periods will largely depend on the pricing of our products
and services, and our ability to successfully implement our overall business strategy. We cannot assure you that we will be granted waivers
or amendments to these agreements if for any reason we are unable to comply with these agreements. The breach of any of these covenants
and restrictions could result in a default under the indenture governing the convertible notes, which could result in an acceleration
of our indebtedness. 

Our
business, results of operation and financial condition have been, and could in the future be, adversely affected by a pandemic, epidemic
or other public health emergency. 

The COVID-19 pandemic had a significant impact
on worldwide economic activity and caused disruptions in our supply chain and distribution networks as well as sales activity. Another
pandemic, including a new COVID-19 variant, or other public health emergency, together with preventative measures taken to contain or
mitigate such crises, could adversely impact our results of operations and financial conditions. In addition, a pandemic or other public
health emergency could impact the proper functioning of financial and capital markets, foreign currency exchange rates, product and energy
costs, labor supply and costs, and interest rates. Any pandemic or other public health emergency could also amplify the other risks and
uncertainties described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

We cannot reasonably predict the ultimate impact
of any pandemic or other public health emergency, including the extent of any adverse impact on our business, results of operations and
financial condition, which will depend on, among other things, the duration and spread, the impact of governmental regulations that may
be imposed in response, the effectiveness of actions taken to contain or mitigate the outbreak, the availability, safety and efficacy
of vaccines, including against emerging variants of the infectious disease, and global economic conditions. 

17 

Our sales efforts typically function by in-person
meetings with customers and potential customers to discuss our products. The method and timing of these meetings has been altered due
to stay-at-home orders and travel restrictions relating to COVID-19. This limitation on the ability of our sales personnel to maintain
their customary interaction with customers may negatively affect demand for our products. We have also found that potential customers
have been forced to slow and reprioritize various product development projects as a result of COVID-19. This disruption to our sales
activity and our customers businesses, and the resulting delay in the growth of our business, may have a material adverse effect
on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Furthermore, a reduction or delay in revenues will prolong our dependence
on capital raising to finance our operations. 

The industry and the markets in which the
Company operates are highly competitive and subject to rapid technological change. Therefore, in order for our products to be competitive
and achieve market acceptance, we need to keep pace with rapid development of new process technologies. 

The markets in which we compete are intensely
competitive. We operate primarily in the industry that designs and produces semiconductor components for wireless communications and
other wireless devices, which is subject to rapid changes in both product and process technologies based on demand and evolving industry
standards. The markets for our products are characterized by: 

rapid technological developments and product evolution, 

rapid changes in customer requirements, 

frequent new product introductions and enhancements, 

continuous demand for higher levels of integration, decreased size
 and decreased power consumption, 

short product life cycles with declining prices over the life cycle
 of the product, and 

evolving industry standards. 

The continuous evolutions of these technologies
and frequent introduction of new products and enhancements have generally resulted in short product life cycles for wireless semiconductor
products, in general, and for RFFEs, in particular. Our R D activity and resulting products could become obsolete or less competitive
sooner than anticipated because of a faster than anticipated change in one or more of the above-noted factors. Therefore, in order for
our products to be competitive and achieve market acceptance, we need to keep pace with rapid development of new process technologies,
which requires us to: 

respond effectively to technological advances by timely introducing
 new technologies and products, 

successfully implement our strategies and execute our R D plan
 in practice, 

improve the efficiency of our technology, and 

implement our improved design and cost reductions into manufacturing
 of our RF filters. 

We are still developing many of our products,
and they may not be accepted in the market. 

Although we believe that our XBAW acoustic wave
resonator technology, which utilizes high purity piezoelectric materials, provides material advantages over existing RF filters technologies,
and we have developed and are currently developing various methods of integration suitable for implementation of this technology into
RF filters, we cannot be certain that our RF BAW filters will be able to achieve or maintain market acceptance. While we have fabricated
R D filters that demonstrate the performance of our XBAW technology, and this technology has been qualified for mass production,
the Company is undergoing a critical production ramp to commercial scale. There are no assurances that we can successfully overcome many
of the risks and uncertainties frequently encountered by companies in new and rapidly evolving fields. In addition to our limited operating
history, we will depend on a limited number of manufacturers and customers for a significant portion of our revenue in the future and
we cannot guarantee their acceptance of our products. Each of these factors may adversely affect our ability to implement our business
strategy and achieve our business goals. 

18 

The successful development of our XBAW technology
and market acceptance of our RF BAW filters will be highly complex and will depend on the following principal competitive factors, including
our ability to: 

comply with industry standards and effectively compete against current
 technology for producing RF acoustic wave filters, 

differentiate our products from offerings of our competitors by delivering
 RF BAW filters that are higher in quality, reliability and technical performance, 

anticipate customer and market requirements, changes in technology
 and industry standards and timely develop improved technologies that meet high levels of satisfaction of our potential customers, 

maintain, grow and manage our internal teams to the extent we increase
 our operations and develop new segments of our business, 

develop and maintain successful collaborative, strategic, and other
 relationships with manufacturers, customers and contractors, 

protect, develop or otherwise obtain adequate intellectual property
 for our technology and our filters; and 

obtain strong financial, sales, marketing, technical and other resources
 necessary to develop, test, manufacture, commercialize and market our filters. 

If we are unsuccessful in accomplishing these
objectives, we may not be able to compete successfully against current and potential competitors. As a result, our XBAW technology and
our RF filters may not be accepted in the market and we may never attain profitability. 

Winning business in the semiconductor industry
is subject to a lengthy process that often requires us to incur significant expense, from which we may ultimately generate no revenue. 

Our business is dependent on us winning competitive
bid selection processes, known as design wins . These selection processes are typically lengthy and can require us to dedicate
significant development expenditures and scarce engineering resources in pursuit of a single customer opportunity. Failure to obtain
a particular design win may prevent us from obtaining design wins in subsequent generations of a particular product. This can result
in lost revenue and can weaken our position in future selection processes. 

Winning a product design does not guarantee sales
to a customer. A delay or cancellation of a customer s plans could materially and adversely affect our financial results, as we
incur significant expense in the design process and may generate little or no revenue from it. In addition, the timing of design wins
is unpredictable and implementing production for a major design win, or multiple design wins at the same time, may strain our resources
and supply chain. In such event, we may be forced to dedicate significant additional resources and incur additional costs and expenses.
Further, often customers will only purchase limited numbers of evaluation units until they qualify the products and/or the manufacturing
line for those products. The qualification process can take significant time and resources. Delays in qualification or failure to qualify
our products may cause a customer to discontinue use of our products and result in a significant loss of revenue. Finally, customers
could choose at any time to stop using our products or could fail to successfully market and sell their products, which could reduce
demand for our products, and cause us to hold excess inventory, materially adversely affecting our business, financial condition and
results of operations. These risks are exacerbated by the fact that many of our products, and the end products into which our products
are incorporated, often have very short life cycles. 

We face risks associated with the operation
of our manufacturing facility. 

We operate a wafer fabrication facility in Canandaigua,
NY that we acquired in June 2017. We currently use several international and domestic suppliers to assemble and test our products, as
well as our own test and tape and reel facilities located in the U.S. 

A number of factors related to our facilities
will affect our business and financial results, including the following: 

our ability to adjust production capacity in a timely fashion in response
 to changes in demand for our products; 

the significant fixed costs of operating the facilities; 

factory utilization rates; 

our ability to qualify our facilities for new products and new technologies
 in a timely manner; 

the availability of raw materials, the impact of the volatility of
 commodity pricing and tariffs imposed on raw materials, including substrates, gold, platinum and high purity source materials such
 as gallium, aluminum, arsenic, indium, silicon, phosphorous and palladium; 

our manufacturing cycle times; 

our manufacturing yields; 

our ability to hire, train and manage qualified production personnel; 

our compliance with applicable environmental and other laws and regulations;
 and 

our ability to avoid prolonged periods of down-time in our facilities
 for any reason. 

19 

We are dependent upon third parties for
the supply of raw materials and components. 

Our manufacturing operations depend on obtaining
adequate supplies of raw materials and components used in our manufacturing processes at a competitive cost, including silicon wafers,
copper lead frames, precious and rare earth metals, ceramic packages and various chemicals and gases. Although we maintain relationships
with suppliers located around the world with the objective of ensuring that we have adequate sources for the supply of raw materials
and components for our manufacturing needs, increases in demand from the semiconductor industry for such raw materials and components,
as well as increased demand for commodities in general, can result in tighter supplies and higher costs. Our suppliers may not be able
to meet our delivery schedules, we may lose a significant or sole supplier, a supplier may not be able to meet performance and quality
specifications and we may not be able to purchase such supplies or material at a competitive cost. If a supplier were unable to meet
our delivery schedules or if we lost a supplier or a supplier were unable to meet performance or quality specifications, our ability
to satisfy customer obligations would be materially and adversely affected. In addition, we review our relationships with suppliers of
raw materials and components for our manufacturing needs on an ongoing basis. In connection with our ongoing review, we may modify or
terminate our relationship with one or more suppliers. We may also enter into sole supplier arrangements to meet certain of our raw material
or component needs. While we do not typically rely on a single source of supply for our raw materials, we are currently dependent on
a limited number of sole-source suppliers. If we were to lose these sole sources of supply, for any reason, a material adverse effect
on our business could result until an alternate source is obtained. As certain materials are highly specialized, the lead time needed
to identify and qualify a new supplier is typically lengthy and there is often no readily available alternative source. To the extent
we enter into additional sole supplier arrangements for any of our raw materials or components, the risks associated with our supply
arrangements would be exacerbated. 

The ongoing supply
shortage experienced by the semiconductor industry has disrupted and will likely continue to disrupt normal business activity, and may
have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 

The global silicon semiconductor
industry is experiencing a shortage in supply and difficulties in ability to meet customer demand. In particular, the government-mandated COVID-19
containment measures in China have impacted supply shipments and created ongoing risk and uncertainty. These issues have led
to an increase in lead-times of the production of semiconductor chips and components. 

We have experienced,
and expect to continue to experience, disruption to parts of our semiconductor supply chain, including procuring necessary components
and inputs, such as wafers and substrates, in a timely fashion, with suppliers increasing lead times or placing products on allocation
and raising prices. We have also incurred higher costs to secure available inventory, or have extended our purchase commitments or placed
non-cancellable orders with suppliers, which introduces inventory risk if our forecasts and assumptions are inaccurate. In addition,
disruptions to commercial transportation infrastructure have increased delivery times for materials and components to our facilities
and, in some cases, our ability to timely ship our products to customers. We have seen some of our customers become more conservative
in response to these complications by reducing their purchases and inventories or postponing capital expenditures, including product
orders from us. 

We believe the global
supply chain challenges and their adverse impact on our business will persist and the degree to which the pandemic ultimately impacts
our business and results of operations will depend on future developments beyond our control. 

Social and environmental responsibility
regulations, policies and provisions, as well as customer and investor demands, may make our supply chain more complex and may adversely
affect our relationships with customers and investors. 

There is an increasing focus on corporate, social
and environmental responsibility in the semiconductor industry, particularly with OEMs that manufacture consumer electronics. A number
of our customers have adopted, or may adopt, procurement policies that include social and environmental responsibility provisions or requirements
that their suppliers should comply with, or they may seek to include such provisions or requirements in their procurement terms and conditions.
An increasing number of investors are also requiring companies to disclose corporate, social and environmental policies, practices and
metrics. In addition, various jurisdictions are developing climate change-based laws or regulations that could cause us to incur additional
direct costs for compliance, as well as indirect costs resulting from our customers, suppliers, or both incurring additional compliance
costs that are passed on to us. These legal and regulatory requirements, as well as investor expectations, on corporate environmental
and social responsibility practices and disclosure, are subject to change, can be unpredictable, and may be difficult and expensive for
us to comply with, given the complexity of our supply chain and our significant outsourced manufacturing. If we are unable to comply,
or are unable to cause our suppliers or manufacturers to comply, with such policies or provisions or meet the requirements of our customers
and investors, a customer may stop purchasing products from us or an investor may sell their shares, and may take legal action against
us, which could harm our reputation, revenue and results of operations. 

In recent years, there has been an increased focus from stakeholders,
regulators and the public in general on corporate, social and environmental matters, including greenhouse gas emissions and climate-related
risks, renewable energy, water stewardship, waste management, diversity, equality and inclusion, responsible sourcing and supply chain,
human rights, and social responsibility. We may be unable to satisfactorily meet evolving standards, regulations and disclosure requirements
related to corporate, social, and environmental matters. Such matters can affect the willingness or ability of investors to make an investment
in our Company, as well as our ability to meet regulatory requirements, including the SEC s proposed rules related to greenhouse
gas emissions. Any failure, or perceived failure, to meet evolving stakeholder expectations, additional regulations and industry standards
or achieve our corporate, social, and environmental responsibility goals could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations,
financial condition, or stock price. 

In addition, as part of their corporate, social
and environmental responsibility programs, an increasing number of OEMs are seeking to source products that do not contain minerals sourced
from areas where proceeds from the sale of such minerals are likely to be used to fund armed conflicts, such as in the Democratic Republic
of Congo. This could adversely affect the sourcing, availability and pricing of minerals used in the manufacture of semiconductor devices,
including our products. As a result, we may face difficulties in satisfying these customers demands, which may harm our sales and
operating results. 

20 

The average selling prices of semiconductor
products in our markets have often decreased rapidly and may do so in the future, which could harm our revenue and gross profit. 

Certain of the semiconductor products we develop
and sell are used for high volume applications. As a result, the prices of those products have often decreased rapidly. Gross profit
on our products may be negatively affected by, among other things, pricing pressures from our customers. We have reduced, and may in
the future reduce, the average selling prices of our products in response to, or in anticipation of, future competitive pricing pressures,
new product introductions by us or our competitors and other factors. In addition, some of our customer agreements provide for volume-based
pricing and product pricing roadmaps, which can also reduce the average selling prices of our products over time. Our margins and financial
results will suffer if we are unable to offset any reductions in our average selling prices by increasing our sales volumes, reducing
manufacturing costs, or developing new and higher value-added products on a timely basis. 

If we experience poor manufacturing yields,
our operating results may suffer. 

Our products have unique designs and are fabricated
using multiple semiconductor process technologies that are highly complex. In many cases, our products are assembled in customized packages.
Many of our products consist of multiple components in a single module and feature enhanced levels of integration and complexity. Our
customers insist that our products be designed to meet their exact specifications for quality, performance and reliability. Our manufacturing
yield is a combination of yields across the entire supply chain, including wafer fabrication, assembly and test yields. Defects in a
single component in an assembled module product can impact the yield for the entire module, which means the adverse economic impacts
of an individual defect can be multiplied many times over if we fail to discover the defect before the module is assembled. Due to the
complexity of our products, we periodically experience difficulties in achieving acceptable yields and other quality issues, particularly
with respect to new products. 

Our customers test our products once they have
been assembled into their products. The number of usable products that result from our production process can fluctuate as a result of
many factors, including: 

design errors; 

minute impurities and variations in materials used; 

contamination of the manufacturing environment; 

equipment failure or variations in the manufacturing processes; 

losses from broken wafers or other human error; and 

defects in substrates and packaging. 

We constantly seek to improve our manufacturing
yields. Typically, for a given level of sales, when our yields improve, our gross margins improve, and when our yields decrease, our
unit costs are higher, our margins are lower, and our operating results are adversely affected. 

Costs of product defects and deviations from
required specifications could include the following: 

writing off inventory; 

scrapping products that cannot be fixed; 

accepting returns of products that have been shipped; 

providing product replacements at no charge; 

reimbursement of direct and indirect costs incurred by our customers
 in recalling or reworking their products due to defects in our products; 

travel and personnel costs to investigate potential product quality
 issues and to identify or confirm the failure mechanism or root cause of product defects; and 

defending against litigation. 

These costs could be significant and could reduce
our gross margins. Our reputation with customers also could be damaged as a result of product defects and quality issues, and product
demand could be reduced, which could harm our business and financial results. 

21 

Problems in scaling our manufacturing operations
could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Future customer demand may require us to significantly
increase our manufacturing capacity. There are substantial technical challenges to increasing manufacturing capacity, including equipment
acquisition lead times, materials procurement, scaling our manufacturing process, manufacturing site expansion, and the need to significantly
increase production yields while maintaining or improving quality control and assurance. Developing commercial-scale manufacturing facilities
will require the investment of substantial additional funds and the hiring and retention of additional management, quality assurance,
quality control and technical personnel who have the necessary manufacturing experience. The scaling of manufacturing capacity is subject
to numerous risks and uncertainties and may lead to variability in product quality or reliability, prolonged construction timelines,
as well as resources required to acquire, install and maintain manufacturing equipment, among others, all of which can lead to unexpected
delays in manufacturing output. Additionally, the production of our products must occur in a highly controlled and clean environment
to minimize particles and other yield- and quality-limiting contaminants. Weaknesses in process control or minute impurities in materials
may cause a substantial percentage of defective products. We may not be able to maintain stringent quality controls and contamination
problems could arise. Material defects in our products could result in loss or delay of revenues, delayed market acceptance, damage to
our reputation, lost customers, legal claims, increased insurance costs or increased service and warranty costs. If we are unable to
successfully scale up our manufacturing operations to meet customer demand, our business growth could be materially adversely affected. 

Industry overcapacity could cause us to
underutilize our manufacturing facilities and have a material adverse effect on our financial performance. 

It is difficult to predict future demand for
our products, which makes it difficult to estimate future requirements for production capacity and avoid periods of overcapacity. Fluctuations
in the growth rate of industry capacity relative to the growth rate in demand for our products also can lead to overcapacity and contribute
to cyclicality in the semiconductor market. 

Capacity expansion projects have long lead times
and require capital commitments based on forecasted product trends and demand well in advance of production orders from customers. In
recent years, we have made significant capital investments to expand our RF filter capacity to address forecasted future demand patterns.
In certain cases, these capacity additions may exceed the near-term demand requirements, leading to overcapacity situations and underutilization
of our manufacturing facilities. 

As many of our manufacturing costs are fixed,
these costs cannot be reduced in proportion to the reduced revenues experienced during periods of underutilization. Underutilization
of our manufacturing facilities can adversely affect our gross margin and other operating results. If demand for our products experiences
a prolonged decrease, we may be required to close or idle facilities and write down our long-lived assets or shorten the useful lives
of underutilized assets and accelerate depreciation, which would increase our expenses. 

We face intense competition, which may
cause pricing pressures, decreased gross margins and loss of potential market share and may materially and adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

We compete with U.S. and international semiconductor
manufacturers and mobile semiconductor companies of all sizes in terms of resources and market share, some of whom have significantly
greater financial, technical, manufacturing and marketing resources than we do. We expect competition in our markets to intensify as
new competitors enter the market, existing competitors merge or form alliances, and new technologies emerge. Our competitors may introduce
new solutions and technologies that are superior to our products, are verified on a commercial scale, and have achieved widespread market
acceptance. Certain of our competitors may be able to adapt more quickly than we can to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer
requirements or may be able to devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of their products than we can. This implementation
may require us to modify the manufacturing process for our filters, design new products to more stringent standards, and redesign some
existing products, which may prove difficult for us and result in delays in product deliveries and increased expenses. 

Increased competition could also result
in pricing pressures, declining average selling prices for our products, decreased gross margins and loss of potential market share.
We will need to make substantial investments to develop these enhancements and technologies, and we cannot assure investors that we will
have funds available for these investments or that these enhancements and technologies will be successful. If a competing technology
emerges that is, or is perceived to be, superior to our existing technology and we are unable to adapt to these changes and to compete
effectively, our market share and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected, and our business, revenue, and results
of operations could be harmed. 

In addition, from time to time, governments may
provide subsidies or make other investments that could give competitive advantages to many semiconductor companies. In August 2022, the
United States enacted the CHIPS Act, which, among other things, provides funding to increase domestic production and research and development
in the semiconductor industry. Our competitors could receive government funding allocated under the CHIPS Act or otherwise benefit from
such investments to a greater extent than we do, which could cause them to gain market share and adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

22 

We contract with a number of large service
providers and product companies that have considerable bargaining power, which may require us to agree to terms and conditions that could
have an adverse effect on our business or ability to recognize revenues. 

Large service providers and product companies
comprise a significant portion of our current and target customer bases. These customers generally have greater purchasing and bargaining
power than smaller entities and, accordingly, often request and receive more favorable terms from suppliers, including us. As we seek
to expand our sales to existing customers and acquire new customers, we may be required to agree to terms and conditions that are favorable
to our customers and that may affect the timing of our ability to recognize revenue, increase our costs and have an adverse effect on
our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Furthermore, large customers have increased buying power and ability to
require onerous terms in our contracts with them, including pricing, warranties, and terms related to indemnification, intellectual property
ownership and licensing. If we are unable to satisfy the terms of these contracts, it could result in liabilities of a material nature,
including litigation, damages, additional costs, loss of market share, loss of intellectual property rights or exclusive use of such
rights, and loss of reputation. Additionally, the terms these large customers may require, such as most-favored customer or exclusivity provisions
with respect to specific products, may impact our ability to do business with other customers and generate revenues from such
customers. 

We may be subject to risks related to doing
business in, and having counterparties based in, foreign countries. 

We engage in operations, and enter into agreements
with counterparties, located outside the U.S., which exposes us to political, governmental and economic instability and foreign currency
exchange rate fluctuations. 

Any disruption caused by these factors could
harm our business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and prospects. Risks associated with potential operations, commitments
and investments outside of the U.S. include but are not limited to risks of: 

global and local economic, social and political conditions and uncertainty, including heightened tensions between the U.S. and China, China and Taiwan, or other countries; 

currency exchange restrictions and currency fluctuations; 

war, including the Russian-Ukrainian conflict, or terrorist attack; 

local outbreak of disease, such as COVID-19; 

renegotiation or nullification of existing contracts or international
 trade arrangements; 

labor market conditions and workers rights affecting our manufacturing
 operations or those of our customers; 

macro-economic conditions impacting key markets and sources of supply; 

changing laws and policies affecting trade, taxation, financial regulation,
 immigration, and investment; 

compliance with laws and regulations that differ among jurisdictions,
 including those covering taxes, intellectual property ownership and infringement, imports and exports, anti-corruption and anti-bribery,
 antitrust and competition, data privacy, and environment, health, and safety; and 

general hazards associated with the assertion of sovereignty over areas
 in which operations are conducted, transactions occur, or counterparties are located. 

As our reporting currency is the U.S. dollar,
any operations conducted outside the U.S. or transactions denominated in foreign currencies would face additional risks of fluctuating
currency values and exchange rates, hard currency shortages and controls on currency exchange. In addition, we would be subject to the
impact of foreign currency fluctuations and exchange rate changes on our financial reports when translating our assets, liabilities,
revenues and expenses from operations or transactions outside of the U.S. into U.S. dollars at the then-applicable exchange rates. These
translations could result in changes to our results of operations from period to period. 

RFMi relies on third parties outside the
U.S., including in Taiwan, for its development and manufacturing activities . 

Our subsidiary, RFMi, depends on contractors for
certain of its manufacturing and research and development activities. Specifically, RFMi s contract manufacturer, TST, produces
the majority of products sold by RFMi. TST ships some products to RFMi for distribution to end customers and, in some cases, ships products
directly to those customers. TST is located in Taiwan and therefore geopolitical changes in China-Taiwan relations could disrupt its operations,
which would adversely affect RFMi s ability to manufacture certain products. In addition, we have leased office space and have operations
in Taiwan. Accordingly, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be affected by changes in governmental and economic
policies in Taiwan, social instability and diplomatic and social developments in or affecting Taiwan due to its unique international political
status. We cannot assure that relations between Taiwan and China will not face political, military or economic uncertainties in the future.
Any deterioration in the relations between Taiwan and China, and other factors affecting military, political or economic conditions in
Taiwan, could disrupt RFMi s and our business operations and materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 

23 

Economic regulation in China could adversely
impact our business and results of operations. 

A significant portion of our potential customer
base is in China. For many years, the Chinese economy has experienced periods of rapid growth and wide fluctuations in the rate of inflation.
In response to these factors, the Chinese government has, from time to time, adopted measures to regulate growth and to contain inflation,
including currency controls and measures designed to restrict credit, control prices or set currency exchange rates. Such actions in
the future, as well as other changes in Chinese laws and regulations, including actions in furtherance of China s stated policy
of reducing its dependence on foreign semiconductor manufacturers as well as China s data localization policies and measures, could
increase the cost of doing business in China, foster the emergence of Chinese-based competitors, decrease the demand for our products
in China, or reduce the supply of critical materials for our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and
results of operations. 

Changes in government trade and investment
policies, including the imposition of tariffs, export restrictions, sanctions, transaction restrictions, or retaliatory measures could
limit our ability to sell our products to certain customers, which may materially adversely affect our sales and results of operations. 

The U.S. or foreign governments may take administrative,
legislative or regulatory action that could materially interfere with our ability to sell products in certain countries, particularly
Russia and in China. For example, beginning in May 2018, the U.S. imposed tariffs, ranging from 7.5 to 25 on approximately two-thirds
of U.S. imports from China, including certain electronic components and equipment. China has taken retaliatory actions, including imposing
tariffs on certain U.S. exports effective September, 2019. While the imposition of these tariffs did not have a direct, material adverse
impact on our business during fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, the direct and indirect effects of tariffs and other restrictive trade
policies are difficult to measure and are only one part of a larger U.S./China economic and trade policy friction. 

For example, U.S. government actions targeting
exports of certain technologies to and from China are becoming more pervasive. In 2018, the U.S. adopted new laws designed to address
concerns about the export of emerging and foundational technologies to China. In 2021, the U.S. Department of Commerce issued regulations
implementing former President Trump s executive order invoking national emergency economic powers to implement a framework to regulate
the acquisition or transfer of information communications technology in transactions that imposed undue national security risks. In addition,
the U.S. Department of Commerce enacted new rules that expanded export license requirements for U.S. companies to sell certain items to
companies and other end-users in China that are designated as military end-users or have operations that could support military end uses;
has added additional Chinese companies to its restricted entity list and unverified list under suspicion of military-civil fusion, support
of Russia, or other factors associated with a broadening scope of national security concerns; and has expanded an existing rule (referred
to as the foreign direct product rule) in a manner that could cause foreign-made wafers, chipsets, and certain related items to be subject
to U.S. licensing requirements if certain Chinese corporations or their affiliates are parties to a transaction involving the items. 

In response to these and other U.S. actions, China
could determine to take or appear to have taken countermeasures against U.S. companies doing business in or with China. These series
of actions and other types of countermeasures could lead to additional restrictions on the export of products that include or enable certain
technologies, including products we could potentially provide to China-based customers. More recently in August 2023, President Biden
issued an executive order that provides for the establishment of a new outbound investment program to block and regulate investment in
China in sensitive technologies. In addition, the Biden administration has and likely will continue to take action under U.S. export control
laws to restrict transfer of goods, technology, information, and the provision of services that could harm U.S. national security. 

Furthermore, the imposition of tariffs on our
potential customers products that are imported from China to the U.S. could harm sales of such products, which could indirectly
harm our business. We cannot predict what actions may ultimately be taken with respect to tariffs, export controls, countermeasures,
or other trade measures between the U.S. and China or other countries, what products may be subject to such actions, or what actions
may be taken by the other countries in retaliation. 

The loss or temporary loss of potential foreign
customers or the imposition of restrictions on our ability to sell products to such customers as a result of tariffs, export restrictions,
sanctions or other U.S. executive or regulatory actions could materially adversely affect our sales, business and results of operations. 

24 

We depend on a few large customers for
a substantial portion of our revenue. 

A substantial portion of our revenue comes from
large purchases by a small number of customers. Our future operating results depend on both the success of our largest customers and
on our success in diversifying our products and customer base. 

The concentration of our revenue with a relatively
small number of customers makes us particularly dependent on factors, both positive and negative, affecting those customers. If demand
for their devices incorporating our products increases, our results are favorably impacted, while if demand for their devices decreases,
they may reduce their purchases of, or stop purchasing, our products and our operating results would suffer. Even if we achieve a design
win, our customers can delay, temporarily suspend, or cancel the manufacture or release of a new device for any reason, such as a shortage
of supply of other components needed to manufacture their device. Most of our customers can cease incorporating our products into their
devices with little notice to us and with little or no penalty. The loss of a large customer and failure to add new customers to replace
lost revenue would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Global shortages in manufacturing capacities
could negatively affect our operations and negatively impact our results of operations. 

Our business depends in significant part upon
manufacturers of products requiring semiconductors, as well as the current and anticipated production of these products. As a supplier
to such manufacturers, we are subject to the business cycles that characterize the industry. Recent sharp increases in demand for semiconductor
products have resulted in a global shortage of manufacturing capacities and it is unclear how long this shortage may last. If our customers
are forced to reduce the amount of their products they manufacture or plan to manufacture due to a limited supply of semiconductors,
our business, financial condition and results of operations could be negatively affected. 

Changes in general economic conditions,
together with other factors, cause significant upturns and downturns in the industry, and our business, therefore, may also experience
cyclical fluctuations in the future. 

From time to time, changes in general economic
conditions, together with other factors, may cause significant upturns and downturns in the semiconductor industry. These fluctuations
are due to a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control, including: 

levels of inventory in our end markets, 

availability and cost of supply for manufacturing of our products, 

changes in end-user demand for the products manufactured with our technology
 and sold by our prospective customers, 

exposure to foreign currency exchange rates, import duties and tariffs, 

inflation or a tightening of the credit markets 

industry production capacity levels and fluctuations in industry manufacturing
 yields, 

market acceptance of our current and future customers products
 that incorporate our RF filters, 

the gain or loss of significant customers, 

the effects of competitive pricing pressures, including decreases in
 average selling prices of products, 

new product and technology introductions by competitors, 

changes in the mix of products produced and sold, and 

intellectual property disputes. 

25 

As a result, the demand for our products can
change quickly and in ways we may not anticipate, and our business, therefore, may also experience cyclical fluctuations in future operating
results. In addition, future downturns in the electronic systems industry could adversely impact our revenue and harm our business, financial
condition and results of operations. Macroeconomic weakness and uncertainty also make it more difficult for us to accurately forecast
revenue, gross margin and expenses, and may make it more difficult to raise or refinance debt. For example, an escalation of trade tensions
between the U.S. and China has resulted in trade restrictions and increased tariffs that harm our ability to participate in Chinese markets
or compete effectively with Chinese companies. Sustained uncertainty about, or worsening of, current global economic conditions and further
escalation of trade tensions between the U.S. and its trading partners, especially China, and possible decoupling of the U.S. and China
economies, could result in a global economic slowdown and long-term changes to global trade. 

If we are unable to attract and retain
qualified personnel to contribute to the development, manufacture and sale of our products, we may not be able to effectively operate
our business. 

As the source of our technological and product
innovations, our key technical personnel represent a significant asset. We believe that our future success is highly dependent on the
continued services of our current key officers, employees, and Board members, as well as our ability to attract and retain highly skilled
and experienced technical personnel. The loss of their services could have a detrimental effect on our operations. Specifically, the
loss of the services of our President and Chief Executive Officer, our Chief Financial Officer, or our Executive Vice President of Business
Development, any major changes in our Board or other senior management, or our inability to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel
could have a material adverse effect on our ability to operate our business. The competition for management and technical personnel is
intense in the wireless semiconductor industry, and therefore, we cannot assure you that we will be able to attract and retain qualified
management and other personnel necessary for the design, development, manufacture and sale of our products. 

If we are unable to establish effective
marketing and sales capabilities or enter into additional agreements with third parties to market and sell our products, we may not be
able to effectively generate and sustain or increase product revenues. 

We have limited experience selling, marketing
or distributing products and currently have a small internal marketing and sales force. To progress the launch and commercialization
of our technology and our products, we must build on a territory-by-territory basis marketing, sales, distribution, managerial and other
non-technical capabilities or make arrangements with third parties to perform these services, and we may not be successful in doing so.
Therefore, we may choose to collaborate, either globally or on a territory-by-territory basis, with third parties that have direct sales
forces and established distribution systems, either to augment our own sales force and distribution systems or in lieu of our own sales
force and distribution systems. If so, our success will depend, in part, on our ability to enter into and maintain collaborative relationships
for such capabilities, such collaborator s strategic interest in the products under development and such collaborator s ability
to successfully market and sell any such products. 

If we are unable to enter into such arrangements
when needed on acceptable terms or at all, we may not be able to successfully commercialize our products. Further, to the extent that
we depend on third parties for marketing and distribution, any revenues we receive will depend upon the efforts of such third parties,
and there can be no assurance that such efforts will be successful. If we decide in the future to establish an internal sales and marketing
team with technical expertise and supporting distribution capabilities to commercialize our products, it could be expensive and time
consuming and would require significant attention of our executive officers to manage. We may also not have sufficient resources to allocate
to the sales and marketing of our products. Any failure or delay in the development of sales, marketing and distribution capabilities,
either through collaboration with one or more third parties or through internal efforts, would adversely impact the commercialization
of any of our products that we obtain approval to market. As a result, our future product revenue would suffer, and we may incur significant
additional losses. 

26 

We may engage in future acquisitions that
could disrupt our business, cause dilution to our shareholders and harm our financial condition and operating results. 

We have in the past acquired other businesses and may, in the future,
make acquisitions of, or investments in, companies that we believe have products or capabilities that are a strategic or commercial fit
with our current business or otherwise offer opportunities for our company. In connection with these acquisitions or investments, we may: 

issue Common Stock or other forms of equity that would dilute our existing
 shareholders percentage of ownership, 

incur debt and assume liabilities, and 

incur amortization expenses related to intangible assets or incur large
 and immediate write-offs. 

We may not be able to complete acquisitions on
favorable terms, if at all. If we do complete an acquisition, we cannot assure you that it will ultimately strengthen our competitive
position or that it will be viewed positively by customers, financial markets or investors. Furthermore, future acquisitions could pose
numerous additional risks to our expected operations, including: 

problems integrating the purchased business, products or technologies, 

challenges in achieving strategic objectives, cost savings and other
 anticipated benefits, 

increases to our expenses, 

the assumption of significant liabilities that exceed the limitations
 of any applicable indemnification provisions or the financial resources of any indemnifying party, 

inability to maintain relationships with prospective key customers,
 vendors and other business partners of the acquired businesses, 

diversion of management s attention from its day-to-day responsibilities, 

difficulty in maintaining controls, procedures and policies during
 the transition and integration, 

entrance into marketplaces where we have no or limited prior experience
 and where competitors have stronger marketplace positions, 

potential loss of key employees, particularly those of the acquired
 entity, and 

historical financial information may not be representative or indicative
 of our results as a combined company. 

Unsolicited takeover proposals, governance
change proposals, proxy contests and certain proposals/actions by activist investors may create additional risks and uncertainties with
respect to our financial position, operations, strategies and management, and may adversely affect our ability to attract and retain
key employees. Any perceived uncertainties may affect the market price and volatility of our securities. 

Public companies in the technology industry have
been the target of unsolicited takeover proposals in the past. In the event that a third party, such as a competitor, private equity
firm or activist investor makes an unsolicited takeover proposal, or proposes to change our governance policies or board of directors,
or makes other proposals concerning our ownership structure or operations, our review and consideration of such proposals may be a significant
distraction for our management and employees, and may require us to expend significant time and resources. Such proposals may create
uncertainty for our employees, additional risks and uncertainties with respect to our financial position, operations, strategies and
management, and may adversely affect our ability to attract and retain key employees. Any perceived uncertainties as to our future direction
also may affect the market price and volatility of our securities. 

27 

Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 

If we fail to obtain, maintain and enforce
our intellectual property rights, we may not be able to prevent third parties from using our proprietary technologies. 

Our long-term success largely depends on our
ability to market technologically competitive products which, in turn, largely depends on our ability to obtain and maintain adequate
intellectual property protection and to enforce our proprietary rights without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. While
we rely upon a combination of our patent applications currently pending with the United States Patent and Trademark Office USPTO ),
our trademarks, copyrights, trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to protect the intellectual property related to our
technologies, there can be no assurance that: 

our currently pending or future patent applications will result in
 issued patents, 

our limited patent portfolio will provide adequate protection to our
 core technology, 

we will succeed in protecting our technology adequately in all key
 jurisdictions, 

we will be able to finalize negotiations to enter into agreements pursuant
 to which we will license certain patents, or 

we can prevent third parties from disclosure or misappropriation of
 our proprietary information which could enable competitors to quickly duplicate or surpass our technological achievements, thus eroding
 any competitive advantage we may derive from the proprietary information. 

In addition, we intend to expand our international
presence, and effective patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret protection may not be available or may be limited in foreign countries. 

We have a limited number of patent applications,
which may not result in issued patents or patents that fully protect our intellectual property. 

In the United States and internationally we had
108 applications as of August 25, 2023; however, there is no assurance that any of the pending applications or our future patent applications
will result in patents being issued, or that any patents that may be issued as a result of existing or future applications will provide
meaningful protection or commercial advantage to us. 

The process of seeking patent protection in the
United States and abroad can be long and expensive. Since patent applications in the United States and most other countries are confidential
for a period of time after filing, we cannot be certain at the time of filing that we are the first to file any patent application related
to our technology. In addition, patent applications are often published as part of the patent application process, even if such applications
do not issue as patents. When published, such applications will become publicly available, and proprietary information disclosed in the
application will become available to others. While at present we are unaware of competing patent applications, competing applications
could potentially surface. 

Even if all of our pending patent applications
are granted and result in registration of our patents, we cannot predict the breadth of claims that may be allowed or enforced, or that
the scope of any patent rights could provide a sufficient degree of protection that could permit us to gain or keep our competitive advantage
with respect to these products and technologies. For example, we cannot predict: 

the degree and range of protection any patents will afford us against
 competitors, including whether third parties will find ways to make, use, sell, offer to sell or import competitive products without
 infringing our patents; 

if and when patents will be issued; 

if third parties will obtain patents claiming inventions similar to
 those covered by our patents and patent applications; 

28 

if third parties have blocking patents that could be used to prevent
 us from marketing our own patented products and practicing our own technology; or 

whether we will need to initiate litigation or administrative proceedings
 (e.g., at the USPTO) in connection with patent rights, which may be costly whether we win or lose. 

As a result, the patent applications we own may
fail to result in issued patents in the United States. Third parties may challenge the validity, enforceability or scope of any issued
patents or patents issued to us in the future, which may result in those patents being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable. Even
if they are unchallenged, our patents and patent applications may not adequately protect our intellectual property or prevent others
from developing similar products that do not infringe the claims made in our patents. If the breadth or strength of protection provided
by the patents we hold or pursue is threatened, we may not be able to prevent others from offering similar technology and products in
the RFFE mobile market and our ability to commercialize our RF filters with technology protected by those patents could be threatened. 

If we fail to obtain issued patents outside of
the United States, our ability to prevent misappropriation of our proprietary information or infringement of our intellectual property
rights in countries outside of the United States where our filters may be sold in the future may be significantly limited. If we file
foreign patent applications related to our pending U.S. patent applications or to our issued patents in the United States, these applications
may be contested and fail to result in issued patents outside of the United States or we may be required to narrow our claims. Even if
some or all of our patent applications are granted outside of the United States and result in issued patents, effective enforcement of
rights granted by these patents in some countries may not be available due to the differences in foreign patent and other laws concerning
intellectual property rights, a relatively weak legal regime protecting intellectual property rights in these countries, and because
it is difficult, expensive and time-consuming to police unauthorized use of our intellectual property when infringers are overseas. This
failure to obtain or maintain adequate protection of our intellectual property rights outside of the United States could have a materially
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial conditions. 

We are, and may in the future be, involved
in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents, which could be expensive, time-consuming and unsuccessful. 

Competitors may infringe our patents or the patents
of our potential licensors. To attempt to stop infringement or unauthorized use, we may file infringement claims from time to time, which
can be expensive and time consuming and distract management. 

If we pursue any infringement proceeding, a court
may decide that a patent of ours or one of our licensors is not valid or is unenforceable or may refuse to stop the other party from
using the relevant technology on the grounds that our patents do not cover the technology in question. Additionally, any enforcement
of our patents may provoke third parties to assert counterclaims against us. Some of our current and potential competitors have the ability
to dedicate substantially greater resources to enforcing their intellectual property rights than we have. Moreover, the legal systems
of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents, which could reduce the likelihood
of success of, or the amount of damages that could be awarded resulting from, any infringement proceeding we pursue in any such jurisdiction.
An adverse result in any infringement litigation or defense proceedings could put one or more of our patents at risk of being invalidated,
held unenforceable, or interpreted narrowly and could put our patent applications at risk of not issuing, which could limit the ability
of our filters to compete in those jurisdictions. 

Interference proceedings could be provoked by
third parties or brought by the USPTO to determine the priority of inventions with respect to our patents or patent applications. An
unfavorable outcome could require us to cease using the related technology or to attempt to license rights to use it from the prevailing
party. Our business could be harmed if the prevailing party does not offer us a license on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. 

We need to protect our trademark rights
and disclosure of our trade secrets to prevent competitors from taking advantage of our goodwill. 

We believe that the protection of our trademark
rights is an important factor in product recognition, protecting our brand, maintaining goodwill, and maintaining or increasing market
share. We currently have nineteen registered domestic and international trademarks and two pending domestic trademark applications including
the marks AKOUSTIS, XBAW, and RFMi in multiple forms and international classes. We may expend substantial cost and effort in an attempt
to register new trademarks and maintain and enforce our trademark rights. If we do not adequately protect our rights in our trademarks
from infringement, any goodwill that we have developed in those trademarks could be lost or impaired. 

29 

Third parties may claim that the sale or promotion
of our products, when and if we have any, may infringe on the trademark rights of others. Trademark infringement problems occur frequently
in connection with the sale and marketing of products in the RFFE mobile industry. If we become involved in any dispute regarding our
trademark rights, regardless of whether we prevail, we could be required to engage in costly, distracting and time-consuming litigation
that could harm our business. If the trademarks we use are found to infringe upon the trademark of another company, we could be liable
for damages and be forced to stop using those trademarks, and as result, we could lose all the goodwill that has been developed in those
trademarks. 

In addition to the protection afforded by patents
and trademarks, we seek to rely on copyright, trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to protect proprietary know-how
that is not patentable, processes for which patents are difficult to enforce and any other elements of our processes that involve proprietary
know-how, information or technology that is not covered by patents. For Akoustis, this includes chip layouts, circuit designs, resonator
layouts and implementation, and MEMS resonator device engineering. Although we require all of our employees and certain consultants and
advisors to assign inventions to us, and all of our employees, consultants, advisors and any third parties who have access to our proprietary
know-how, information or technology to enter into confidentiality agreements, our trade secrets and other proprietary information may
be disclosed, or competitors may otherwise gain access to such information or independently develop substantially equivalent information.
If we are unable to prevent material disclosure of the intellectual property related to our technologies to third parties, we will not
be able to establish or maintain the competitive advantage that we believe is provided by such intellectual property, which would weaken
our competitive market position, and materially adversely affect our business and operational results. 

Development of certain technologies with
our manufacturers and other suppliers may result in restrictions on jointly-developed intellectual property. 

In order to maintain and expand our strategic
relationship with manufacturers of our filters and other suppliers, we may, from time to time, develop certain technologies jointly with
these manufacturers and other suppliers and file for further intellectual property protection and/or seek to commercialize such technologies.
We may enter into joint development agreements with manufacturers and other suppliers to provide for joint development works and joint
intellectual property rights by us and by such manufacturer or supplier. Such agreements may restrict our commercial use of such intellectual
property, or may require written consent from, or a separate agreement with, that manufacturer or supplier. In other cases, we may not
have any rights to use intellectual property solely developed and owned by such manufacturer, supplier, or another third party. If we
cannot obtain commercial use rights for such jointly-owned intellectual property or intellectual property solely owned by these manufacturers
or suppliers, our future product development and commercialization plans may be adversely affected. 

We are, and may become, subject to claims
of infringement, misappropriation or misuse of third party intellectual property that, regardless of merit, could result in significant
expense and loss of our intellectual property rights. 

The semiconductor industry is characterized by
the vigorous pursuit and protection of intellectual property rights. We have not undertaken a comprehensive review of the rights of third
parties in our field. From time to time, we may be named in lawsuits or receive notices or inquiries from third parties regarding
our products or the manner in which we conduct our business suggesting that we may be infringing, misappropriating or otherwise misusing
patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret and other intellectual property rights. Any claims that our technology infringes, misappropriates
or otherwise misuses the rights of third parties, regardless of their merit or resolution, could be expensive to litigate or settle and
could divert the efforts and attention of our management and technical personnel, cause significant delays and materially disrupt the
conduct of our business. We may not prevail in such proceedings given the complex technical issues and inherent uncertainties in intellectual
property litigation. If such proceedings result in an adverse outcome, we could be required to: 

pay substantial damages, including treble damages if we were held to
 have willfully infringed; 

cease the manufacture, offering for sale or sale of the infringing
 technology or processes; 

expend significant resources to develop non-infringing technology or
 processes; 

obtain a license from a third party, which may not be available on
 commercially reasonable terms, or may not be available at all; or 

lose the opportunity to license our technology to others or to collect
 royalty payments based upon successful protection and assertion of our intellectual property against others. 

30 

On October 4, 2021, the Company was named as a
defendant in a complaint filed by Qorvo, Inc. Qorvo in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware alleging,
among other things, patent infringement, false advertising, false patent marking, and unfair competition. The complaint alleges that the
defendants misappropriated proprietary information, made misleading statements about the characteristics of certain of its products, and
sold products infringing on certain of the plaintiff s patents. The plaintiff seeks an injunction enjoining the Company from the
alleged infringement and damages, including punitive and statutory enhanced damages, in an unspecified amount. The Company filed a motion
to dismiss all of the claims other than the direct patent infringement claims, but the court permitted the plaintiff to file an amended
complaint which the court subsequently determined was sufficient for pleading purposes. The Court denied the Company s motion in
May 2022. The Court held a claims construction hearing in November 2022, issuing its claim construction order on March 15, 2023. On February
8, 2023, Qorvo filed a second amended complaint adding allegations of misappropriation of trade secrets, racketeering activities, and
civil conspiracy. The Company continues to develop its defenses and mitigation strategies, and intends to proceed in defending itself
vigorously against the claims asserted by Qorvo. However, the Company can provide no assurance as to the outcome of such dispute, and
such action may result in judgments against the Company for an injunction, significant damages or other relief, such as future royalty
payments to Qorvo or restrictions on certain of the Company s activities. 

On April 20, 2023, the Company filed a complaint
against Qorvo in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas alleging infringement by Qorvo of a patent licensed
exclusively to the Company by Cornell University. The complaint alleges Qorvo s willful infringement of the Cornell patent and seeks
remedies including enhanced damages and attorneys fees. On July 24, 2023, Qorvo filed a motion to dismiss the complaint. On August
11, 2023, Qorvo filed a motion to strike Akoustis infringement contentions. The Company intends to vigorously pursue its claims
against Qorvo but can provide no assurance as to the outcome of this dispute. 

Resolution of each of the matters described above
may be prolonged and costly, and the ultimate result or judgment is uncertain due to the inherent uncertainty in litigation and other
proceedings. An adverse result in the matters described above would have a material adverse effect on the Company s business. Even
if ultimately settled or resolved in the Company s favor, the matters described above and other possible future actions may result
in significant expenses, diversion of management and technical personnel attention and disruptions and delays in the Company s business
and product development, and other collateral consequences, all of which could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial
condition, and results of operations. Any out-of-court settlement of the above matters or other actions may also have an adverse effect
on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations, including, but not limited to, substantial expenses, the
payment of royalties, licensing or other fees payable to third parties, or restrictions on its ability to develop, manufacture, and sell
its products. 

From time to time, the Company may become
involved in other lawsuits, investigations, and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. The Company believes it has
meritorious defenses against such other pending claims and intends to vigorously pursue them. While it is not possible to predict or
determine the outcomes of any such other pending actions, the Company believes the amount of liability, if any, with respect to such
other pending actions, would not materially affect its financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 

In addition, our agreements with prospective
customers and manufacturing partners may require us to indemnify such customers and manufacturing partners for third party intellectual
property infringement claims. Pursuant to such agreements, we may be required to defend such customers and manufacturing partners against
certain claims that could cause us to incur additional costs. While we endeavor to include as part of such indemnification obligations
a provision permitting us to assume the defense of any indemnification claim, not all of our current agreements contain such a provision
and we cannot provide any assurance that our future agreements will contain such a provision, which could result in increased exposure
to us in the case of an indemnification claim. 

Risks Related to our Financial Condition 

We have a history of losses, will need
substantial additional funding to continue our operations and may not achieve or sustain profitability in the future. 

Our operations have consumed substantial amounts
of cash since inception. Our filter business has incurred losses since its inception in May 2014. We anticipate that our operating expenses
will increase in the foreseeable future as we continue to pursue the development of our patent-pending high purity piezoelectric materials
technology, invest in marketing, sales and distribution of our products to grow our business, acquire customers, commercialize our technology
in the mobile wireless market and continue to invest in our manufacturing facility in Canandaigua, NY. These efforts may prove more expensive
than we currently anticipate, and we may not succeed in generating sufficient revenues to offset these higher expenses. In addition,
we expect to incur significant expenses related to regulatory requirements and our ability to obtain, protect, and defend our intellectual
property rights. 

We may also encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties,
complications, delays and other unknown factors that may increase our capital needs and/or cause us to spend our cash resources faster
than we expect. Accordingly, we will need to obtain substantial additional funding in order to continue our operations. 

To date, we have financed our operations through
a mix of investments from private investors, public offerings of equity and debt securities, foundry services revenue, RF filter revenue,
and grant funding, and we expect to continue to utilize such means of financing for the foreseeable future. Additional funding from those
or other sources may not be available when or in the amounts needed, on acceptable terms, or at all. If we raise additional capital through
the sale of equity, or securities convertible into equity, it would result in dilution to our then existing stockholders, which could
be significant depending on the price at which we may be able to sell our securities and the amount of securities we issue. If we raise
additional capital through the incurrence of indebtedness, we may become subject to covenants restricting our business activities, and
holders of debt instruments may have rights and privileges senior to those of our equity investors. In addition, servicing the interest
and principal repayment obligations under debt facilities could divert funds that would otherwise be available to support research and
development, or commercialization activities. If we are unable to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms, we could be forced
to delay, reduce or eliminate the production and sale of our RF filter products, our R D programs for our acoustic wave filter technology
or any future commercialization efforts. Any of these events could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition
and prospects, and could cause our business to fail. 

31 

Servicing our debt requires a significant
amount of cash or Common Stock, and we may not have sufficient cash flow from our business or have the ability to issue the necessary
number of shares of Common Stock to pay our substantial debt. 

Pursuant to the convertible note offering we completed in June 2022,
we incurred 44.0 million of indebtedness and we issued a 4.0 million promissory note in connection with our acquisition of GDSI. This
level of debt could have significant consequences on future operations, including: 

increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions; 

making it more difficult for us to meet our payment and other obligations; 

making it more difficult to obtain any necessary future financing for
 working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements or other purposes; 

requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of any cash flow
 from operations to service our indebtedness, thereby reducing the amount of cash flow available for other purposes, including capital
 expenditures; 

placing us at a possible competitive disadvantage with competitors
 that are less leveraged than us or have better access to capital than we have; and 

limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in
 our business and the markets in which we compete. 

Accrued interest on our 6.0 Convertible Senior
Notes due 2027 is payable semi-annually in cash or freely tradable shares of Common Stock. Our ability to make scheduled payments of interest
depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. Our business
may not generate cash flow from operations in the future sufficient to service our debt in cash and make necessary capital expenditures. 

If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow
to satisfy payment obligations under our convertible notes, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as selling assets
or obtaining additional equity capital on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. We may not be able to engage in any of these activities
or engage in these activities on desirable terms, which could result in a default on our debt obligations. If we determine to pay the
interest in shares of Common Stock, it could materially dilute our current stockholders. 

Our ability to raise capital may be materially
adversely impacted by economic and geopolitical uncertainties. 

A sustained disruption in the capital markets
from economic and geopolitical uncertainties such as the COVID-19 pandemic, bank failures, inflation, recession, or higher interest rates
could negatively impact our ability to raise capital. In the past, we have financed our operations primarily by the issuance of equity
and debt securities. However, we cannot predict if such economic and geopolitical uncertainties will impact the capital markets or if
we will be able to raise additional funds on terms acceptable to us. Such macro-economic disruptions may disrupt our ability to raise
additional capital to finance our operations in the future, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition
and prospects, and could ultimately cause our business to fail. 

32 

Risks Related to Regulatory Requirements 

Government regulation may adversely affect
our business. 

The effects of regulation may materially and adversely
impact our business. For example, regulatory policies of the FCC relating to radio frequency emissions, consumer protection laws of the
FTC, product safety regulatory activities of the Consumer Products Safety Commission, the import/export regulatory activities of the Department
of Commerce, international traffic in arms regulations (ITAR) administered by the Department of State, and environmental regulatory activities
of the EPA could impede sales of our products in the United States. We and our customers are also subject to various import and export
laws and regulations. If we fail to continue to comply with these regulations, we may be unable to manufacture the affected products or
ship these products to certain customers and be subject to investigations, sanctions, mandatory product recalls, enforcement actions,
disgorgement of profits, fines, damages, civil and criminal penalties, or injunctions. Additionally, these rules and regulations may in
the future be expanded such that they may have a greater effect on our business than they do currently. 

As described above under the risk factor entitled
 We may be subject to risks related to doing business in, and having counterparties based in, foreign countries, our business
is also increasingly subject to complex foreign and U.S. laws and regulations, including but not limited to, anti-corruption laws, such
as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and equivalent laws in other jurisdictions, antitrust or competition laws, and data privacy laws,
among others. Foreign governments may also impose tariffs, duties and other import restrictions on components that we obtain from non-domestic
suppliers and may impose export restrictions on products that we sell internationally. These tariffs, duties or restrictions could materially
and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our product or manufacturing standards could
also be impacted by new or revised environmental rules and regulations or other social initiatives. Those rules, or similar rules that
may be adopted in other jurisdictions, could adversely affect our costs, the availability of minerals used in our products and our relationships
with customers and suppliers. 

We may incur substantial expenses in connection
with regulatory requirements, and any regulatory compliance failure could cause our business to suffer. 

The wireless communications industry is subject
to ongoing regulatory obligations and review. See Business - Government Regulations above. Maintaining compliance with
these requirements may result in significant additional expense to us, and any failure to maintain such compliance could cause our business
to suffer. 

Noncompliance with applicable regulations or
requirements could also subject us to investigations, sanctions, mandatory product recalls, enforcement actions, disgorgement of profits,
fines, damages, civil and criminal penalties, or injunctions. An adverse outcome in any such litigation could require us to pay contractual
damages, compensatory damages, punitive damages, attorneys fees and costs. These enforcement actions could harm our business,
financial condition and results of operations. If any governmental sanctions are imposed, or if we do not prevail in any possible civil
or criminal litigation, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In addition,
responding to any action will likely result in a significant diversion of management s attention and resources and an increase
in professional fees. 

Compliance with regulations regarding the
use of conflict minerals could limit the supply and increase the cost of certain metals used in manufacturing our products. 

Regulations in the United States require that
we determine whether certain materials used in our products, referred to as conflict minerals, originated in the Democratic Republic
of the Congo or adjoining countries, or originated from recycled or scrap sources. We incur costs associated with our policies and procedures
to comply with the applicable rules and due diligence procedures. In addition, verification and reporting requirements could affect the
sourcing and availability of minerals that are used in the manufacture of our products, and we may face reputational and competitive
challenges if we are unable to sufficiently verify the origins of all conflict minerals used in our products. We may also face challenges
with government regulators, potential customers, suppliers and manufacturers if we are unable to sufficiently verify that the metals
used in our products are conflict free. 

33 

There could be an adverse change or increase
in the laws and/or regulations governing our business. 

We and our operating subsidiaries are subject to various laws and regulations
in different jurisdictions, and the interpretation and enforcement of laws and regulations are subject to change. We are also subject
to different tax regulations in each of the jurisdictions where we conduct our business or where our management or the management of our
operating subsidiary is located. We expect that the scope and extent of regulation in these jurisdictions, as well as regulatory oversight
and supervision, will generally continue to increase. There can be no assurance that future regulatory, judicial and legislative changes
in any jurisdiction will not have a material adverse effect on us or hinder us in the operation of our business. In addition, we may incur
substantial costs in order to comply with current or future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations applicable to us. 

These current or future laws and regulations
may impair our research, development or production efforts or impact the research activities we pursue. Our failure to comply with these
laws and regulations also may result in substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions, which could cause our financial condition to
suffer. 

Investment Risks 

You could lose all of your investment. 

An investment in our securities is speculative
and involves a high degree of risk. Potential investors should be aware that the value of an investment in the Company may go down as
well as up. In addition, there can be no certainty that the market value of an investment in the Company will fully reflect its underlying
value. 

Our common stock has been thinly traded
and its share price in the public markets has experienced, and may in the future experience, extreme volatility. 

Our common stock has traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market, under the
symbol AKTS, since March 13, 2017. Since that date, our common stock has been relatively thinly traded and at times been
subject to price volatility. Recently, from July 1, 2022 to June 30, 2023, the closing price of our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital
Market ranged from 2.34 to 5.23 per share. 

The trading price of our Common Stock may be significantly
affected by various factors, including quarterly fluctuations in our operating results, changes in investors and analysts 
perception of the business risks and conditions of our business, issuance of additional shares in connections with strategic transactions
or acquisitions we may make, our ability to meet the earnings estimates and other performance expectations of financial analysts or investors,
unfavorable commentary or downgrades of our stock by equity research analysts, and general economic or political conditions. Additionally,
the stock market and public companies with relatively smaller public floats in particular have been subject to extreme price and volume
fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of such companies. Additionally, technical
factors in the public trading market for our stock may produce price movements that may or may not comport with macro, industry or company-specific
fundamentals, including, without limitation, the sentiment of retail investors (including as may be expressed on financial trading and
other social media sites), speculation in the press, in the investment community, or on the internet, including on online forums and social
media, about our Company, our industry or our securities, the amount and status of short interest in our securities (including a short
squeeze ), access to margin debt, trading in options and other derivatives on our common stock and other technical trading factors.
We may incur rapid and substantial decreases in our stock price in the foreseeable future that are unrelated to our operating performance
or prospects. There can be no guarantee that our stock price will remain at current prices or that future sales of our common stock will
not be at prices lower than the sales price in this offering. 

The daily trading volume of our common stock has historically been
relatively low. If we are unable to develop and maintain a liquid market for our common stock, you may not be able to sell your common
stock at prices you consider to be fair or at times that are convenient for you, or at all. This situation may be attributable to a number
of factors, including but not limited to the fact that we are a company with a smaller public float that is relatively unknown to stock
analysts, stockbrokers, institutional investors, and others in the investor community. In addition, investors may be risk averse to investments
in companies with smaller public floats. The low trading volume is outside of our control and may not increase or, if it increases, may
not be maintained. In addition, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, litigation has often
been brought against that company and we may become the target of litigation as a result of price volatility. Litigation could result
in substantial costs and divert our management s attention and resources from our business. This could have a material adverse effect
on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

34 

Stockholders may experience dilution of
their ownership interests because of the future issuance of additional shares of our Common Stock or preferred stock or other securities
that are convertible into or exercisable for our Common Stock or preferred stock. 

In
the future, we may issue our authorized but previously unissued equity securities, resulting in the dilution of the ownership interests
of our stockholders. The Company is authorized to issue an aggregate of 125,000,000 shares of Common Stock and 5,000,000 shares of preferred
stock. We may issue additional shares of our Common Stock or other securities that are convertible
into or exercisable for our Common Stock in connection with hiring or retaining employees, future acquisitions, future sales of our securities
for capital raising purposes, or for other business purposes. In addition, as of September 6, 2023, options to purchase 3,156,037 shares
of our Common Stock were outstanding. The future issuance of additional shares of our Common Stock may create downward pressure on the
trading price of the Common Stock. We may need to raise additional capital in the future to meet our working capital needs, and there
can be no assurance that we will not issue additional shares, warrants or other convertible securities in the future in conjunction with
these capital raising efforts, including at a price (or exercise prices) below the price you paid for your stock. 

We do not anticipate paying dividends on
our Common Stock. 

Cash dividends have never been declared or paid
on our Common Stock, and we do not anticipate such a declaration or payment for the foreseeable future. We expect to use future earnings,
if any, to fund business growth. Therefore, stockholders will not receive any funds absent a sale of their shares of Common Stock. If
we do not pay dividends, our Common Stock may be less valuable because a return on your investment will only occur if our stock price
appreciates. We cannot assure stockholders that our stock price will appreciate or that they will receive a positive return on their
investment if and when they sell their shares. 

General Risk Factors 

Security breaches and other disruptions
could compromise our proprietary information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer. 

We rely on trade secrets, technical know-how
and other unpatented proprietary information relating to our product development and manufacturing activities to provide us with competitive
advantages. We protect this information by entering into confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, strategic partners
and other third parties. We also design our computer networks and implement various procedures to restrict unauthorized access to dissemination
of our proprietary information. 

We face internal and external data security threats. Current, departing
or former employees or third parties that improperly use or access our computer systems and networks could copy, obtain or misappropriate
our proprietary information or otherwise interrupt our business. Like other businesses, we are also subject to significant system or network
disruptions from numerous causes, including computer viruses and other cyber-attacks, facility access issues, new system implementations
and energy blackouts. 

Security breaches, computer malware, phishing,
spoofing, and other cyber-attacks have become more prevalent and sophisticated in recent years. Geopolitical instability, such as Russia s
invasion of Ukraine, may increase the likelihood that we will experience direct or collateral consequences from cyber conflicts between
nation-states or other politically motivated actors targeting critical technology infrastructure. While we defend against these threats
on a daily basis, we do not believe that such attacks to date have caused us any material damage. Because the techniques used by computer
hackers and others to access or sabotage networks constantly evolve and generally are not recognized until launched against a target,
we may be unable to anticipate, counter or ameliorate all of these techniques. As a result, our and our customers proprietary
information may be misappropriated, and the impact of any future incident cannot be predicted. Any loss of such information could harm
our competitive position, result in a loss of customer confidence in the adequacy of our threat mitigation and detection processes and
procedures, cause us to incur significant costs to remedy the damages caused by the incident, and divert management and other resources.
We routinely implement improvements to our network security safeguards and we are devoting increasing resources to the security of our
information technology systems. We cannot, however, assure that such system improvements will be sufficient to prevent or limit the damage
from any future cyber-attack or network disruption. 

The costs related to cyber-attacks or other security
threats or computer systems disruptions typically would not be fully insured or indemnified by others. Occurrence of any of the events
described above could result in loss of competitive advantages derived from our R D efforts or our intellectual property. Moreover,
these events may result in the early obsolescence of our products, product development delays, or diversion of the attention of management
and key information technology and other resources, or otherwise adversely affect our internal operations and reputation or degrade our
financial results and stock price. 

35 

We may be subject to theft, loss, or misuse
of personal data by or about our employees, customers or other third parties, which could increase our expenses, damage our reputation,
or result in legal or regulatory proceedings. 

In the ordinary course of our business, we have
access to sensitive, confidential or personal data or information regarding our employees and others that is subject to privacy and security
laws and regulations. The theft, loss, or misuse of personal data collected, used, stored, or transferred by us to run our business,
or by our third-party service providers, including business process software applications providers and other vendors that have access
to sensitive data, could result in damage to our reputation, disruption of our business activities, significantly increased business
and security costs or costs related to defending legal claims. 

Global privacy legislation, enforcement, and
policy activity in this area are rapidly expanding and creating a complex regulatory compliance environment. For example, the European
Union has adopted the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), which requires companies to comply with rules regarding
the handling of personal data, including its use, protection and the ability of persons whose data is stored to correct or delete such
data about themselves. Failure to meet GDPR requirements could result in penalties of up to the higher of 20 million or 4 of worldwide
revenue. In addition, the interpretation and application of consumer and data protection laws in the U.S., Europe and elsewhere are often
uncertain and fluid, and may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our data practices. Complying with these
changing laws has caused, and could continue to cause, us to incur substantial costs, which could have an adverse effect on our business
and results of operations. Further, failure to comply with existing or new rules may result in significant penalties or orders to stop
the alleged non-compliant activity. Finally, even our inadvertent failure to comply with federal, state, or international privacy-related
or data protection laws and regulations could result in audits, regulatory inquiries or proceedings against us by governmental entities
or others. 

Our business and operations would suffer
in the event of system failures, and our operations are vulnerable to interruption by natural disasters, terrorist activity, power loss
and other events beyond our control, the occurrence of which could materially harm our business. 

Despite the implementation of security measures,
our internal computer systems and those of our contractors and consultants are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses, unauthorized
access as well as telecommunication and electrical failures. While we have not experienced any such system failure, accident or security
breach to date, if such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of
our R D. If any disruption or security breach resulted in a loss of or damage to our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure
of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability and/or the further development of our technology for RF filters
could be delayed. 

We are also vulnerable to accidents, electrical
blackouts, fires, labor strikes, terrorist activities, war, natural disasters, including hurricanes, earthquakes, floods and tornadoes,
and other events beyond our control, and we have not undertaken a systematic analysis of the potential consequences to our business as
a result of any such events and do not have an applicable recovery plan in place. We carry business interruption insurance that would
compensate us for certain actual losses from interruptions of our business that may occur, however that may not fully cover all losses
incurred, any losses or damages incurred could cause our business to materially suffer. 

Litigation or legal proceedings, including
product liability claims, could expose us to significant liabilities, occupy a significant amount of our management s
time and attention and damage our reputation. 

We are from time to time party to various litigation
claims and legal proceedings. We evaluate these claims and proceedings to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and estimate,
if possible, the amount of potential losses. If we or any of our manufacturers fails to successfully manufacture wafers that conform
to our design specifications and the strict regulatory requirements of the FCC, it may result in substantial risk of undetected flaws
in components or other materials used by our manufacturers during fabrication of our products and could lead to product defects and costs
to repair or replace these parts or materials, significantly impacting our ability to develop and implement our technology and to improve
performance of our products. In addition, claims made or threatened by our suppliers, customers or current or former employees could
adversely affect our relationships, damage our reputation or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition or results
of operations. The costs associated with defending product liability and other claims, and the payment of damages, could be substantial.
Our reputation could also be adversely affected by such claims, whether or not successful. 

36 

We may establish reserves as appropriate based
upon assessments and estimates in accordance with our accounting policies in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We base our assessments, estimates
and disclosures on the information available to us at the time and rely on legal and management judgment. Actual outcomes or losses may
differ materially from assessments and estimates. Actual settlements, judgments or resolutions of these claims or proceedings may negatively
affect our business and financial performance. A successful claim against us that is not covered by insurance or is in excess of our
available insurance limits could require us to make significant payments of damages and could materially adversely affect our financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Delaware law, our charter documents and
the ability of our Board of Directors to issue additional stock could impede or discourage a takeover or change of control that
stockholders may consider favorable. 

As a Delaware corporation, we are subject to
certain anti-takeover provisions. Under Delaware law, a corporation may not engage in a business combination with any holder of 15 percent
or more of its capital stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or, among other things, the board of directors has
approved the transaction. Accordingly, our Board of Directors could rely on Delaware law to prevent or delay an acquisition of our company.
In addition, certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change
of control or changes in our management. These provisions include only our Board of Directors being able to fill vacancies on the Board
and various limitations in our bylaws on stockholder meeting, including advance notice requirements for stockholders to make nominations
of candidates for election as directors or to bring matters before an annual meeting of stockholders and our stockholders not having
the ability to call a special meeting. 

Our Board of Directors is authorized to issue
up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock with powers, rights and preferences designated by it. Shares of voting or convertible preferred
stock could be issued, or rights to purchase such shares could be issued, to create voting impediments or to frustrate persons seeking
to effect a takeover or otherwise gain control of the Company. The ability of the Board to issue such additional shares of preferred
stock, with rights and preferences it deems advisable, could discourage an attempt by a party to acquire control of the Company by tender
offer or other means. Such issuances could therefore deprive stockholders of benefits that could result from such an attempt, such as
the realization of a premium over the market price for their shares in a tender offer or the temporary increase in market price that
such an attempt could cause. Moreover, the issuance of such additional shares of preferred stock to persons supporting of the Board of
Directors could make it more difficult to remove incumbent managers and directors from office even if such change were to be favorable
to stockholders generally. 

Our bylaws provide, subject to certain
exceptions, that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for certain stockholder litigation
matters, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors,
officers, employees or stockholders. 

Our bylaws provide, subject to limited exceptions,
that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for
any claims, including any derivative actions or proceedings brought on our behalf, (1) that are based upon a violation of a duty by a
current or former director or officer or stockholder in such capacity or (2) that may be brought in the Court of Chancery pursuant to
the Delaware General Corporation Law. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our Common Stock
shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the provisions of our bylaws described above. This choice of forum provision
may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our
directors, officers, other employees or stockholders which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. Alternatively, if a court
were to find the choice of forum provision that is contained in our bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur
additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could materially adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

37 

As a smaller reporting company and
a non-accelerated filer, we are subject to scaled disclosure requirements that may make it more challenging for investors to analyze
our results of operations and financial prospects and may cause investors to find our Common Stock less attractive. 

As a smaller reporting company, we are subject
to scaled disclosure requirements that may make it more challenging for investors to analyze our results of operations and financial
prospects. For instance, as a smaller reporting company, which is generally defined as a company with less than 250 million
of public float or a company with less than 100 million in annual revenues and either no public float or a public float of less than
 700 million, we may elect to provide simplified executive compensation disclosures in our filings and take advantage of other decreased
disclosure obligations in our filings with the SEC, including being required to provide only two years of audited financial statements
in our annual reports. Consequently, it may be more challenging for investors to analyze our results of operations and financial prospects.
Additionally, under current SEC rules, we are not an accelerated filer and so not required to include an auditor attestation
of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We cannot predict if investors
will find our Common Stock less attractive because we may rely on these reduced requirements. If some investors find our Common Stock
less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our Common Stock and the price of shares of our Common
Stock may be more volatile. 

Being a public company is expensive and
administratively burdensome. 

As a public reporting company, we are subject
to the information and reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and
other federal securities laws, rules and regulations related thereto, including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Complying with
these laws and regulations requires the time and attention of our Board of Directors and management and increases our expenses. Among
other things, we are required to: 

maintain and evaluate a system of internal control over financial reporting
 in compliance with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the related rules and regulations of the SEC and
 the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board; 

maintain policies relating to disclosure controls and procedures; 

prepare and distribute periodic reports in compliance with our obligations
 under federal securities laws; 

institute a more comprehensive compliance function, including with
 respect to corporate governance; and 

involve, to a greater degree, our outside legal counsel and accountants
 in the above activities. 

The costs of preparing and filing annual and
quarterly reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC and furnishing audited reports to stockholders is expensive and
much greater than that of a privately-held company, and compliance with these rules and regulations may require us to hire additional
financial reporting, internal controls and other finance personnel, and will involve a material increase in regulatory, legal and accounting
expenses and the attention of management. There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with the applicable regulations in
a timely manner, if at all. In addition, being a public company makes it more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability
insurance. In the future, we may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain this coverage.
These factors could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified executives and members of our Board of Directors,
particularly directors willing to serve on the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

38 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Our current headquarters in Huntersville, NC is 22,400 square feet,
and its base rent is approximately 22,000 per month with a term expiring February 2026. In June 2017, the Company acquired a 120,000
square foot MEMS fabrication facility in Canandaigua, NY (the NY Facility ). The Company has entered into a Lease and Project
Agreement and a Company Lease Agreement with the Ontario County Industrial Development Agency, a public benefit corporation of the State
of New York (the OCIDA ), covering the NY Facility, pursuant to which the Company leases the NY Facility to the OCIDA for
nominal consideration and the OCIDA leases the NY Facility back to the Company for annual rent payments set forth in such agreements. 

As part of the acquisition of RFMi, the Company
assumed a lease in Carrollton, Texas. The lease covering this property is currently scheduled to expire in March 2025. 

As part of the acquisition of GDSI, the Company entered into a lease
in San Jose, California. The lease covering this property is currently scheduled to expire in December 2025. 

During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022,
the Company entered into a new office lease located in Taiwan. The lease covering this property is currently scheduled to expire in May
2025. 

The Company believes that its existing facilities
will be suitable and sufficient to meet the Company s needs for the next several years. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From time to time, we may become involved in
various lawsuits and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties,
and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may have an adverse effect on our business, financial
condition or results of operations and prospects. 

Except for the matters
described under Litigation, Claims and Assessments in Note 15 Commitments and Contingencies 
of the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which description is incorporated in
this Item 3. Legal Proceedings by reference, we are currently not aware of any material pending legal proceedings to which
we are a party or of which any of our property is the subject, nor are we aware of any such proceedings that are contemplated by any governmental
authority. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

39 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information and Holders 

Our Common Stock is currently traded on the Nasdaq
Capital Market under the symbol AKTS. 

As of September 01, 2023, 72,351,827 shares of
our Common Stock were issued and outstanding and were held by approximately 88 stockholders of record. 

Dividends 

We have never paid any dividends on our capital
stock and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our Common Stock in the foreseeable future. We intend to retain future earnings
to fund ongoing operations and future capital requirements. Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion of our
Board of Directors and will be dependent upon financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements and such other factors
as the Board of Directors deems relevant. 

Warrants, Options and Restricted Stock Units 

As of June 30, 2023, there were outstanding options to purchase 3,156,037
shares of our Common Stock. Additionally, there were outstanding 3,428,235 restricted stock units. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information as of
June 30, 2023 

The following table provides information as of
June 30, 2023, relating to our equity compensation plans, under which grants of options, restricted stock, and other equity awards may
be made from time to time: 

Plan category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted- average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders - options 
 3,156,037 (1) 
 6.61 
 4,638,242 (4) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders restricted stock units 
 3,064,882 (2) 
 0.00 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 363,353 (3) 

Total 
 6,584,272 
 
 4,638,242 (4) 

(1) 
 Consists of (i) 130,000 shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise
of outstanding options issued under the Company s 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2015 Plan ), (ii) 770,502 issuable
under the Company s 2016 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2016 Plan ), (iii) and 2,255,535 issuable under the Company s
2018 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2018 Plan ). 

(2) 
 Consists of 3,064,882 shares of Common Stock to be issued upon the
vesting of outstanding restricted stock units issuable under the 2018 Plan. 

(3) Consists of 363,353 shares of Common Stock to be issued upon
the vesting of outstanding restricted stock units to be issued outside of an approved plan. 

(4) 
 As of June 30, 2023, 4,638,242 additional shares of Common Stock remained
available for future issuance under the 2018 Plan. No additional grants will be made under the Company s 2014 Stock Plan (the 2014
Plan ), the 2015 Plan or the 2016 Plan. 

40 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

We did not sell any equity securities during the fiscal year ended
June 30, 2023 that were not registered under the Securities Act, other than as previously reported in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q
and our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following management s discussion
and analysis should be read in conjunction with the historical financial statements and the related notes thereto contained in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. See also the Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information on page ii of this Report. 

The following discussion highlights the results
of operations and the principal factors that have affected our financial condition, as well as our liquidity and capital resources for
the periods described, and provides information that management believes is relevant for an assessment and understanding of the statements
of financial condition and results of operations presented herein. The following discussion and analysis are based on the audited financial
statements contained in this Report, which we have prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles.
You should read the discussion and analysis together with such financial statements and the related notes thereto. 

Overview 

Akoustis Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation,
was incorporated in 2013. The Company is an emerging commercial product company focused on developing, designing, and manufacturing innovative
RF filter solutions for the wireless industry, including for products such as smartphones and tablets, network infrastructure equipment,
Wi-Fi Customer Premise Equipment CPE and defense applications. Filters are critical in selecting and rejecting signals,
and their performance enables differentiation in the modules defining the RF front-end RFFE ). Located between the device s
antenna and its digital backend, the RFFE is the circuitry that performs the analog signal processing and contains components
such as amplifiers, filters and switches. We have developed a proprietary microelectromechanical system MEMS based bulk
acoustic wave BAW technology and a unique manufacturing process flow, called XBAW , for our filters produced
for use in RFFE modules. Our XBAW TM filters incorporate optimized high purity piezoelectric materials for high power, high
frequency and wide bandwidth operation. We are developing RF Filters for 5G, Wi-Fi and defense bands using our proprietary resonator device
models and product design kits (PDKs). As we qualify our RF filter products, we are engaging with target customers to evaluate our filter
solutions. 

Our initial designs target UHB, sub-7 GHz 5G,
Wi-Fi and defense bands. We expect our filter solutions will address problems (such as loss, bandwidth, power handling, and isolation)
created by the growing number of frequency bands in the RFFE of mobile devices, infrastructure and premise equipment to support 5G and
Wi-Fi. We have prototyped, sampled and begun commercial shipment of our single-band low loss BAW filter designs for 5G frequency bands
and 5 GHz and 6 GHz Wi-Fi bands, which are suited to competitive BAW solutions and historically cannot be addressed with low-band, lower
power handling surface acoustic wave SAW technology. Additionally, through our wholly owned subsidiary, RFMi, of which
we acquired majority ownership in October 2021 and full ownership in April 2023, we operate a fabless business whereby we make sales of
complementary SAW resonators, RF filters, crystal Xtal resonators and oscillators, and ceramic products addressing
opportunities in multiple end markets, such as automotive and industrial applications. We also offer back-end semiconductor supply chain
services through our wholly owned subsidiary, GDSI, which we acquired in January 2023. 

We expect to continue to incur substantial costs
for commercialization of our technology on a continuous basis because our business model involves materials and solid-state device technology
development and engineering of catalog and custom filter design solutions. To succeed across our combined portfolio of Akoustis, XBAW,
and RFMi products, we must convince customers in a wide range of industries including mobile phone OEMs, RFFE module manufacturers, network
infrastructure OEMs, Wi-Fi CPE OEMs, medical device makers, and defense customers to use our products in their systems and modules. For
example, since there are two dominant BAW filter suppliers in the industry that have high-band technology, and both utilize such technology
as a competitive advantage at the module level, we expect customers that lack access to high-band filter technology will be open to engage
with our company for XBAW filters. 

To help drive our XBAW filter business, we plan
to continue to pursue RF filter design and R D development agreements and potentially joint ventures with target customers and other
strategic partners, although we cannot guarantee we will be successful in these efforts. These types of arrangements may subsidize technology
development costs and qualification, filter design costs, and offer complementary technology and market intelligence and other avenues
to revenue. However, we intend to retain ownership of our core XBAW technology, intellectual property, designs, and related improvements.
Across our combined portfolio of Akoustis, XBAW, and RFMi products, we expect to continue development of catalog designs for multiple
customers and to offer such catalog products in multiple sales channels. 

Please see Item 1. Business for more information. 

41 

Business Environment and Current Trends 

Impact of COVID-19 

The COVID-19 pandemic has significantly impacted
business activity across the globe. In particular, COVID-19 contributed to delays we observed in certain suppliers shipment of
materials necessary for us to manufacture our products and in certain vendors ability to deliver equipment for installation at
our facilities. Although the effects of COVID-19 and its impact on our supply chain have eased since the peak of the pandemic and related
lock-down protocols imposed by local governments, including China, we will continue to actively monitor the situation and may take further
actions altering our business operations that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, partners, suppliers,
and stakeholders, or as required by federal, state, or local authorities. The effect that any such alterations or modifications may have
on our business, including the effects on our customers, employees, and prospects, or on our financial results for fiscal year 2024 or
beyond is unclear. 

Semiconductor Shortages and Supply Chain Issues 

The global silicon semiconductor industry continues
to experience a shortage in supply and difficulties in ability to meet customer demand. This shortage has led to an increase in lead-times
of production of semiconductor chips and components. As our business depends in significant part upon manufacturers of products requiring
semiconductors, as well as the current and anticipated production of these products, we have sought to manage the impact of supply shortages
though carefully maintaining and increasing key inventory levels. In some cases, we have incurred higher costs to secure available inventory,
or have extended our purchase commitments or placed non-cancellable orders with suppliers, which introduces inventory risk if our forecasts
and assumptions are inaccurate. We believe the global supply chain challenges and their adverse impact on our business and financial results
will persist through calendar year 2024. We expect these constrained supply conditions to increase our costs of goods sold and increase
uncertainty with respect to the timing of delivery of specific customer orders. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The following discussion and analysis of our
financial condition and results of operations is based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). Certain accounting policies and estimates are particularly
important to the understanding of our financial position and results of operations and require the application of significant judgment
by our management or can be materially affected by changes from period to period in economic factors or conditions that are outside of
our control. As a result, they are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. In applying these policies, our management uses its
judgment to determine the appropriate assumptions to be used in the determination of certain estimates. Those estimates are based on
our historical operations, our future business plans and projected financial results, the terms of existing contracts, our observance
of trends in the industry, information provided by our customers and information available from other outside sources, as appropriate. 

Revenue Recognition 

Application of the revenue recognition guidance
requires a significant number of judgments and estimates, which may impact the amount and timing of revenue recognition and related disclosures.
Refer to Note 3, "Summary of significant accounting policies" of our notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere
in this Report for additional information regarding our revenue recognition policies, significant judgements, and estimates. 

Derivative Liability 

The Company evaluates its options, warrants,
convertible notes, and other contracts, if any, to determine if those contracts or embedded components of those contracts qualify as
derivatives to be separately accounted for in accordance with paragraph 815-10-05-4 and Section 815-40-25 of the FASB Accounting Standards
Codification. The result of this accounting treatment is that the fair value of the embedded derivative is marked-to-market each balance
sheet date and recorded as either an asset or a liability. The change in fair value is recorded in the consolidated statement of operations
as other income or expense. Upon conversion, exercise or cancellation of a derivative instrument, the instrument is marked to fair value
at the date of conversion, exercise, or cancellation and then the related fair value is reclassified to equity. 

42 

In circumstances where the embedded conversion
option in a convertible instrument is required to be bifurcated and there are also other embedded derivative instruments in the convertible
instrument that are required to be bifurcated, the bifurcated derivative instruments are accounted for as a single, compound derivative
instrument. 

The classification of derivative instruments,
including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period.
Equity instruments that are initially classified as equity that become subject to reclassification are reclassified to liability at the
fair value of the instrument on the reclassification date. Derivative instrument liabilities will be classified in the balance sheet
as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement of the derivative instrument is expected within 12 months of the
balance sheet date. 

The Company adopted Section 815-40-15 of the
FASB Accounting Standards Codification Section 815-40-15 to determine whether an instrument (or an embedded feature)
is indexed to the Company s own stock. Section 815-40-15 provides that an entity should use a two-step approach to evaluate
whether an equity-linked financial instrument (or embedded feature) is indexed to its own stock, including evaluating the instrument s
contingent exercise and settlement provisions. 

The Company utilizes a Monte Carlo simulation
to compute the fair value of the derivative liability and to mark to market the fair value of the derivative at each balance sheet date.
The Company records the change in the fair value of the derivative as other income or expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 

The Company utilizes the with-and-without method,
a form of the income approach model to compute the fair value of its embedded derivatives associated with its convertible notes. The
fair value of the embedded derivatives represents the difference in the present value of anticipated cash flows assuming the feature
is present as compared to a security without the same feature. The Company records the change in the fair value of the derivative as
other income or expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Fair Value of the Acquired Intangible Assets 

We perform valuations of assets acquired and
liabilities assumed on each acquisition accounted for as a business combination and allocate the purchase price of each acquired business
to our respective assets and liabilities. Acquired intangible assets include developed technology, customer relationships and tradenames.
We use various valuation techniques to value these intangibles assets, with the primary technique being a discounted cash flow analysis.
A discounted cash flow analysis requires us to make various assumptions, estimates and judgements including projected revenue, gross
margins, operating costs, growth rates, useful lives and discount rates. We believe our assumptions, estimates, and judgements to be
reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ from estimates. Estimates
associated with the accounting for acquisitions may change as additional information becomes available regarding the assets acquired
and liabilities assumed. Intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives using the straight-line method which approximates
the pattern in which the economic benefits of such assets are expected to be consumed. 

43 

Results of Operations 

Our results of operations are presented for the
fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022. 

Year Ended June 30, 2023 Compared to Year
Ended June 30, 2022 

Revenue 

The Company recorded revenue of 27.1 million
for the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to 15.4 million for the year ended June 30, 2022. The increase of 11.7 million was primarily
due to an increase in RF product revenue of 4.6 million or 34 , which includes revenue from sales of RFMi products. Additionally, revenue
from fabrication services, which includes revenue from GDSI, increased by 7.1 million or 382 . 

Cost of Revenue 

Cost of revenue includes direct labor, material,
net realizable value (NRV) adjustments, and facility costs primarily associated with foundry services revenue, manufacturing of filter
products and engineering services. The Company recorded cost of revenue of 30.2 million for the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared
to 19.5 million for the year ended June 30, 2022. The 10.7 million increase is primarily due to costs associated with RF product revenue
which increased by 7.7 million or 45 , which includes cost of revenue from sales of RFMi products. In addition, costs associated with
fabrication services, which includes GDSI, increased by 3.1 million or 125 . 

Research and Development Expenses 

R D expenses were 33.2 million for the year
ended June 30, 2023 and were 2.5 million, or 7 lower than the prior year amount for the same period of 35.7 million. Personnel costs,
including stock-based compensation, were 16.5 million compared to 17.9 million in the prior year period, a decrease of 1.4 million
or 7.9 . Facility costs, including depreciation, of 7.8 million primarily associated with the NY Facility were 0.1 million lower than
the prior period. Lastly, R D material costs were 0.8 million lower than the prior period. 

General and Administrative Expense 

General and administrative G A expenses include salaries and wages for executive and administrative staff, stock-based compensation, professional fees, insurance costs
and other general costs associated with the administration of our business. G A expenses for the year ended June 30, 2023 were 29.7
million, which is an increase of 9.0 million compared to the year ended June 30, 2022. Year-over-year changes within G A expenses
include an increase in employee compensation (including stock-based compensation) of 2.6 million as well as increased general expenses
of 5.9 million, primarily professional fees and intangible amortization. 

Other Income/(Expense) 

Other income for the year ended June 30, 2023
was 0.1 million compared to other expenses of 0.5 million in fiscal year 2022. The 0.4 million increase in other income was primarily
due to an increase in interest expense of 2.2 million which was offset by an increase in income related changes in contingent liabilities
and derivative liabilities resulting in income of 2.3 million. 

Net Loss 

The Company recorded a net loss of 63.6 million
for the year ended June 30, 2023, compared to a net loss of 59.2 million for the year ended June 30, 2022. The year-over-year incremental
loss of 4.4 million, or 7 , was primarily driven by an increase in cost of revenue of 10.7 million, higher R D and G A personnel
costs, including stock based compensation of 1.2 million, as well as an increase in professional fees and intangible amortization of
 6.1 million. These increases were partially offset by decreases in R D materials and facility costs of 0.9 million as well as an
increase in revenue of 11.7 million. 

These increases were partially offset by decreases
in R D materials and facility costs of 0.9 million as well as an increase in revenue of 11.7 million. 

44 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Overview 

The Company s short-term and long-term liquidity
requirements primarily arise from funding (i) research and development expenses, (ii) general and administrative G A expenses including salaries, bonuses, commissions and stock-based compensation, (iii) working capital requirements, (iv) business acquisitions
and investments we may make from time to time, including potential performance based payments related to our acquisition of RFMi and a
note payable issued in connection with our acquisition of GDSI, and (v) interest and principal payments related to our 44.0 million aggregate
principal amount of outstanding convertible notes. Additionally, in the near-term, the Company makes capital expenditures in connection
with the expansion of the capacity of its manufacturing facility in Canandaigua, New York. 

The Company has incurred losses and negative cash
flow from operations since inception. Our operations thus far have been funded primarily with sales of equity and debt securities, as
well as contract research and government grants, foundry services and engineering services. We expect our operating expenditures to continue
to increase to support future growth of our manufacturing capabilities and expansion of our product offerings, as well as an increase
in research and development and headcount costs to support this growth. We believe we currently have sufficient resources to fund operations
and planned investments for at least the next twelve months from the date of filing of this Form 10-K. However, until we are able to generate
sufficient cash flow from operations to achieve and maintain profitability and meet our obligations as they come due, we may need to raise
additional capital to support our business. We recently completed an offering of convertible notes resulting in net proceeds to the Company
of 43.7 million and have access to an at-the-market offering program pursuant to which we may sell up to 50 million of Common Stock.
As of the date of this Annual Report, the Company had sold 2.0 million of Common Stock under such at-the-market offering program and
previously announced that it was suspending sales under the at-the-market offering program in light of market conditions. If, in the future,
the Company determines to resume sales under the at-the-market offering program, it intends to notify investors by the filing of a Current
Report on Form 8-K, other SEC filing or other public announcement. In January 2023, approximately 13.9 million in cash was paid to the
sellers in the GDSI acquisition as mentioned in Note 7 to the Financial Statements. Additionally, the Company estimates that approximately 4.0 million of additional
cash is needed to complete construction in progress assets that are currently not in service. 

The Company had 43.1 million of cash on hand as of June 30, 2023,
which reflects a decrease of 37.4 million compared to 80.5 million as of June 30, 2022. The 37.4 million decrease is primarily due
to 44.8 million of cash used in operating activities, cash used for purchases of machinery and equipment of 11.3 million and cash used
for investment in subsidiary of 13.9 million. Partially offsetting these cash uses was cash proceeds from issuance of common stock of
 32.0 million. 

Financing Activities 

On May 2, 2022, the Company entered into an ATM
Sales Agreement with Oppenheimer Co. Inc., Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, and Roth Capital Partners, LLC pursuant to which the
Company may sell from time-to-time shares of its common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 50,000,000 (the 2022
Equity Offering Program ). The Company announced on May 25, 2022 that it was suspending sales under the 2022 Equity Offering Program
in light of the current market conditions. If, in the future, the Company determines to resume sales pursuant to the 2022 Equity Offering
Program, it intends to notify investors by the filing of a Current Report on Form 8-K, other SEC filing or other public announcement.
The Company did not make any sales of common stock under the Equity Offering Program in the year ended June 30, 2023. 

On June 9, 2022, the Company issued 44.0 million
aggregate principal amount of its 6.0 Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (the Notes guaranteed by its wholly-owned subsidiary,
Akoustis, Inc. The Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture (the Indenture ), dated June 9, 2022, among the Company, the
Guarantor and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee. The Notes bear interest at a rate of 6.0 per year until maturity
on June 15, 2027, payable semi-annually beginning on December 15, 2022. At the Company s option, interest may be paid in cash and/or
shares of the Company s common stock. The initial conversion rate for the Notes is 212.3142 shares of common stock (subject to
adjustment as provided in the Indenture) per 1,000 principal amount of the Notes, which is equal to an initial conversion price of approximately
 4.71 per share. 

On January 19, 2023, the Company closed an underwritten
public offering of 12,545,454 shares of its common stock at a price to the public of 2.75 per share pursuant to an underwriting agreement
with B. Riley Securities, Inc., as representative of the several underwriters named therein. The shares of common stock issued at closing
included 1,636,363 shares issued pursuant to the underwriters over-allotment option, which was exercised in full. Gross proceeds
totaled 34.5 million before deducting the underwriting discount and offering expenses of approximately 2.5 million resulting in net
proceeds from the offering of approximately 32.0 million. Certain of the Company s directors and officers participated in the
offering by purchasing shares on the same terms and conditions as other investors. 

Balance Sheet and Working Capital 

June 30, 2023 Compared to June 30, 2022 

As of June 30, 2023, the Company had current assets
of 59.8 million made up primarily of cash on hand of 43.1 million. As of June 30, 2022, current assets were 91.7 million comprised
primarily of cash on hand of 80.5 million. The reduction in current assets was primarily a result of the use of cash in operations. 

45 

Property, Plant and Equipment was 57.8 million
as of June 30, 2023 as compared to a balance of 51.2 million as of the year ended June 30, 2022. The 6.6 million year-over-year increase
is primarily due to the purchase of equipment for the NY Facility of 13.2 million offset by depreciation of 9.2 million as well as assets
acquired during the acquisition of GDSI amounting to 2.5 million. 

Total assets as of June 30, 2023 and June 30,
2022 were 148.9 million and 161.3 million, respectively. The 12.4 million decrease is primarily due to a decrease in cash of 31.9
million which was partially offset by increases in property, plant and equipment as well as increase in intangible assets, including goodwill,
related to the acquisition of GDSI. 

Current liabilities as of June 30, 2023 were 17.6
million and increased year-over-year by 4.9 million which was primarily due to increases in accounts payable and accrued expenses, primarily
due to increases in production activities and, employee compensation accruals and professional fee accruals. 

Long-term liabilities totaled 45.1 million as
of June 30, 2023, compared to 45.5 million for the prior year period. This decrease was a result of decreases in derivative and contingent
liability valuations offset by increases promissory notes payable. 

Stockholders equity was 86.2 million as
of June 30, 2023, compared to 103.4 million as of June 30, 2022. Additional paid-in-capital APIC was 356.5 million as
of June 30, 2023 and increased by 46.4 million compared to June 30, 2022. The year-over-year increase was primarily due to an increase
from net proceeds of 32.0 million for the issuance of common stock during the year, common stock issued for services in the amount of
 9.4 million, and common stock issued for the acquisition of a subsidiary of 1.7 million. The 17.2 million decrease in stockholders 
equity consisted of the 46.4 million increase in APIC reduced by the 63.6 million net loss recorded for the year ended June 30, 2023. 

Cash Flow Analysis 

Year Ended June 30, 2023 Compared to the
Year Ended June 30, 2022 

Operating Activities 

Net cash used in operating activities was 44.8
million during the year ended June 30, 2023 and 45.2 million for the 2022 comparative period. The 0.4 million year-over-year decrease
in cash used was attributable to an increase in revenue partially offset by higher operating expenses associated with the ramp up of commercialization
activities, higher spend on G A costs for support personnel, and professional fees. 

Investing Activities 

Net cash used in investing activities was 25.1
million for the year ended June 30, 2023 compared to 34.9 million for the comparative year ended June 30, 2022. The 9.8 million year-over-year
decrease was primarily due to decreased spend on R D and manufacturing equipment of 16.3 million offset by a 6.3 million increase
in cash used for investment in a subsidiary. 

Financing Activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities was
 32.6 million for the year ended June 30, 2023 versus 72.3 million for the 2022 comparative period. The 39.7 million decrease was due
to a decrease in proceeds from convertible debt of 43.7 million compared to the prior period, offset by an increase in proceeds from
issuance of common stock of 4.4 million. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Not applicable 

46 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTAL
DATA 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB ID# F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 F-5 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 F-7 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 

Akoustis Technologies, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Akoustis Technologies, Inc. (the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements
of operations, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended June 30, 2023, and the
related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its
cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended June 30, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America . 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matter communicated below is
a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions
on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

F- 2 

Valuation of Customer Relationships Acquired in the Business
Combination 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

As described
in Note 7 to the financial statements, on January 1, 2023, the Company acquired all of the outstanding capital stock of Grinding and Dicing
Services, Inc. ("GDSI") for a total consideration of 13.9 million in cash and approximately 1.7 million shares of the Company's
common stock. As of the date of the acquisition, the Company recognized customer relationships acquired at an estimated fair value of
 6.1 million. As disclosed by management, the Company valued the acquired customer relationships utilizing the multi-period excess earnings
method, a form of income approach. Determining the fair value of the customer relationships acquired required management to make significant
judgments, including the revenue growth rate assumption, attrition rate, contributory asset charges, and discount rate. 

We identified the valuation of customer relationships
acquired in the acquisition of GDSI as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgments made by management to estimate the fair
value of the acquired customer relationships and the sensitivity of the fair value to the significant underlying assumptions, which include
the revenue growth rate assumption, attrition rate, contributory asset charges, and discount rate. These significant assumptions are forward
looking and could be affected by future economic and market conditions. This in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity,
and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s fair value measurement of the acquired customer relationships. 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed
in the Audit 

Our audit procedures related to the valuation of acquired customer
relationships included the following, among others: 

We obtained an understanding of the design of controls associated
with management s process for estimating the fair value of the acquired customer relationships. 

We assessed the reasonableness of management s projections
by comparing the projection used to the historical financial results of the acquired business and certain peer companies. 

We evaluated the reasonableness of the attrition rate by
assessing the underlying data used in determining the rate and testing mathematical accuracy of the calculation. 

With the assistance of our valuation specialists, we evaluated
the reasonableness of the valuation methodology and the following significant valuation assumptions: 

o Discount rate by testing the source information underlying
the determination of the discount rate, testing mathematical accuracy of the calculation, and reconciling the weighted average cost of
capital, weighted average return on assets and internal rate of return. 

o Contributory asset charges by testing the source information
underlying the determination of the contributory asset charges and mathematical accuracy of the calculation. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2015. 

, NY 

September 6, 2023 

F- 3 

Akoustis Technologies, Inc. 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

(In thousands, except per share data) 

June 30, 

June 30, 

2023 

2022 

Assets 

Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Intangibles, net 

Operating lease right-of-use asset, net 

Other assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Contingent consideration 

Operating lease liability 

Deferred revenue 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term Liabilities: 

Convertible notes payable, net 

Contingent consideration 

Operating lease liability 

Promissory note payable 

Other long-term liabilities 

Total long-term liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 15) 

Stockholders Equity 

Preferred Stock, par value : shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 
 
 Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 4 

Akoustis Technologies, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

(In thousands, except per share data) 

For the 
Year Ended 
June 30, 
2023 

For the 
Year Ended 
June 30, 
2022 

Revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

() 

() 

Operating expenses 

Research and development 

General and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

() 

() 

Other (expense) income 

Interest (expense) income 

() 

() 
 
 Change in fair value of contingent liability 

() 
 
 Other (expense) income 

() 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

() 
 
 Total Other (expense) income 

() 
 
 Net loss before income taxes 

() 

() 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interest 

Net Loss attributable to common stockholders 

() 

() 

Net loss per common share - basic and diluted 

() 

() 

Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 5 

A koustis Technologies, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders 
Equity 

For the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

(In thousands) 

Total Akoustis 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid In 
 Accumulated 
 Technologies, Inc. 
 Noncontrolling 
 Total 

Shares 
 Par Value 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 Interest 
 Equity 

Balance, June 30, 2021 

Common stock issued for cash, net of issuance costs 

Stock-based compensation 

Common stock issued for exercise of warrants 

Common stock issued for exercise of options 

ESPP purchase 

Common stock issued in acquisition 

Noncontrolling interest acquired 

Net loss 

Balance, June 30, 2022 

Common stock issued for cash, net of issuance costs 

Stock-based compensation 

ESPP purchase 

Common stock issued in acquisition 

Common stock issued in payment of note interest 

Net loss 

Balance, June 30, 2023 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 6 

Akoustis Technologies, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

(In thousands) 

For the Year Ended 
 For the Year Ended 

June 30, 2023 
 June 30, 2022 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation 

Amortization of debt discount 

Non-cash interest payments 

(Gain)/Loss on disposal of assets 

Change in deferred tax assets 

Amortization of operating lease right of use asset 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Other current asset 

Other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Lease liabilities 

Other long term liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Cash paid for machinery and equipment 

Cash received from sale of fixed assets 

Cash paid for investment in subsidiary 

Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 

Proceeds from exercise of warrants 

Proceeds from exercise of employee stock options 

Proceeds from employee stock purchase plan 

Proceeds received from convertible note, net of issuance costs 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash, Cash Equivalents 

Cash and Cash Equivalents - Beginning of Period 

Cash and Cash Equivalents - End of Period 

SUPPLEMENTARY CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash Paid During the Period for: 

Income taxes 

SUPPLEMENTARY DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Common stock issued in payment of interest 

Fixed assets included in accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Operating lease right-of-use asset, net 

Operating lease liability 

Acquisition of Business 

Tangible assets, excluding cash and cash equivalents 

Intangibles 

Goodwill 

Deferred Tax Liability 

Contingent consideration 

Liabilities assumed 

Liabilities cancelled 

Issuance of common stock for acquisition 

Noncontrolling interest acquired 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 7 

AKOUSTIS TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

million and working capital of million. The Company has historically incurred recurring operating losses
and experienced net cash used in operating activities. 

The Company expects its current cash and cash
equivalents to be sufficient to fund its operations beyond the next twelve months from the date of filing of this Form 10-K. These funds
will be used to fund the Company s operations, including capital expenditures, R D, commercialization of our technology, development
of our patent strategy and expansion of our patent portfolio, as well as to provide working capital and funds for other general corporate
purposes. Except for the million of common stock remaining available to be sold under its ATM Sales Agreement with Oppenheimer 
Co. Inc., Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, and Roth Capital Partners, LLC, the Company has no commitments or arrangements to obtain any
additional funds, and there can be no assurance such funds will be available on acceptable terms or at all. 

If in the future the Company is unable to obtain additional financing
in a timely fashion and on acceptable terms when such financing is needed, its financial condition and results of operations may be materially
adversely affected and it may not be able to continue operations or execute its stated commercialization plan. 

F- 8 

million was uninsured. 

to . Expenditures for major renewals and betterments that extend the useful lives
of property and equipment are capitalized. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs, which do not extend the economic useful life
of the related assets, are charged to operations as incurred. The Company records gains or losses on the disposal of assets as the difference
between net book value of assets and cash received less costs to dispose of assets. Gains or losses on the disposal of assets, as well
as impairment of assets held for sale are recorded in operating expenses. 

F- 9 

are included in operating lease right-of-use ROU assets and current and long-term operating lease liabilities in
the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 

years, trademarks
are amortized using the straight-line method over their useful lives of years and customer relationships are amortized using the straight-line
method over their useful lives of years. 

F- 10 

F- 11 

F- 12 

percent), the provision for taxes must be increased by recording a reserve in the form
of a valuation allowance for the deferred tax assets that are estimated not to ultimately be recoverable. In this process, certain relevant
criteria are evaluated including: the amount of income or loss in prior years, the existence of deferred tax liabilities that can be used
to absorb deferred tax assets, future expected taxable income, and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. Changes in taxable income,
market conditions, U.S. or international tax laws, and other factors may change the Company s judgment regarding whether the Company
will be able to realize the deferred tax assets. These changes, if any, may require material adjustments to the net deferred tax assets
and an accompanying reduction or increase in income tax expense which will result in a corresponding increase or decrease in net income
in the period when such determinations are made. 

percent) that some portion or all of a tax reporting position will
ultimately not be recognized and sustained, a provision for unrecognized tax benefit is provided by either reducing the applicable deferred
tax asset or accruing an income tax liability. The Company s judgment regarding the sustainability of the Company s tax reporting
positions may change in the future due to changes in U.S. or international tax laws and other factors. These changes, if any, may require
material adjustments to the related deferred tax assets or accrued income tax liabilities and an accompanying reduction or increase in
income tax expense which will result in a corresponding increase or decrease in net income in the period when such determinations are
made. 

refundable
tax credit on certain investments in domestic semiconductor manufacturing. The credit is provided for qualifying property, which is placed
in service after December 31, 2022. The CHIPS Act also provides for certain other financial incentives to further investments in domestic
semiconductor manufacturing. The Company is evaluating the provisions of the new law and its potential impact to the Company. 

on consolidated adjusted GAAP pre-tax earnings
for corporations with average income in excess of billion and is effective for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022. In addition,
the IRA also introduced a nondeductible excise tax on a publicly traded corporation for the net value of certain stock repurchases
during the tax year (effective for repurchases after December 31, 2022). The new law did not have a material impact on the Company s
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 13 

Asia 

Europe 

Other 

Total 

Asia 

Europe 

Other 

Total 

F- 14 

Closing, June 30, 2023 

Increase/(Decrease) 

Balance, June 30, 2021 

Closing, June 30, 2022 

Increase/(Decrease) 

The amount of revenue recognized in the year ended
June 30, 2022 that was included in the opening contract liability balance consisted of million that related to filter product sales. 

Contract assets are recorded when revenue recognized
exceeds the amount invoiced. The difference between the opening and closing balances of the Company s contract assets and contract
liabilities primarily results from the timing difference between the Company s performance and the customer s payment. The
amount of contract assets invoiced in the year ended June 30, 2023 that was included in the opening contract asset balance was million,
which primarily related to non-recurring engineering business. 

Backlog of Remaining Customer Performance Obligations 

As of June 30, 2023, the Company had partially unsatisfied
performance obligations related to contracts with an original expected duration of greater than one year. Revenue expected to be recognized
from these performance obligations was thousand as of June 30, 2023. The Company s backlog may vary significantly each reporting
period based on the timing of major new contract commitments. In addition, our customers have the right, under some infrequent circumstances,
to terminate contracts or defer the timing of the Company s services and their payments to us. 

F- 15 

Work in Process 

Finished Goods 

Total Inventory 

n/a

Building leasehold improvements 

years 
 
 Equipment 

- years 
 
 Computer equipment and software 

- years 
 
 Total 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

Total 

The Company recorded depreciation expense of 
million and million for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

As of June 30, 2023, equipment with a net book
value totaling million had not been placed in service and therefore was not depreciated during the period. As of June 30, 2022, fixed
assets with a net book value totaling million had not been placed in service and therefore was not depreciated during the period. 

F- 16 

million in cash and approximately million of shares of the Company s common stock.
In addition, the Company issued a secured promissory note (the Promissory Note in the original principal amount of 
million issued by the Purchaser to the Sellers representative. The Sellers representative is a current employee of the Company.
The Promissory Note does not bear interest, is subject to partial prepayment (reduction of the outstanding principal amount down to 
million) on the second anniversary of the Closing Date, and is payable in full on the third anniversary of the Closing Date. The Purchaser
can reduce the principal amount of the Promissory Note (i) to satisfy certain post-closing adjustments to the Transaction purchase price,
(ii) to satisfy the Sellers indemnification obligations under the Purchase Agreement, and (iii) if GDSI s President is terminated
for cause or due to disability or resigns without good reason prior to maturity the Promissory Note will be cancelled in its entirety.
The Promissory Note is secured by certain of the Purchaser s and GDSI s assets. In the event of certain events of default,
including failure to pay amounts due under the Promissory Note and certain bankruptcy events, the outstanding principal amount of the
Promissory Note will become immediately due. 

Common stock 

Liabilities cancelled 

Total consideration 

Cash 

Fixed assets 

Other tangible assets 

Intangible assets 

Goodwill 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Liabilities assumed 

Total assets acquired 

The Company will continue to evaluate the fair
market value and other estimates of certain assets, liabilities and tax estimates over the measurement period (up to from the
acquisition date) as provided for in ASC 805-10. 

The fair values of the intangible assets acquired
included trade names of million, developed technology of million and customer relationships of million and the provisional
value of the fixed assets acquired was million. 

The fair value of the trade names acquired was
determined based on an income approach using the relief-from-royalty method which estimated the value of the intangible
asset by discounting the future cash flows of the asset to present value. Key inputs include a royalty rate of and a discount rate
of as of the valuation date. The acquired trademarks assets are being amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful
lives of . 

The fair value of the developed technology acquired
was determined based on an income approach using the relief-from-royalty method which estimated the value of the intangible
asset by discounting the future cash flows of the asset to present value. Key inputs include a royalty rate of and a discount rate
of as of the valuation date. The acquired developed technology assets are being amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated
useful lives of . 

F- 17 

and
an attrition rate of as of the valuation date. These customer relationships are being amortized on a straight-line basis over their
estimated useful life of . 

The fair value of the fixed assets acquired was
primarily determined using a cost approach and used the original cost of the asset as the key input. The acquired fixed assets are being
depreciated over their estimated useful life of years. 

The goodwill resulting from the acquisition of
GDSI, which has been recorded in the Fabrication Services segment, is attributed to synergies and other benefits that are
expected to be generated from this transaction and is not deductible for income tax purposes. During the year ended June 30, 2023, the
Company recorded acquisition costs associated with the acquisition of GDSI totaling million in General and administrative
expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

Revenues included in the consolidated statement
of operations for the year ended June 30, 2023 from this acquisition for the period subsequent to the closing of the transaction was approximately
 million. Loss from operations included in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended June 30, 2023 from this acquisition
for the period subsequent to the closing of the transaction was approximately million. 

RFM Integrated Devices, Inc. 

On October 15, 2021, the Company acquired a majority
ownership position in RFM Integrated Device, Inc. RFMi ), a fabless supplier of acoustic wave RF resonators and filters,
to expand product offerings and provide access to new markets. The Company acquired the ownership interest in RFMi from Tai-Saw Technology
Co., Ltd. TST in exchange for million in cash and approximately million payable in common stock of the Company.
On April 29, 2022, the Company exercised its option to acquire the remaining ownership interest in RFMi from TST for an additional
 million in cash and approximately shares of common stock of the Company with a fair value at closing of million. 

Additionally, earn-out payments payable in cash
and/or shares of common stock of the Company may be payable to TST based on the achievement of sales targets for RFMi products in each
of calendar year 2022 and 2023, with potential payouts in the range of to million. The estimated fair value of the associated
liability was based on the present value of the expected future payouts resulting from the projected RFMi product sales, applying a volatility
rate of against those future projected revenues and using a discount rate of and for the first and second earnouts, respectively,
and thus represented a Level 3 fair value measurement. The contingent consideration is re-measured to fair value at each reporting date
until the contingency is resolved, and those changes in fair value are recognized in earnings. The Company has determined that the sales
targets for calendar year 2022 were not met and the related earnout payment is not owed. The fair value of the contingent consideration
decreased million during the year ended June 30, 2023. 

Common stock 

Fair value of contingent consideration 

Total consideration 

Cash 

Other tangible assets 

Intangible assets 

Goodwill 

Liabilities assumed 

Deferred tax liability 

Noncontrolling interest acquired 

Total assets acquired 

The fair value of the trademarks acquired was
determined based on an income approach using the relief-from-royalty method which estimated the value of the intangible
asset by discounting the future cash flows of the asset to present value. Key inputs include a royalty rate of and a discount rate
of as of the valuation date. The acquired trademarks assets are being amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful
lives of . 

The fair value of the developed technology acquired
was determined based on an income approach using the relief-from-royalty method which estimated the value of the intangible
asset by discounting the future cash flows of the asset to present value. Key inputs include a royalty rate of and a discount rate
of as of the valuation date. The acquired developed technology assets are being amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated
useful lives of . 

The fair value of the customer relationships acquired
was determined based on an income approach using the multi-period excess earnings method in which the value of the intangible
asset is determined by discounting the future cash flows of the asset to present value. Key inputs include a discount rate of , an
attrition rate of and an operating expense adjustment factor of as of the valuation date. These customer relationships are being
amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful life of . 

F- 18 

to the implied fair value based on the total consideration paid for the
 ownership. 

The goodwill resulting from the acquisition of
RFMi, which has been recorded in the RF Product segment, is attributed to synergies and other benefits that are expected to be generated
from this transaction and is not deductible for income tax purposes. During the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company recorded acquisition
costs associated with the acquisition of RFMi totaling million in General and administrative expenses in the Consolidated
Statements of Operations. 

Revenues included in the consolidated statement
of operations for the year ended June 30, 2022 from this acquisition for the period subsequent to the closing of the transaction was approximately
 million. Loss from operations included in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended June 30, 2022 from this acquisition
for the period subsequent to the closing of the transaction was approximately million. Also included in the loss from operations
in the year ended June 30, 2022 is expense of approximately thousand relating to adjustments to the fair value of earnout contingent
consideration described below. 

Pro Forma Results 

The following unaudited pro forma financial information
summarizes the results of operations for year ended June 30, 2022 and 2023, as if the RFMi and GDSI acquisitions had been completed as
of July 1, 2021 (in thousands). The pro forma results were calculated applying the Company s accounting policies and include the
effects of adjustments related to the amortization charges from the acquired intangibles. 

Net Loss 

Net Loss per share 

million. 

Developed Technology 

Customer Relationships 

Total 

Intangible assets consisted of the following as
of June 30, 2022 (in thousands): 

Developed Technology 

Customer Relationships 

Total 

F- 19 

million for the
year ended June 30, 2023. Estimated future amortization expense of intangible assets for each of the next five fiscal years and thereafter
are as follows (in thousands): 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total 

Accrued salaries and benefits 

Accrued good received not invoiced 

Accrued professional fees 

Other accrued expenses 

Totals 

Ending Balance as of June 30, 2023 

The following table summarizes convertible debt
as of June 30, 2022 (in thousands): 

() 

Ending Balance as of June 30, 2022 

() 

On June 9, 2022, the Company issued million
aggregate principal amount of its Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (the Notes guaranteed by its wholly-owned subsidiary,
Akoustis, Inc. (the Guarantor ). 

The Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture
(the Indenture ), dated June 9, 2022, among the Company, the Guarantor and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A.,
as trustee. The Notes bear interest at a rate of per year until maturity on (the Maturity Date ). Interest
on the Notes accrues from the date of issuance or from the most recent date to which interest has been paid and is payable semi-annually
in arrears on June 15 and December 15 of each year, beginning on December 15, 2022. At the Company s option, interest may be paid
in cash and/or freely tradable shares of the Company s common stock, subject to certain limitations, valued at of the volume
weighted average price of the common stock for the ten trading days ending on and including the trading day immediately preceding the
interest payment date. The Company will settle conversions of the Notes through delivery of shares of common stock of the Company in accordance
with the terms of the Indenture. The initial conversion price for the Notes is approximately per share. 

F- 20 

principal amount, at their option at any time prior to the close
of business on the business day immediately preceding the Maturity Date. If any Notes are converted prior to June 9, 2025 (the Interest
Make-Whole Date ), the Company will make a payment to the holder of such Notes equal to the sum of the remaining scheduled payments
of interest that would have been made on the Notes to be converted had such Notes remained outstanding from the conversion date through
and including the Interest Make-Whole Date. The Company will have the option to pay such Interest Make-Whole Payment in cash and/or common
stock, subject to certain limitations, valued at of the volume weighted average price of the common stock for the ten trading days
ending on and including the trading day immediately preceding the redemption date. 

Issuer Redemption 

The Company may redeem the Notes, in whole or
in part, at any time and from time to time on or after June 9, 2023 at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount plus accrued
and unpaid interest on such principal, if any, up to the redemption date. If the Company redeems the Notes prior to the Interest Make-Whole Date,
the holder will also receive an interest make-whole payment equal to the remaining scheduled interest payments that would have been made
on the notes redeemed had such notes remained outstanding through the Interest Make-Whole Date (an Interest Make-Whole Payment ).
The Company will have the option to pay such Interest Make-Whole Payment in cash and/or common stock, subject to certain limitations,
valued at of the volume weighted average price of the common stock for the ten trading days ending on and including the trading day
immediately preceding the redemption date. 

Fundamental Change 

If the Company undergoes a qualifying fundamental
change, as defined in the Indenture, under certain circumstances holders who convert their Notes in connection with such a qualifying
fundamental change will be entitled to receive, at each holder s option either (i) a qualifying fundamental change payment 
with respect to such converted Notes based on a make-whole table set forth in the Indenture, or (ii) if greater, the amount of any Interest
Make-Whole Payment due in respect of the converted Notes. Subject to certain limitations, qualifying fundamental change payments will
be made all in shares of common stock unless the Company gives written notice to the Note holders that it intends to make such payments
either all or partially in cash. For purposes of determining any cash payment to be made in respect of a qualifying fundamental change
payment, each share of common stock will be valued at of the Stock Price (as determined in accordance with the Indenture). 

The Company analyzed the components of the convertible
notes for embedded derivatives and the application of the corresponding accounting treatment. This analysis determined that certain features
of the notes represented derivatives that require bifurcation from the host contract. The fair value of these components of million
was recorded as a debt discount and will be adjusted to fair value at the end of each future reporting period. The Company recorded total
debt discount and debt issuance costs of million, to be amortized over five years using an effective interest method. Debt discount
and debt issuance costs include the fair value of the embedded features at the issuance date of million and debt issuance costs paid
totaling million. 

Interest expense on the Notes during the year
ended June 30, 2023 included contractual interest of thousand and debt discount amortization of thousand. Interest expense
on the Notes during the year ended June 30, 2022 included contractual interest of thousand and debt discount amortization of 
thousand. 

Promissory Note 

The Company issued a secured promissory note (the
 Promissory Note in the original principal amount of million issued by the Purchaser to the Sellers representative.
The Sellers representative is a current employee of the Company. The Promissory Note does not bear interest, is subject to partial
prepayment (reduction of the outstanding principal amount down to million) on the second anniversary of the Closing Date, and is
payable in full on the third anniversary of the Closing Date. The Purchaser can reduce the principal amount of the Promissory Note (i)
to satisfy certain post-closing adjustments to the Transaction purchase price, (ii) to satisfy the Sellers indemnification obligations
under the Purchase Agreement, and (iii) if GDSI s President is terminated for cause or due to disability or resigns without good
reason prior to maturity the Promissory Note will be cancelled in its entirety. The Promissory Note is secured by certain of the Purchaser s
and GDSI s assets. In the event of certain events of default, including failure to pay amounts due under the Promissory Note and
certain bankruptcy events, the outstanding principal amount of the Promissory Note will become immediately due. The Promissory Note will
be recognized on a straight line basis over the term of the Promissory Note as compensation expense. The Company recorded compensation
expense totaling thousand for the year ended June 30, 2023 in General and administrative expenses in the Consolidated
Statements of Operations with the associated liability included in Promissory notes payable in the Consolidated Balance
Sheets. 

F- 21 

Customer 2 

Customer 2 

Vendors 

(the 2022
Equity Offering Program ), of which million remains available to be sold. On May 25, 2022, the Company announced that it was
suspending sales under the 2022 Equity Offering Program. If, in the future, the Company determines to resume sales pursuant to the 2022
Equity Offering Program, it intends to notify investors by the filing of a Current Report on Form 8-K, other SEC filings or other public
announcement. 

No sales were made through the 2022 Equity Offering
Program during the year ended June 30, 2023. 

Underwritten Offering of Common Stock 

On January 19, 2023, the Company closed an underwritten
public offering of shares of its Common Stock at a price to the public of per share pursuant to an underwriting agreement
with B. Riley Securities, Inc., as representative of the several underwriters named therein. The shares of Common Stock issued at closing
included shares issued pursuant to the underwriters over-allotment option, which was exercised in full. Gross proceeds
totaled million before deducting the underwriting discount and offering expenses of approximately million resulting in net
proceeds from the offering of approximately million. Certain of the Company s directors and officers participated in the offering
by purchasing shares on the same terms and conditions as other investors. 

F- 22 

shares of common stock for issuance thereunder. On September 24, 2019,
the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to the 2018 Plan increasing the number of shares reserved for issuance thereunder
to . On November 10, 2022, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to the 2018 Plan increasing the number of shares
reserved for issuance thereunder to . As of June 30, 2023, , shares remained available for future grants under the
2018 Plan. The Company previously maintained the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2015 Plan and the 2016 Stock Incentive
Plan (the 2016 Plan ). No additional shares will be issued under the 2015 Plan or the 2016 Plan. The Company settles awards
issued under all plans with newly issued common shares. 

In addition, the number of shares of our common
stock subject to the 2015 Plan, 2016 Plan and 2018 Plan, any number of shares subject to any numerical limit in the Plans, and the number
of shares and terms of any incentive awards thereunder would be adjusted in the event of any change in our outstanding common stock by
reason of any stock dividend, spin-off, split-up, stock split, reverse stock split, recapitalization, reclassification, merger, consolidation,
liquidation, business combination or exchange of shares or similar transaction. 

Options granted under the 2015 Plan, 2016 Plan
and 2018 Plan vest as determined by the Company s board of directors and expire over varying terms, but not more than ten years
from the date of grant. In the case of an Incentive Stock Option that is granted to a shareholder on the date of grant, such Option
shall not be exercisable after the expiration of from the date of grant. 

- 

- 

Expected term (years) 

- 

- 

Risk-free interest rate 

- 

- 

Volatility 

- 

- 

Dividend yield 

Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value of Options granted during the period 

Expected term: The Company s expected term
is based on the period the options are expected to remain outstanding. The Company estimated this amount utilizing the Simplified
Method in that the Company does not have sufficient historical experience to provide a reasonable basis to estimate an expected
term. 

Risk-free interest rate: The Company uses the
risk-free interest rate of a U.S. Treasury Note with a similar term on the date of the grant. 

Volatility: The Company calculates the expected
volatility of the stock price using the historical volatilities of the Company s common stock traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

Dividend yield: The Company uses a expected
dividend yield as the Company has not paid dividends to date and does not anticipate declaring dividends in the near future. 

F- 23 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited/Cancelled 

Outstanding June 30, 2023 

Exercisable June 30, 2023 

The total intrinsic value of options exercised
during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 was thousand and thousand, respectively. 

Restricted stock awards/units 

million and million, respectively, in stock-based compensation which is reflected in total operating expenses
in the consolidated statements of operations as follows (in thousands): 

General and Administrative 

Total 

Restricted Stock Units and Restricted Stock
Awards 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited/Cancelled/Repurchased 

Outstanding June 30, 2023 

F- 24 

and , respectively. The total fair
value of restricted awards that vested during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 was million and million,
respectively. 

During the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022,
the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of million and million, respectively related to the RSAs and RSUs that
have been issued to date. 

As of June 30, 2023, the Company had approximately
 million in unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to the unvested shares. 

Market Value Stock Unit Awards 

During the year ended June 30, 2023 the Company awarded certain employees
grants of an aggregate of approximately million RSUs with market value appreciation conditions MVSUs with a weighted
average grant date fair value of . The MVSUs will be expensed over the requisite service period. The terms of the MVSUs include vesting
provisions based on continued service. The number of shares of the Company s common stock earned at vesting is based on the Company s
stock price performance with amounts earned subject to a vesting multiplier ranging from to . If the service criteria are satisfied,
the MVSUs will vest over years. 

Vested 

Forfeited/Cancelled/Repurchased 

Outstanding June 30, 2023 

The weighted average grant date fair value per
share for MVSU awards granted during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 was . No MVSU awards were granted during the fiscal year
ended June 30, 2022. No MVSU awards vested during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022. 

During the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022,
the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of million and million, respectively related to the MVSUs that have been
issued to date. 

As of June 30, 2023, the Company had approximately
 million in unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to the unvested MVSU shares. 

F- 25 

of the
lower of the closing price per share of the Company s common stock on the first or last day of each six-month purchase period. At
June 30, 2023, million shares were available for future issuance under this plan. The Company makes no cash contributions to the
ESPP but bears the expenses of its administration. The Company issued million, and million shares under the ESPP in fiscal years
2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company settles awards issued under the ESPP with newly issued common shares. 

For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the
Company recorded million and million, respectively, in stock-based compensation related to grants of ESPP shares. 

Liabilities 

Other current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities 

Years 

Years 

Weighted Average Discount Rate: 

Operating leases 

F- 26 

and thereafter (in thousands): 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments (Undiscounted cash flows) 

Less imputed interest 

Total 

The OCIDA will lease the Facility
back to the Company for annual rent payments specified in the Lease and Project Agreement for the Company s primary use as research
and development, manufacturing, warehouse and professional office space in its business, and to be subleased, in part, by the Company
to various existing tenants. The Company estimates substantial tax savings during the term of the Agreements, which expire on December
31, 2028. In addition, subject to the terms of the Lease and Project Agreement, certain purchases and leases of eligible items will be
exempt from the imposition of sales and use taxes. Subject to the terms of the Lease and Project Agreement, the OCIDA has also granted
to the Company an exemption from certain mortgage recording taxes for one or more mortgages securing an aggregate principal amount not
to exceed million, or such greater amount as approved by the OCIDA in its sole and absolute discretion. Benefits totaling approximately
 million provided to the Company through June 2023 pursuant to the terms of the Lease and Project Agreement are subject to claw back
over the life of the Agreements upon certain recapture events, including certain events of default. 

Litigation, Claims and Assessments 

On October 4, 2021, the Company was named as a
defendant in a complaint filed by Qorvo, Inc. Qorvo in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware alleging,
among other things, patent infringement, false advertising, false patent marking, and unfair competition. The complaint alleges that the
defendants misappropriated proprietary information, made misleading statements about the characteristics of certain of its products, and
sold products infringing on certain of the plaintiff s patents. The plaintiff seeks an injunction enjoining the Company from the
alleged infringement and damages, including punitive and statutory enhanced damages, in an unspecified amount. The Company filed a motion
to dismiss all of the claims other than the direct patent infringement claims, but the court permitted the plaintiff to file an amended
complaint which the court subsequently determined was sufficient for pleading purposes. The Court denied the Company s motion in
May 2022. The Court held a claims construction hearing in November 2022, issuing its claim construction order on March 15, 2023. On February
8, 2023, Qorvo filed a second amended complaint adding allegations of misappropriation of trade secrets, racketeering activities, and
civil conspiracy. The Company continues to develop its defenses and mitigation strategies, and intends to proceed in defending itself vigorously
against the claims asserted by Qorvo. However, the Company can provide no assurance as to the outcome of such dispute, and such action
may result in judgments against the Company for an injunction, significant damages or other relief, such as future royalty payments to
Qorvo or restrictions on certain of the Company s activities. 

On April 20, 2023, the Company filed a complaint
against Qorvo in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas alleging infringement by Qorvo of a patent licensed
exclusively to the Company by Cornell University. The complaint alleges Qorvo s willful infringement of the Cornell patent and seeks
remedies including enhanced damages and attorneys fees. On July 24, 2023, Qorvo filed a motion to dismiss the complaint. On August
11, 2023, Qorvo filed a motion to strike Akoustis infringement contentions. The Company intends to vigorously pursue its claims
against Qorvo but can provide no assurance as to the outcome of this dispute. 

Resolution of each of the matters described
above may be prolonged and costly, and the ultimate result or judgment is uncertain due to the inherent uncertainty in litigation
and other proceedings. An adverse result in the matters described above would have a material adverse effect on the Company and its
business. Even if ultimately settled or resolved in the Company s favor, the matters described above and other possible future
actions may result in significant expenses, diversion of management and technical personnel attention and disruptions and delays in
the Company s business and product development, and other collateral consequences, all of which could have a material adverse
effect on its business, financial condition, and results of operations. Any out-of-court settlement of the above matters or other
actions may also have an adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations, including,
but not limited to, substantial expenses, the payment of royalties, licensing or other fees payable to third parties, or
restrictions on its ability to develop, manufacture, and sell its products. 

From time to time, the Company may become
involved in other lawsuits, investigations, and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. The Company believes it has
meritorious defenses against such other pending claims and intends to vigorously pursue them. While it is not possible to predict or
determine the outcomes of any such other pending actions, the Company believes the amount of liability, if any, with respect to such
other pending actions, would not materially affect its financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 

F- 27 

million as of June 30, 2023 and million as of June 30, 2022 and are recorded on the Consolidated Balance
Sheet as a long-term liability. 

State and Local 

Total Current Tax Provision (Benefit) 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State and Local 

Total Deferred Tax Provision (Benefit) 

Total Tax Provision (Benefit) 

State income taxes, net of Federal income tax benefit 

Tax Credits 

Stock-based compensation 

Other 

Change in Valuation Allowance 

Effect of changes in income tax rate applied to net deferred taxes 

Income Tax Provision 

Stock-based compensation 

Credits 

Research and development expenditures 

Other 

Deferred Tax Liabilities 

Intangibles 

Accumulated depreciation/basis differences 

Valuation Allowance 

Net Deferred Tax Assets 

At June 30, 2023, the Company had federal loss
carryovers of approximately million that will expire in stages beginning in 2034 if unused and federal loss carryovers of 
million that will carry forward indefinitely. The North Carolina, New York, California, Florida, Massachusetts, and Pennsylvania state
loss carryovers of approximately million, , , , , and million, respectively, will begin to expire in 2029
if unused. Federal research credits of million will expire beginning in 2034 if not utilized. 

F- 28 

million. 

The Company s gross unrecognized tax benefits
totaled million as of June 30, 2023 and million as of June 30, 2021. Of these amounts, million and million as of June
30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively, represent the amounts of unrecognized tax benefit that, if recognized, would impact the effective
tax rate in each of the fiscal years. 

Additions based on positions related to the current year 

Additions for tax positions in prior years 

Reductions for tax positions in prior years 

Expiration of statute of limitations 

Ending Balance 

The unrecognized tax benefit of thousand
at the end of June 30, 2023 is recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as a reduction to the carrying value of the gross deferred tax
assets. 

The Company s fiscal 2018 federal and state
returns and all subsequent years remain open for examination, as well as all attributes brought forward into those years. The Company
is not currently under examination by any taxing authorities. 

Cost of revenue 

Gross margin 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Income/(Loss) from Operations 

Year ended June 30, 2022 

Revenue 

Cost of Revenue 

Gross Margin 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Loss from Operations 

As of June 30, 2023 

Accounts receivable 

Property and equipment, net 

As of June 30, 2022 

Accounts receivable 

Property and equipment, net 

F- 29 

Options 

Warrants 

Total 

Total fair value 

Derivative liabilities 

Total fair value 

There were no transfers between levels during
the year ended June 30, 2023. 

F- 30 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

Ending balance 

The fair value of contingent consideration liabilities
that was classified as Level 3 in the table above was estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation in an option pricing framework with significant
inputs that are not observable in the market and thus represents a Level 3 fair value measurement as defined in ASC 820. The significant
inputs in the Level 3 measurement not supported by market activity include the probability assessments of expected future sales revenue
of RFMi products in each of calendar year 2022 and 2023 and the volatility of those revenues, appropriately discounted considering the
uncertainties associated with the obligation, and as calculated in accordance with the terms of the acquisition agreements. The development
and determination of the unobservable inputs for Level 3 fair value measurements and the fair value calculations are the responsibility
of the Company s chief financial officer and are approved by the chief executive officer. 

During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company
reduced the contingent consideration liabilities to zero as the Company determined that the sales targets for calendar year 2022 were
not met and the related earnout payment is not owed and the Company has estimated that the sales targets for calendar year 2023 will not
be met. 

Revenue volatility Risk free interest rate Remaining term (years) 

Initial fair value of make whole provision in convertible note 

Initial fair value of change in control provision in convertible note 

Change in fair value of convertible note derivatives 

Ending balance 

The fair value of the embedded derivatives in
our convertible note that were classified as Level 3 in the table above were estimated using a with and without approach on a lattice
model framework with significant inputs that are not observable in the market and thus represent a Level 3 fair value measurement as defined
in ASC 820. The significant inputs in the Level 3 measurement not supported by market activity include the probability and timing assessments
of expected future change of control events, the volatility of our share price and the discount rate used to present value future cash
payments under the convertible debt obligation. The development and determination of the unobservable inputs for Level 3 fair value measurements
and the fair value calculations are the responsibility of the Company s chief financial officer and are approved by the chief executive
officer. 

Volatility of stock price 

Risk free interest rate 

Debt yield 

Remaining term (years) 

F- 31 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Managements Evaluation of Disclosure Controls
and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures
that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 is (1) recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms
and (2) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to
allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As of June 30, 2023, our management, with the participation of our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Our management recognizes that any controls and procedures,
no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and management necessarily
applies its judgment in evaluating the cost- benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer have concluded based upon the evaluation described above that, as of June 30, 2023, our disclosure controls and
procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Our internal
control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and board of directors regarding the preparation
and fair presentation of published financial statements. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including
our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 Framework) issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 

Based on our evaluation under the framework in
Internal Control Integrated Framework, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective
as of June 30, 2023. 

The audited financial statements of the Company included in this annual
report on Form 10-K include the results of acquisitions from their respective dates of acquisition. Management's assessment of internal
control over financial reporting for the year ended June 30, 2023 does not include an assessment of GDSI, a majority owned subsidiary
of the Company that was acquired on January 01, 2023. The financial statements of GDSI reflect total assets and net revenues constituting
14 and 14 , respectively, of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended June 30, 2023. Refer to
"Note 7 Business Acquisitions" for a description of the acquisition of GDSI. 

A control system, no matter how well designed
and operated, can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of these
inherent limitations, management does not expect that our internal controls over financial reporting can prevent all error and all fraud.
Our system contains self-monitoring mechanisms, and actions are taken to correct deficiencies as they are identified. 

As we are not an accelerated filer 
under SEC rules, we are not required to provide an auditor s attestation of management s assessment of internal control over
financial reporting as of June 30, 2023. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

During the quarter ended June 30, 2023, there
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f) promulgated
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS
THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

47 

PART III 

Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference
to our Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A relating to our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference
to our Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A relating to our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. 

Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholders Matters 

The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference
to our Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A relating to our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference
to our Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A relating to our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. 

Item 14.
Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference
to our Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A relating to our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. 

48 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT
SCHEDULES 

The following Consolidated Financial Statements
as set forth in Part II, Item 8 of this report are filed herein. 

Consolidated Financial Statements 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-7 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

Financial Statement Schedules 

All financial statement schedules are omitted
because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

49 

Exhibits 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Plan of Conversion, dated December 15, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 16, 2016) 

2.2 
 
 Definitive Asset Purchase Agreement dated March 23, 2017 by and between The Research Foundation for the State University of New York and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 24, 2017) 

2.3 
 
 Definitive Real Property Purchase Agreement dated March 23, 2017, by and between Fuller Road Management Corporation and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 24, 2017) 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Conversion of the Company, filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on December 15, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 16, 2016) 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Conversion of the Company, filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on December 15, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 16, 2016) 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation, filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on December 15, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 16, 2016) 

3.4 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 1, 2020) 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on November 4, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 6, 2019) 

3.6 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on November 10, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 14, 2022) 

50 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of Common Stock of the Registrant Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on August 21, 2020) 

4.2 
 
 Indenture, dated as of June 9, 2022 by and among the Company, Akoustis, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 10, 2022 

4.3 
 
 Form of 6.0 Convertible Senior Note due 2027 included in Exhibit 4.2 

4.4 
 
 Secured Promissory Note issued to the representative of sellers of Grinding Dicing Services, Inc. 

10.1.1 
 
 Akoustis, Inc. 2014 Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Transition Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on October 31, 2016) 

10.1.2 
 
 Declaration of Amendment to the Akoustis, Inc. 2014 Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 14, 2017) 

10.2.1 
 
 Akoustis Technologies, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 29, 2015) 

10.2.2 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement under the Akoustis Technologies, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 29, 2015) 

10.2.3 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement, under the Akoustis Technologies, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on June 29, 2016) 

10.3 
 
 Employment Agreement between the Company and Jeffrey Shealy dated as of June 15, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 19, 2015) 

10.4 
 
 Offer Letter from the Company to David M. Aichele (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 30, 2017) 

10.5.1 
 
 Akoustis Technologies, Inc. 2016 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 16, 2016) 

10.6.2 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the Akoustis Technologies, Inc. 2016 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on February 14, 2017) 

10.7.3 
 
 Revised Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the Akoustis Technologies, Inc. 2016 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 23, 2017) 

51 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 10.8.1 
 
 Akoustis Technologies, Inc. Director Compensation Program, effective September 7, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8.1 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on September 12, 2022) 

10.8.2 
 
 Akoustis Technologies Inc. Director Compensation Program, effective August 26, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8.2 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on September 12, 2022) 

10.09 
 
 Grant
 Agreement, dated as of July 24, 2018, by and among Akoustis Technologies, Inc., Akoustis, Inc. and the Town of Canandaigua (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 27, 2018) 

10.10.1 
 
 Akoustis
 Technologies, Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 of the Company s Annual Report
 on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on September 13, 2019) 

10.10.2 
 
 Amendment
 to 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix B of the Company s definitive proxy statement for its
 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, filed September 24, 2019) 

10.10.3 
 
 Amendment to 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 14, 2022) 

10.10.4 
 
 Form
 of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Akoustis Technologies, Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 4.10 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the SEC on November 16, 2018) 

10.10.5 
 
 Form
 of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Akoustis Technologies, Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 4.11 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the SEC on November 16, 2018) 

10.10.6 
 
 Form
 of Nonqualified Option Award Agreement under the Akoustis Technologies, Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 4.12 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the SEC on November 16, 2018) 

10.11 
 
 Akoustis
 Technologies, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 of the Company s Annual Report
 on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on September 13, 2019) 

10.12 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement, dated as of June 9, 2022, by and among the Company, Akoustis Inc. and the purchasers named therein incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 10, 2022 

10.13 
 
 Separation Agreement Release, dated as of July 5, 2022, by and between the Company and Rohan Houlden (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on September 12, 2022) 

10.14 
 
 Independent Contractor Agreement, dated as of July 5, 2022, by and between the Company and Rohan Houlden (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on September 12, 2022) 

10.15 
 
 Lease Agreement, dated November 2019, by and between CB Office 10, Ltd. and RFM Integrated Device Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on September 12, 2022) 

10.16 
 
 Lease Agreement, dated January 1, 2023, by and among Saira Haq, Trustee of the Haq Family Trust, and Saira Haq, Trustee of the Non-Exempt Marital Trust dated May 26, 2006, and Grinding and Dicing Services, Inc. 

10.17 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated January 1, 2023, by and among the Company, Akoustis, Inc., Grinding Dicing Services, Inc. and its stockholders 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Company 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Marcum LLP 

31.1 
 
 Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer 

31.2 
 
 Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 

32.2 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

101 
 
 Interactive Data Files
 of Financial Statements and Notes. 

52 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith 

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 

Confidential portions of this exhibit have been omitted. 

53 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

AKOUSTIS TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

Dated: September 6, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jeffrey B. Shealy 

Jeffrey B. Shealy 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

In accordance with the Exchange Act, this report
has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

SIGNATURE 
 
 TITLE 
 
 DATE 

/s/ Jeffrey B. Shealy 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 September 6, 2023 
 
 Jeffrey B. Shealy 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer), Director 

/s/ Kenneth E. Boller 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 September 6, 2023 
 
 Kenneth E. Boller 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Arthur E. Geiss 
 
 Co-Chairman of the Board 
 
 September 6, 2023 
 
 Arthur E. Geiss 

/s/ Jerry D. Neal 
 
 Co-Chairman of the Board 
 
 September 6, 2023 
 
 Jerry D. Neal 

/s/ Steven P. DenBaars 
 
 Director 
 
 September 6, 2023 
 
 Steven P. DenBaars 

/s/ Jeffrey K. McMahon 
 
 Director 
 
 September 6, 2023 
 
 Jeffrey K. McMahon 

/s/ Suzanne B. Rudy 
 
 Director 
 
 September 6, 2023 
 
 Suzanne B. Rudy 

/s/ J. Michael McGuire 
 
 Director 
 
 September 6, 2023 
 
 J. Michael McGuire 

/s/ Michelle Petock 
 
 Director 
 
 September 6, 2023 
 
 Michelle Petock 

54 

<EX-4.4>
 2
 f10k2023ex4-4_akoustistech.htm
 SECURED PROMISSORY NOTE ISSUED TO THE REPRESENTATIVE OF SELLERS OF GRINDING & DICING SERVICES, INC

Exhibit 4.4 

THIS SECURED PROMISSORY NOTE
(THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED OR QUALIFIED FOR SALE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR ANY STATE
SECURITIES LAW AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, OFFERED FOR SALE, PLEDGED, HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED ABSENT SUCH REGISTRATION OR QUALIFICATION
OR AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 

AKOUSTIS, INC. 

Secured Promissory Note 

4,000,000 January 1, 2023 

Section
1. General . 

AKOUSTIS,
Inc. , a Delaware corporation (the Obligor ), for value received, hereby promises to pay, subject to the further
provisions hereof, to JOSEPH collins (together with its successors and permitted assigns,
the Holder ), in its capacity as Sellers Representative (as defined in that certain Stock Purchase Agreement,
dated as January 1, 2023, by and among the Obligor, Akoustis Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation Parent ),
the Holder and the other sellers named therein, and Grinding and Dicing Services, Inc., a California corporation GDSI (as the same may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, the Purchase Agreement )), the aggregate
principal amount of FOUR MILLION DOLLARS 4,000,000) (as reduced by payments made thereon and the exercise of rights of set-off with
respect thereto, the Principal ), in such coin or currency of the United States of America. This Note is issued in
connection with, and pursuant to, the Purchase Agreement. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings
assigned to them in the Purchase Agreement. 

Section
2. The Note; Interest-Free Instrument . 

This Note is delivered pursuant
to Section 1.2(b) of the Purchase Agreement, and the term Note as used herein also refers to any Note or Notes
executed and delivered by the Obligor in replacement hereof pursuant to Section 11 hereof. This Note is an interest-free instrument
and the Obligor shall at no time be obligated to pay in excess of the stated Principal amount hereof on this Note. 

Section
3. Scheduled Payments; Maturity Date; Mandatory Prepayments . 

(a) 
 Principal Payment; Maturity Date . Subject to Sections 3(b) , 3(c) , 3(d) , 5 and Section 7(b) ,
payment of the full amount of the unpaid Principal shall be due and payable in full on January 1, 2026 (the Maturity Date ). 

(b) 
 Mandatory Prepayment . On the First Payment Date, subject to the terms and conditions of the Purchase Agreement, the Obligor
shall pay to the Holder the First Note Payment. 

(c) 
 Optional Prepayments . The Obligor may, at its sole option at any time, prepay this Note, without penalty or premium, in
whole or in part. 

(d) 
 Payments Generally . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, whenever any payment or other obligation
hereunder shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day except that
in the event the Maturity Date is a day other than a Business Day, the Maturity Date shall be deemed the immediately preceding Business
Day. 

(e) 
 Acceleration . The entire unpaid Principal balance due under this Note shall become immediately due and payable to Holder
upon a Change in Control. For purposes of this Note, a Change in Control means the occurrence after the date hereof
of any of (a) an acquisition by an individual or legal entity or group (as described in Rule 13d-5(b)(1) promulgated under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) of effective control (whether through legal or beneficial ownership of capital stock
of Parent, by contract or otherwise) of in excess of 50 of the voting securities of Parent, (b) Parent merges into or consolidates with
any other Person, or any Person merges into or consolidates with Parent and, after giving effect to such transaction, the stockholders
of Parent immediately prior to such transaction own, directly or indirectly, less than 50 of the aggregate voting power of Parent or
the successor entity of such transaction, (c) Parent sells or transfers all or substantially all of its assets to another Person and the
stockholders of Parent immediately prior to such transaction own, directly or indirectly, less than 50 of the aggregate voting power
of the acquiring entity immediately after the transaction, (d) a replacement at one time or within a three year period of more than one-half
of the members of Parent s Board of Directors which is not approved by a majority of those individuals who are members of such Board
of Directors on January 1, 2023 (or by those individuals who are serving as members of the Board of Directors on any date whose nomination
to the Board of Directors was approved by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors who are members on the date hereof), (e)
Parent ceases to own, directly or indirectly, 100 of the capital stock of the Obligor, or (f) the execution by Parent or the Obligor
of an agreement to which Parent or the Obligor is a party or by which it is bound, providing for any of the events set forth in clauses
(a) through (e) above. 

Section
4. Non-Negotiability; Non-Transferability . 

This Note shall not be negotiable,
assignable or transferrable by the Holder, and no such negotiation, assignment or transfer shall be effective, except with the prior written
consent of the Obligor. 

Section
5. Right of Set-Off . 

This Note is subject to the
rights of set-off to the full extent provided in Section 1.4(c) of the Purchase Agreement. Any valid exercise of the right of set-off
as provided in Section 1.4(c) of the Purchase Agreement shall be deemed a prepayment of the Obligations hereunder in the amount so
set-off and such amount shall be immediately applied to the outstanding Principal balance. 

2 

Section
6. Security Interest . 

(a) 
 Grant of Security Interest to the Holder . As collateral security for the due and punctual Payment in Full (as hereafter
defined) when due (whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) of the Principal, and all other obligations of the Obligor
arising under this Note (collectively, the Obligations ), the Obligor hereby pledges and assigns to the Holder, and
grants to the Holder for its benefit, a lien on and continuing first priority security interest in all of the Obligor s right, title
and interest in and to Obligor s personal property specified on Schedule I hereto, whether now owned or existing or hereafter
acquired or arising (collectively, the Collateral ). Obligor represents and warrants to Holder that it has not granted
a security interest in any of the Collateral to any other Person, except for (i) any security interests on property, plant or equipment
securing indebtedness represented by capital lease obligations or purchase money obligations incurred for the purpose of financing the
purchase price or cost of equipment used in the production lines of Obligor or for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase
price or cost of design, construction, installation or improvement of property, plant or equipment used in the Obligor s business,
or (ii) security interests securing the performance of statutory obligations, performance bonds or other obligations of a like nature
incurred in the ordinary course of business. 

(b) 
 Description of Collateral as All Assets . The Obligor hereby irrevocably authorizes the Holder at any time and from time
to time in Holder s reasonable discretion to file in any applicable filing office prescribed under the applicable Uniform Commercial Code UCC ), any financing statement (i) describing the Collateral and (ii) that contains any information required by part
5 of Article 9 of the UCC as adopted by any relevant jurisdiction for the sufficiency or filing office acceptance. 

(c) 
 Further Assurances . The Obligor further agrees, upon the request of the Holder, to take any and all other actions as the
Holder may determine to be reasonably necessary for the attachment, perfection and first priority of the Holder s security interest
in any and all of the Collateral, including without limitation, (i) executing and delivering and where appropriate filing financing statements
and amendments relating thereto under the UCC to the extent, if any, that the Obligor s signature thereon is required therefor and
(ii) complying with any provision of any statute, regulation or treaty as to any Collateral if compliance with such provision is a condition
to attachment, perfection or priority of, or ability of the Holder to enforce, its security interest in such Collateral. 

(d) 
 Attorney in Fact . Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Obligor hereby irrevocably
constitutes and appoints the Holder and any officer or agent thereof, with full power of substitution, as its true and lawful attorney-in-fact
with full irrevocable power and authority in the place and stead of the Obligor or in the Obligor s own name, for the purpose of
carrying out the terms of this Note, to take any and all appropriate action and to execute any and all documents and instruments that
may be necessary to accomplish the purposes of this Note and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, hereby gives said attorney
the power and right, on behalf of the Obligor with notice to but without assent by the Obligor, to, upon the occurrence and during the
continuance of an Event of Default, (i) sell, transfer, pledge, make any arrangement with respect to or otherwise dispose of or deal with
any of the Collateral in accordance with applicable law and (ii) do acts and things which the Holder reasonably deems necessary to protect,
preserve or realize upon the Collateral and the Holder s security interest therein. The powers granted herein, being coupled with
an interest, are irrevocable until termination of this Note in accordance with Section 6(e) . The powers conferred on the Holder
hereunder are solely to protect its interests in the Collateral and shall not impose any duty upon him to exercise any such powers. Neither
Holder nor any other attorney-in-fact shall be liable for any act or omission, error in judgment or mistake of law. 

3 

(e) 
 Termination; Release. 

(i) This Note and
that certain Guaranty and Security Agreement, dated as of the date hereof by GDSI in favor of the Holder, as amended, restated, supplemented
or otherwise modified from time to time (the Guaranty Agreement and the security interest in the Collateral created
hereby and any security interest created by the Guaranty Agreement shall terminate automatically (x) when all of the outstanding Obligations
have been paid in full in cash and/or satisfied by set-off pursuant to Section 5 (the Payment in Full or,
(y) if earlier, in accordance with Section 1.4(d) of the Purchase Agreement. Upon termination as aforesaid, the Holder shall promptly
return to the Obligor the original of this Note marked cancelled and deliver any possessory collateral in its possession to the Obligor,
and execute and deliver such releases and discharges as the Obligor may reasonably request to evidence the foregoing. To the extent that
applicable law requires Holder s affirmative consent, should the Holder fail to deliver any UCC-3 termination statements within 3 Business
Days of termination of this Note under this Section 6(e) , the Obligor shall hereby be authorized to file such financing statements
on behalf of the Holder. 

(ii) 
 Except for a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Obligor prior to the Maturity Date, or the sale of a material
asset of Obligor, in the event that any part of the Collateral is disposed of or assets included in the Collateral are the subject of
a capital lease or other purchase money financing entered into by the Obligor in the normal and ordinary course of Obligor s business,
the lien and security interest created by this Note on such Collateral shall be automatically released effective simultaneously with the
occurrence of such event, and the Holder, at the request of the Obligor, will promptly execute and deliver to the Obligor a proper instrument
of release (including UCC termination statement or amendment). 

Section
7. Event of Default . 

(a) 
 The occurrence of any one or more of the following conditions or events shall constitute an Event of Default .
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, the entire unpaid Principal balance due under this Note shall become immediately due and payable
to Holder: 

(i) failure by the
Obligor, within five (5) days after the date when due, to pay any Principal; 

(ii) the Obligor
(A) applies for or consents to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, intervenor or liquidator or other similar official
for itself or all or substantially all of its assets, (B) files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, admits in writing that it is
unable to pay its debts as they become due, (C) makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, (D) files a petition or
answer seeking reorganization or an arrangement with creditors or to take advantage of any bankruptcy or insolvency laws, (E) files
an answer admitting the material allegations of, or consent to, or default in answering, a petition filed against it in any
bankruptcy, reorganization, or insolvency proceeding, or (F) takes any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing; 

4 

(iii) (A) an involuntary
proceeding is commenced against the Obligor seeking bankruptcy or reorganization of the Obligor or the appointment of a receiver, trustee,
custodian, intervenor, liquidator or other similar official for the Obligor or all or substantially all of the Obligor s assets
or (B) an order, order for relief, judgment or decree is entered by any court of competent jurisdiction approving a petition or complaint
seeking reorganization of the Obligor or appointing a receiver, trustee, custodian, intervenor, liquidator or other similar official
for the Obligor or all or substantially all of the Obligor s assets, and, in the case of clauses (A) or (B), such proceeding or
order is not dismissed within sixty (60) days after the commencement or entry thereof (as applicable); or 

(iv) if
at any time after the execution and delivery of this Note, (A) this Note ceases to be in full force and effect, or shall be declared
null and void, or (B) the Obligor or any other Person shall contest in writing the validity or enforceability of this Note, or deny in
writing that it has any further liability. 

(v) 
 Obligor fails to cure a material breach of any other provision of this Note or the Security Agreement within five (5) days of written
notice from Holder asserting a material breach of this Note or the Security Agreement. 

(b) 
 Remedies. 

(i) Upon the occurrence and during the
continuance of any Event of Default, the Holder may, subject to Section 7(b)(iv) : 

(A) exercise all
rights and remedies available to it under the Note or applicable law; 

(B) 
 exercise in respect to the Collateral, any one or more of the rights and remedies available under the UCC and other applicable
law; and 

(C) sell
or otherwise assign, give an option or options to purchase or dispose of and deliver the Collateral (or contract to do so), or any
part thereof, in one or more parcels at public or private sale or sales, at any exchange, broker s board or at any of the
Obligor s offices or elsewhere upon such terms and conditions as it may deem advisable and at such prices as it may deem best,
for cash, on credit or for future delivery without assumption of any credit risk, free of any claim or right of whatsoever kind
(including any right or equity of redemption) of the Obligor, which claim, right and equity are hereby expressly waived and
released. The Holder shall have the right to the extent permitted by applicable law, upon any such sale or sales, public or private,
to purchase the whole or any part of the Collateral so sold. In case of any sale of all or any part of the Collateral on credit or
for future delivery, the Collateral so sold may be retained by the Obligor until the selling price is paid by the purchaser thereof,
but the Obligor shall incur no liability in case of the failure of such purchaser to pay for the Collateral so sold and, in case of
such failure, the Collateral may again be sold as herein provided. 

5 

(ii) 
 The Obligor hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, diligence, presentment, protest and demand and notice
of protest and demand, dishonor and nonpayment of this Note, and expressly agrees that this Note, or the payment of any portion of the
Principal or other obligations hereunder, may be extended from time to time, without in any way affecting the liability of the Holder
hereunder. 

(iii) 
 The Obligor shall not be obligated to make any sale or other disposition of the Collateral, or any part thereof unless the terms
thereof shall, in its sole discretion, be satisfactory to it. The Obligor may, if it deems it reasonable, postpone or adjourn the sale
of any of the Collateral, or any part thereof, from time to time by an announcement at the time and place of such sale or by announcement
at the time and place of such postponed or adjourned sale, without being required to give a new notice of sale. 

(iv) Prior to exercising any right or remedy under Section 7(b)(i)(A) , (B) or (C) with respect to the Collateral,
the Holder must first look to enforce, exhaust or execute against the assets GDSI under the Guaranty Agreement. If, after the expiration
of not less than fifteen (15) days, Obligations are still outstanding following the exercise of the Holder s rights against such
assets of GDSI, the Holder may foreclose on or execute against the items of Collateral and assets of Obligor. GDSI shall be a third-party
beneficiary under this Section 7(b)(iv) . 

Section
8. Amendments and Waivers . 

(a) 
 With the written consent of the Holder, any covenant, agreement or condition contained in this Note may be waived (either generally
or in a particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively), and the Holder and the Obligor may from time to time enter into
written agreements for the purpose of amending any covenant, agreement or condition of this Note or changing in any manner the rights
of the Holder of this Note. Any such amendment or waiver shall be binding upon each future payee of this Note and upon the Obligor. Upon
the request of the Obligor, the Holder hereof shall submit this Note to the Obligor so that this Note may be marked to indicate such amendment
or waiver, and any Note issued thereafter shall bear a similar notation referring to any such amendment or continuing waiver. 

(b) 
 Unless otherwise expressly provided hereunder, (i) no amendment, modification, termination or waiver of any term or condition of
this Note, (ii) no consent to any departure by the Obligor from the terms hereof or thereof, and (iii) no discretionary action or exercise
any discretionary powers or exercise of remedies shall be exercised, in each case, without the consent of the Holder. 

Section
9. Third Party Beneficiaries . 

Except as expressly set forth
herein or in the Purchase Agreement, this Note shall not confer any rights or remedies upon any Person. 

6 

Section
10. Successors and Assigns . 

No party hereto may assign its
rights or delegate its duties under this Note without the prior written consent of the other party. This Note will be binding upon and
will inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns, and any reference to a party will also
be a reference to the successors and permitted assigns thereof. 

Section
11. Replacement of Note . 

Upon surrender and cancellation
of this Note, and in all cases (other than pursuant to clauses (i) or (ii) of this Section 11 upon reimbursement by the Holder
to the Obligor of all reasonable expenses incidental thereto, the Obligor will make and deliver a new Note or Notes of like tenor and
in the applicable Principal amount in lieu of this Note in the following circumstances (i) in the event the right of set-off contemplated
by Section 5 hereof shall have been exercised, (ii) in the event of a prepayment or partial prepayment of the Principal in accordance
with Section 3 hereof, (iii) upon receipt by the Obligor of evidence satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation
of this Note and, in case of loss, theft, destruction or mutilation, of indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it, or (iv) the assignment
by the Obligor or the Holder of its rights hereunder to the extent permitted hereby. 

Section
12. Notices . 

All notices and other communications
required or permitted hereunder shall be deemed to have been properly given and delivered if in writing by such Party and delivered personally
or sent by email transmission or nationally recognized overnight courier service guaranteeing overnight delivery, to address of the Holder
or the Obligor, as applicable, as set forth in the Purchase Agreement, or to such other representative or at such other address of a Party
as such Party may furnish to the other Parties in writing. Any such notice, communication or delivery shall be deemed given or made (a)
on the date of delivery, if delivered in person or by email transmission, or (b) on the first Business Day following timely delivery to
a national overnight courier service or (c) on the fifth Business Day following it being mailed by registered or certified mail. 

Section
13. Governing Law; Incorporation by Reference . 

(a) 
 This Note shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, excluding choice of law principles that would require the application
of the Laws of a jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware. Holder and Obligor expressly submit to the state and federal courts in
and for Contra Costa County, CA, as the sole and exclusive jurisdiction for the resolution of any dispute arising pursuant to this Note.
In the event that any action or proceeding is commenced to enforce or interpret this Agreement, then, in addition to all other remedies
to which it is entitled, but without duplication, the prevailing party shall be awarded its reasonable attorneys fees and costs. 

(b) 
 The terms and provisions of Sections 7.6 Waiver of Jury Trial of the Purchase Agreement are hereby incorporated herein
by reference, and shall apply to this Note and the parties hereto mutatis mutandis as if fully set forth herein. 

7 

Section
14. Tax Treatment . 

All payments under this Note
shall be treated for income tax purposes as payments of additional Purchase Price under the Purchase Agreement, except to the extent such
amounts are required to be treated as interest under Section 483 of the Code or any analogous provision of the Code or state, local or
other tax laws. 

Section
15. Withholding . 

All payments hereunder and under
this Note must, except as required by applicable law, be made without setoff, offset, deduction or counterclaim, free and clear of all
taxes (other than those based on the income of the Holder), levies, imports, duties, fees and charges, and without any withholding, restriction
or conditions imposed by any governmental authority. 

Section
16. Severability . 

Any provision of this Note which
is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction will, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or
unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions of this Note, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction
will not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. To the extent permitted by law, the Obligor waives
any provision of law which renders any such provision prohibited or unenforceable in any respect. 

Section
17. Revival and Restatement . 

If the incurrence or payment
of the Obligations by the Obligor or the transfer by the Obligor to the Holder of any property of the Obligor should for any reason subsequently
be declared to be void or voidable under any state or federal law relating to creditors rights, including provisions of the Debtor
Relief Laws relating to fraudulent conveyances, preferences, or other voidable or recoverable payments of money or transfers of property
(collectively, a Voidable Transfer ), and if the Holder is required to repay or restore, in whole or in part, any
such Voidable Transfer, or elects to do so upon the reasonable advice of its counsel, then, as to any such Voidable Transfer, or the amount
thereof that the Holder is required or elects to repay or restore, the liability of the Obligor automatically shall be revived, reinstated,
and restored and shall exist as though such Voidable Transfer had never been made. For purposes of this paragraph, Debtor Relief
Laws means Title 11 of the United States Code entitled Bankruptcy, as now and hereafter in effect, or any successor
statute, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership,
insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in
effect. 

-Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank- 

8 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Obligor has duly executed
and delivered this Note as of the date first written above. 

AKOUSTIS, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Jeffrey B. Shealy 

Name: 
 Jeffrey B. Shealy 

Title: 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

9 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED 

This 1st day of January 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Joseph Collins 

Name: 
 Joseph Collins 

10 

Schedule I 

The Collateral consists of
the following personal property of the Obligor, whether now owned or existing or hereafter acquired or arising (as each of the following
terms are used in the UCC): 

(i) investment property; 

(ii) goods; 

(iii) equipment; 

(iv) inventory; 

(v) instruments; 

(vi) accounts; 

(vii) documents; 

(viii) chattel
paper; 

(ix) general intangibles; 

(x) all proceeds 
(as defined in the UCC) of any of the items listed in subsections (i) through (ix), above; and 

(xi) any and all additions,
accessions and attachments to any of the foregoing and any substitutions, replacements, products and supporting obligations of the foregoing. 

10 

</EX-4.4>

<EX-10.16>
 3
 f10k2023ex10-16_akoustistech.htm
 LEASE AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 1, 2023, BY AND AMONG SAIRA HAQ, TRUSTEE OF THE HAQ FAMILY TRUST, AND SAIRA HAQ, TRUSTEE OF THE NON-EXEMPT MARITAL TRUST DATED MAY 26, 2006, AND GRINDING AND DICING SERVICES, INC

Exhibit 10.16 

LEASE 

THIS LEASE Lease is made as of January 1, 2023 (the Effective Date by and between Saira Haq, Trustee of the Haq Family Trust, and
Saira Haq, Trustee of the Non-Exempt Marital Trust dated May 26, 2006 (collectively Landlord ), and Grinding and Dicing
Services, Inc., a California corporation Tenant ). 

Simultaneous with the execution
of this Lease, Akoustis Technologies, Inc. Buyer purchased all of the outstanding stock of Tenant, pursuant to
that certain Stock Purchase Agreement of even date herewith (the Purchase Agreement which Purchase Agreement is
conditioned upon, among other things, the execution of this Lease by Landlord and Tenant, and Landlord acknowledging and confirming the
termination of any and all prior leasehold interest granted in the Leased Premises (defined below) pursuant to any previously existing
lease (whether written or oral) at the Leased Premises (the Original Lease and releasing Tenant from any prior liabilities
of its predecessor in interests to the Original Lease and the associated obligations under the Original Lease. 

Accordingly, Landlord and
Tenant hereby agree as follows: 

ARTICLE
I 

DEMISE 

Section 1.1 Leased
Premises . In consideration of the rents and covenants to be paid and performed by Tenant, Landlord does hereby lease to Tenant,
and Tenant does hereby accept and lease from Landlord, for the term, at the rent and upon the covenants, provisions and conditions hereinafter
set forth, all that certain real property, buildings and improvements located at 925 Berryessa Road, San Jose, CA 95133 which real property
is more particularly described on Exhibit A , attached hereto and incorporated herein Leased Premises ).
The approximately 10,043 square foot building that is part of the Leased Premises is hereinafter sometimes referred to as the Building . 
The land that is part of the Leased Premises is hereinafter sometimes referred to as the Land . 

Section 1.2 Reservation
of Landlord . Landlord hereby reserves the right (at Landlord s sole cost and not subject to reimbursement by Tenant)
to place, maintain, repair and replace such utility lines, pipes, tunneling, and the like, in, under, over and upon the Leased Premises
as may be reasonably necessary or advisable for the servicing of the Leased Premises and for the purposes of complying with certain obligations
set forth in this Lease, if any; provided, however, in the exercise of any such rights, Landlord shall not unreasonably interfere with
the operations of Tenant at the Leased Premises and shall promptly repair (at Landlord s sole cost and not subject to reimbursement
by Tenant) any damage caused by the exercise of any such rights. 

Section 1.3 Possession .
Landlord shall deliver exclusive possession of the Leased Premises to Tenant on the Commencement Date (hereinafter defined). 

Section 1.4 Condition
of Leased Premises . As of the Commencement Date, Landlord represents and warrants and covenants to Tenant that: (a) Landlord
owns good and marketable title to the Leased Premises free and clear of any and all liens and encumbrances which would prohibit Tenant s
use, occupancy and enjoyment of the Leased Premises for the Permitted Use; (b) the execution, delivery and performance of this Lease by
Landlord does not conflict with or cause a breach or default under any agreement to which Landlord is a party; (c) there are no real estate
taxes and assessments and/or impositions assessed against the Leased Premises which are due and unpaid; (d) Landlord is not in default
under the terms and conditions of any agreements, loans, mortgages, deeds of trust, or any other loan documents in favor of any mortgagee
with a security interest in the Leased Premises, nor is Landlord aware of any matter which with the passage of time or the giving of notice
would constitute a default; (e) the Original Lease, if any, has been terminated, is void ab initio and Tenant or its predecessor in interest,
as applicable, has satisfied all of their obligations under the Original Lease and has no liability thereunder as of the date hereof;
(f) the CC Rs (as hereinafter defined) do not prohibit the Permitted Use and the Leased Premises are in compliance with the CC 
(g) to Landlord s knowledge, the Leased Premises are in good condition, do not presently require any material repairs and are sufficient
for the uses to which they have been put prior to the Effective Date; and (h) to Landlord s knowledge, the Leased Premises are in compliance
with Laws and Requirements (as hereinafter defined). Except as otherwise set forth in this Lease, the Leased Premises is leased as
is and where is without warranty or representation as to title, condition or suitability for any purpose. 

Section 1.5 Covenants,
Conditions and Restrictions . Tenant agrees that as to its leasehold estate, Tenant and all persons in possession or holding under
Tenant will conform to and will not violate the terms of any covenants, conditions or restrictions of record which may now or hereafter
encumber the Building or the project in which the Building is located (collectively, the CC Rs ). This Lease is
subordinate to such restrictions and any amendments or modifications thereto. 

ARTICLE
II 

TERM. 

Section 2.1 Term .
The initial term of this Lease Initial Term shall commence on the Effective Date (the Commencement Date and shall expire on the last day of the thirty-sixth (36th) full calendar month following the Commencement Date. 

Section 2.2 Extension
Term . Provided that Tenant is not in material default beyond any applicable notice and cure period of this Lease at the time of exercise
or as of the date immediately preceding the scheduled commencement date of the Extension Term (hereinafter defined), Tenant shall have
the right to extend the term of this Lease for two (2) additional periods of three (3) years each (each, an Extension Term by giving Landlord notice of such extension not less than 120 days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or then expiring Extension
Term, as applicable. Each Extension Term shall be upon the same terms, provisions, covenants and conditions as are in effect under this
Lease at the time of such extension. As used in this Lease, the term Term or term shall
mean the Initial Term and an Extension Term as the context so requires. 

Section 2.3 Lease
Year . As used in this Lease, the term Lease Year shall mean a period of twelve (12) consecutive calendar
months, commencing on Commencement Date and each successive anniversary of the Commencement Date during the Term; provided, however, that
if the Commencement Date is not the first day of a calendar month, then such twelve (12) month period shall be deemed to commence
on the first day of the first full calendar month following the Commencement Date and each successive anniversary thereof during the Term.
In such event, the first Lease Year shall be deemed to also include the partial month that commences on the Commencement Date and ends
on the last day of that calendar month Stub Period ). 

2 

ARTICLE
III 

RENT 

Section 3.1 Base
Rent . 

(a) Tenant
hereby covenants and agrees to pay to Landlord, at its office or at such other place as Landlord may from time to time designate, as Base
Rent for the Leased Premises during the Initial Term of this Lease, without deduction, set off or demand, except as otherwise
set forth in this Lease: 

(i) For Lease Year
1 of the Initial Term, the annual amount of Two Hundred Thirty-Five Thousand Six and 20/100 Dollars 235,006.20) payable in equal monthly
installments of Nineteen Thousand Five Hundred Eighty-Three and 85/100 Dollars 19,583.85) (based on 10,043 square feet of space in the
Building (the Initial Building Square Footage and 1.95 per rentable square foot per month (the Initial
Rate )), which shall be due and payable in advance on the first day of each and every calendar month during the first Lease
Year of the Initial Term (subject to Section 3.1(b) and Section 3.1(d)); 

(ii) For Lease Year
2 of the Initial Term, the sum of the annual Base Rent for Lease Year 1 (as it may have been adjusted pursuant to Section 3.1(d)) plus
an increase equal to three percent (3 of the annual Base Rent for Lease Year 1 (as it may have been adjusted pursuant to Section 3.1(d)),
payable in equal monthly installments, which shall be due and payable in advance on the first day of each and every calendar month during
the second Lease Year of the Initial Term; and 

(iii) For Lease Year
3 of the Initial Term, Base Rent shall increase (the Annual CPI Increase on the first day of the third Lease Year
of the Initial Term (the Adjustment Date to equal an annual amount equal to (a) the annual Base Rent for Lease Year
2 multiplied by (b) the number one (1) plus a fraction, the numerator of which is equal to the positive difference, if any, between (A)
the Index (defined below) for the calendar month two (2) months prior to the calendar month in which the Adjustment Date occurs (the Comparison
Index ), and (B) the Index for the calendar month two (2) months prior to month 12 of the Term (the Reference Index ),
and the denominator of which shall be the Reference Index. The Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers, All Items (1982-84=100) for
San Francisco-Oakland-San Jose, as published by the United States Department of Labor, Bureau of Labor Statistics (the Index ),
shall be used in computing the increase in Base Rent on the Adjustment Date. 

(b) If
the Commencement Date does not occur on the first day of a calendar month, then Tenant shall pay on the Commencement Date a prorated amount
of the monthly installment of Base Rent for the Stub Period calculated on a per diem basis. Thereafter, Base Rent shall be paid in equal
monthly installments on the first day of each and every month during the Term in advance, as herein provided. 

(c) Commencing
on the first (1st) day of an Extension Term, if applicable, and on each anniversary thereafter during the Extension Term, the Base Rent
shall be increased by 3 from the Base Rent for the prior Lease Year. 

3 

(d) Promptly
following the Effective Date, Landlord and Tenant shall cooperate in good faith to select a mutually acceptable third party appraiser
(the Appraiser to determine the market base rental rate (per rentable square foot per month) (the Determined
Rate for the Building. 

(i) Landlord
and Tenant each shall be responsible for fifty percent (50 of the cost the Appraiser. 

(ii) The
Appraiser shall undertake to deliver its written determination of the Determined Rate within sixty (60) days following the selection of
the Appraiser (or within such extended time as reasonably required by the Appraiser). The Determined Rate shall be final and binding upon
Landlord and Tenant but shall be subject to a floor of 1.25 per rentable square foot per month (the Floor Rate and a ceiling of 2.40 per rentable square foot per month (the Ceiling Rate ). In the event that the Determined Rate
exceeds the Ceiling Rate, the Determined Rate shall be adjusted to equal the Ceiling Rate. In the event that the Determined Rate is less
than the Floor Rate, the Determined Rate shall be adjusted to equal the Floor Rate. 

(iii) The
Base Rent for the first Lease Year of the Initial Term shall be adjusted based on the Determined Rate and the square footage of the Building
(taking into account any revisions by the Appraiser to the Initial Building Square Footage). Such adjustment to Base Rent shall be retroactive
to the Commencement Date and shall be memorialized in a writing (materially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B signed by Landlord and Tenant promptly following the determination of the Determined Rate. The Base Rent for the first Lease Year of the
Initial Term (as so adjusted) is referred to herein as the Adjusted Lease Year 1 Base Rent . 

(iv) In
the event that the Adjusted Lease Year 1 Base Rent is less than the initial Base Rent for the first Lease Year of the Initial Term (the
 Initial Lease Year 1 Base Rent ), Landlord promptly shall reimburse Tenant for the resulting prior overpayment of
monthly installments of Base Rent. In the event that the Adjusted Lease Year 1 Base Rent exceeds the Initial Lease Year 1 Base Rent, Tenant
promptly shall pay to Landlord the amount of the resulting prior underpayment of monthly installments of Base Rent. 

Section 3.2 Real
Estate Taxes . Tenant shall pay prior to delinquency all real estate taxes and assessments that are levied or assessed on the
Land and Building during the Term (hereinafter referred to as Real Estate Taxes ); provided, however, that Real Estate
Taxes levied against the Land and Building shall be prorated between Landlord and Tenant as of the Commencement Date for the first year
of the Term and as of the expiration date of the Term for the last year of the Term (on the basis of Landlord s reasonable estimate thereof).
Upon request Tenant shall provide Landlord with evidence of payment of such Real Estate Taxes. If Landlord pays such Real Estate Taxes
(due to Tenant s failure to pay same), Landlord shall notify Tenant of such payment, and Tenant shall promptly reimburse Landlord
for such amounts upon demand. Tenant may take the benefit of the provisions of any statute or ordinance permitting any assessment to be
paid over a period of years, and Tenant shall be obligated to pay only those installments falling due during the Term. Tenant shall not
be required to pay any Real Estate Taxes so long as Tenant shall, in good faith and with due diligence, contest the same or the validity
thereof by appropriate legal proceeding which shall have the effect of preventing the collection of the Real Estate Taxes so contested;
provided that, pending any such legal proceedings, Tenant shall give Landlord such security as may be deemed reasonably satisfactory to
Landlord to insure payment of the amount of the Real Estate Taxes and all interest and penalties thereon. If, at any time during the continuance
of such contest, the Leased Premises or any part thereof is, in the judgment of Landlord, in imminent danger of being forfeited or lost,
Landlord may use such security for the payment of such Real Estate Taxes. Any proceeding referred to in this Section may be brought by
Tenant in the name of Tenant or Landlord, but Landlord shall not be subjected to any liability for the payment of any costs or expenses
in connection with any proceeding brought by Tenant, and Tenant covenants to indemnify and save harmless Landlord from any such costs
or expenses. At Tenant s request, Landlord agrees to sign any petition or protest and reasonably to cooperate in such other acts as may
be required to enable Tenant to engage in any proceedings referred to in this Section, provided Landlord does not thereby incur any material
expense or obligation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Lease, there shall be excluded from Real Estate Taxes
and Tenant shall have no obligation to pay (or to reimburse Landlord for the payment of) any of the following, all of which shall be Landlord s
sole obligation hereunder: (a) income (as opposed to rental taxes described in Section 3.3), business, profit, inheritance, estate, succession,
gift, franchise or documentary transfer tax which are or may be imposed on Landlord, its successors or assigns, by whatever authority
imposed or however designated; (b) any tax, assessment, charge or levy imposed or levied upon or assessed against any premises of Landlord
other than the Leased Premises; and (c) any interest or penalties payable as a result of Landlord s failure to pay any taxes or
assessments prior to delinquency, except real estate taxes and assessments for which Tenant may be responsible if they are separately
billed to Tenant. 

4 

Section 3.3 Rental
Taxes . If any governmental taxing authority levies, assesses, or imposes any tax, excise or assessment (other than income or
franchise taxes) upon or against the rentals payable by Tenant to Landlord, then Tenant shall be responsible for and shall pay such tax,
excise or assessment, or, if Landlord pays same, Tenant shall reimburse Landlord for the amount thereof within thirty (30) days after
demand by Landlord which demand shall be accompanied by reasonable supporting documentation. 

Section 3.4 Late
Charge . Notwithstanding anything in this Lease to the contrary, if Tenant fails to pay any Base Rent, additional rent or any
other charges within ten (10) days after the due date thereof, then in addition to and not in lieu of any other right or remedy available
to Landlord, Tenant shall pay an additional sum of five percent (5 of such rent or other charge as a late charge. The parties agree
that this late charge represents a fair and reasonable estimate of the cost that Landlord will incur by reason of late payment by Tenant.
Acceptance of any late charge shall not constitute a waiver of Tenant default with respect to the overdue amount, or prevent Landlord
from exercising any other rights or remedies available to Landlord. 

Section 3.5 Interest .
Any amount owed by Tenant to Landlord which is not paid when due shall bear interest at the lesser of ten percent (10 per annum or the
maximum rate of interest permitted to be contracted for by law. However, interest shall not be payable on late charges to be paid by Tenant
under this Lease, and any late charge paid by Tenant pursuant to Section 3.4 shall be an offset against interest due under this Section.
The payment of interest on such amounts shall not excuse or cure any default by Tenant under this Lease. 

ARTICLE
IV 

USE OF LEASED PREMISES BY TENANT 

Section 4.1 Permitted
Use of Leased Premises . Tenant shall use the Leased Premises for wafer grinding and polishing, automated inspection, dicing,
pick and place, general back-end wafer processing and packaging, and quality assurance services and ancillary and related services and
uses (the Permitted Use ). 

Section 4.2 Nature
of Use . 

(a) Tenant
shall use and occupy the Leased Premises in a commercially reasonable manner in accordance with all applicable laws, statutes, ordinances,
codes, rules, regulations, requirements, orders and approvals of all federal, state, county and municipal governmental agencies or public
authorities having jurisdiction over the Leased Premises and relating to Tenant s use (collectively, Laws and Requirements ).
Tenant, at Tenant s expense, shall obtain, and shall keep in force during the term hereof, and during any holding over by Tenant,
all approvals, certificates, consents, licenses and permits required under any Laws and Requirements for any of Tenant s business
activities being carried on in the Leased Premises. 

(b) Tenant
shall, at its sole cost and expense, comply with all Laws and Requirements, now in force or which may hereafter be in force, pertaining
to Tenant s use and occupancy of the Leased Premises. 

Section 4.3 Signs .
Tenant may, without the prior written consent of Landlord, attach to the Leased Premises or the Building, signs of reasonable size displaying
Tenant s name and business. Tenant agrees to have said signs comply with all applicable requirements of appropriate governmental
authorities and to obtain all necessary permits or licenses with respect to said signs. At the termination of this Lease, Tenant agrees
to remove, at Tenant s sole expense, all signs erected by Tenant and to repair any damage caused by such removal. All existing signage
in place on the Commencement Date shall be exempt from these requirements, including, without limitation, any requirement that Tenant
maintain or remove the same, and such signage shall not be subject to removal upon Tenant vacating the Leased Premises. 

5 

Section 4.4 Environmental
Matters . 

(a) From
and after the Commencement Date, Tenant shall, with respect to the Leased Premises (i) not cause, allow or permit any Hazardous Material
(as defined below) to be brought upon, kept, used, handled, or managed in or about the Leased Premises, except in full compliance with
applicable Environmental Requirements and in types and quantities consistent with Tenant s ordinary operations; (ii) cause
any and all Hazardous Materials delivered to or removed from the Leased Premises by or on behalf of Tenant to be removed and transported
solely by licensed haulers to duly licensed facilities for recycling or final disposal of such materials and wastes; and (iii) not
release any Hazardous Material at or near the Leased Premises, except as permitted by Environmental Requirements and as would not result
in contamination at the Leased Premises. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Lease, Tenant may use any ordinary
and customary materials reasonably required to be used in the normal course of the Permitted Use of the Leased Premises, ordinary office
supplies (copier toner, liquid paper, glue, etc.) and common household or office materials (including cleaning supplies), so long as such
use is conducted in full compliance with applicable Environmental Requirements and does not expose the Leased Premises or neighboring
property to any risk of contamination or damage, or expose Landlord to any liability therefore. 

(b) As
used herein Environmental Requirements shall mean all federal, state, local and foreign statutes, regulations, ordinances
and other provisions having the force or effect of law, all judicial and administrative orders and determinations, all contractual obligations
and all common law concerning public health and safety, worker health and safety, pollution or protection of the environment, including
without limitation all those relating to the presence, use, production, generation, handling, transportation, treatment, storage, disposal,
distribution, labeling, testing, processing, discharge, release, threatened release, control, or cleanup of any hazardous materials, substances
or wastes, chemical substances or mixtures, pesticides, pollutants, contaminants, toxic chemicals, petroleum products or byproducts, asbestos,
polychlorinated biphenyls, noise or radiation, each as amended and as in effect prior to, on, or after the date of this Lease. As used
herein, the term Hazardous Material means petroleum, any hazardous or toxic substance, material or waste that is
or becomes regulated by any governmental authority because of its toxic, hazardous, deleterious, or dangerous properties and includes,
without limitation, any material or substance which is: (i) defined as a hazardous substance under the environmental,
health, or safety laws of the state in which the Leased Premises are located; (ii) petroleum; (iii) asbestos; (iv) designated
as a hazardous substance pursuant the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, 33 U.S.C. Section 401 et seq.; (v) defined
as a hazardous waste pursuant to the Federal Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. Section 6901 et seq.; (vi) defined
as a hazardous substance pursuant to the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, 42 U.S.C.
Section 9601 et seq.; (vii) defined as a regulated substance pursuant to Subchapter IX, Solid Waste Disposal Act (Regulation
of Underground Storage Tanks), 42 U.S.C. Section 6991 et seq.; or (viii) defined as a toxic substance pursuant to the
Toxic Substance Control Act, 15 U.S.C. Section 2601 et seq. As used herein, Environmental Liabilities shall mean all liabilities,
obligations, claims, damages, penalties, costs, and expenses (including the fees and expenses of attorneys and consultants) relating to
or arising under Environmental Requirements. 

(c) Landlord
shall have the right at all times during the Term of this Lease to (i) inspect the Leased Premises and to (ii) conduct tests and investigations
to determine whether Tenant is in compliance with the provisions of this Article. Landlord shall give reasonable notice to Tenant before
conducting any inspections, tests, or investigations, and same shall be conducted during normal business hours in a manner that will not
interrupt or unreasonably interfere with Tenant s business operations. The cost of all such inspections, tests and investigations
shall be borne by Tenant if Tenant is in breach of this Article. Neither any action nor inaction on the part of Landlord pursuant to this
Article shall be deemed in any way to release Tenant from, or in any way modify or alter, Tenant s responsibilities, obligations,
and/or liabilities under this Lease. 

6 

(d) As
of the Commencement Date and except as disclosed in any environmental reports delivered by Landlord to Tenant, Landlord hereby represents
and warrants to Tenant that, to Landlord s actual knowledge without investigation, there are no Hazardous Materials present in the
Leased Premises in violation of Environmental Requirements. Tenant shall have no liability with respect to any contamination existing
prior to the Commencement Date. Landlord hereby agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Tenant from and against any and all claims,
demands, liabilities, causes of action, suits, judgments, damages and expenses arising from the use, release or disposal by Landlord of
Hazardous Materials at the Leased Premises. 

ARTICLE
V 

TRIPLE NET LEASE 

Landlord and Tenant acknowledge
that, except for Landlord s obligations in ARTICLE VI below and except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, it is their intent and
agreement that this Lease be a TRIPLE NET lease and that as such, the provisions contained in this Lease are intended to pass
on to Tenant or reimburse Landlord for the costs and expenses associated with this Lease and the Lease Premises and Tenant s operation
therefrom. To the extent such costs and expenses payable by Tenant cannot be charged directly to, and paid by, Tenant, such costs and
expenses shall be paid by Landlord but reimbursed by Tenant as additional rent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the costs and expenses
described in Exhibit C shall not be passed through to Tenant and shall not be required to be paid or reimbursed
by Tenant. 

ARTICLE
VI 

MAINTENANCE OF LEASED PREMISES 

Section 6.1 Landlord s
Obligations . 

(a) Landlord
shall, at Landlord s sole cost and expense (and not subject to reimbursement by Tenant), maintain, repair and replace (if necessary)
the load bearing-components of the Building s footings, foundations, exterior structural walls, interior structural columns and other
load-bearing elements of the Building, excluding windows and doors. 

(b) Landlord
shall, at Landlord s cost and expense, be responsible for any repair or replacement to the Leased Premises characterized as capital 
in nature under generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied. If such repair or replacement is outside the scope of Section
6.1(a), Tenant shall be required to pay the pro rata share of the cost of the applicable repair or replacement falling due within the
Term based upon the amortization of the same over the useful life of such item, such amount to be payable in substantially equal monthly
installments over the then-remaining balance of the Term. 

(c) Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, in the event a capital improvement or other structural, unforeseen or extraordinary change to the Leased
Premises is required by Laws and Requirements during the first Lease Year of the Initial Term, then Landlord shall be responsible for
such work at Landlord s sole cost and expense (and not subject to reimbursement by Tenant). 

7 

Section 6.2 Tenant s
Repairs and Maintenance . Subject to Landlord s obligations in Section 6.1 above, Tenant shall, at Tenant s sole
cost and expense (subject to the final sentence of this Section 6.2), maintain, repair and replace (if necessary) the Leased Premises,
including, without limitation, the Building, building systems, parking lot, driveways, windows, skylights, doors, roof, sewage booster
system, security system, heating, ventilating and air conditioning systems HVAC ), clean rooms and associated systems,
plumbing, electrical, process piping, chillers, equipment, fixtures, flooring, life safety equipment, and all other portions of the Leased
Premises, in good and sanitary condition and compliance with all Laws and Requirements, subject to ordinary wear and tear and casualty.
Tenant shall periodically inspect the Leased Premises to identify any conditions that are dangerous or in need of maintenance, repair
or replacement. Tenant shall promptly provide Landlord with notice of any such conditions which are significant in nature or which will
require action by Landlord. Tenant hereby waives all right to make repairs at the expense of Landlord or in lieu thereof to vacate the
Leased Premises and its other similar rights as provided in California Civil Code Sections 1932(1), 1941 and 1942 or any other Laws and
Requirements (whether now or hereafter in effect). 

Section
6.3 Maintenance Contracts. Tenant shall, at Tenant s sole cost and expense, enter
into and keep in full force and effect during the Term, maintenance contracts with the following vendors: Office cleaning service (Townsend
 Styer), Burglar Alarm (Bay Alarm), Fire Alarm and Sprinkler (ADT Commercial), Trane (Chiller maintenance and smart pumps for Di),
Atlas Copco (compressed air, air dryer, house vacuum), W2 Systems (acid waste neutralization), DeIonized water plant (Evoqua Technologies),
HVAC (J J Air Systems Inc.), Common Area (Wills Property Management c/o Berryessa Industrial Complex), or other companies approved
by Landlord in Landlord s sole discretion (the Maintenance Contracts ); provided, however, with respect to
Fire Alarm and Sprinkler (ADT Commercial) maintenance, Tenant shall retain the existing 36-month contract with ADT Commercial executed
on June 23, 2022. Tenant shall provide copies of the Maintenance Contracts to Landlord within ten (10) days after the Commencement Date,
and within ten (10) days after such contracts are modified or renewed, and at other times upon Landlord s request. 

Section 6.4 Landlord s
Access . Tenant will permit Landlord and its authorized representatives to enter upon the Leased Premises at all reasonable
times, upon reasonable advance notice, during usual business hours, in a manner so as to not unreasonably interfere with Tenant s
business, and subject to Tenant s security and privacy policies, for the purpose of (i) inspecting the same and making any necessary
repairs thereto, (ii) showing the same to existing and prospective mortgagees, purchasers, vendors and other interested parties, and (iii)
during the 120 days prior to the expiration of the term of this Lease, showing the same to prospective tenants. 

Section
6.5 Roof Reimbursement. During the Term, Tenant shall reimburse Landlord in the amount
of 261.67 per month, which is the cost of the new roof installed by Landlord amortized over a 20-year period. 

Section
6.6 Common Area Maintenance. Landlord
is charged common area and maintenance expenses by Berryessa Industrial Complex in connection with the Leased Premises. Tenant
shall pay prior to delinquency all assessments that are levied or assessed on the Land and Building by
the Berryessa Industrial Complex during the Term and are applicable to the period of Tenant s occupancy, provided, however,
that any such assessments shall be prorated between Landlord and Tenant as of the Commencement Date for the first year of the Term and
as of the expiration date of the Term for the last year of the Term. Upon request, Tenant shall provide Landlord with evidence of payment
of such amounts. If Landlord pays such amounts (due to Tenant s failure to pay same), Landlord shall notify Tenant of such payment,
and Tenant shall promptly reimburse Landlord for such amounts upon demand. 

Section 6.7 Surrender
of Premises . Tenant shall on the last day of the Term or earlier termination of this Lease, quit and surrender the Leased Premises,
in good working order, condition and repair, normal wear and tear and casualty excepted, broom clean and otherwise in the condition required
under this Lease, together with all Alterations which may have been made in, on, or to the Leased Premises by Tenant (without compensation
to Tenant); provided, however, Tenant shall remove its personal property, furniture, trade fixtures, wiring and cabling. Tenant shall
repair damage caused by such removal. 

8 

ARTICLE
VII 

UTILITIES 

Section 7.1 Charges .
Commencing on the date of delivery of possession of the Leased Premises to Tenant, Tenant shall pay for all utilities that may be furnished
to it or used by it in or about the Leased Premises including, but not limited to, water, fuel, gas, oil, heat, electricity, sewer charges
and rents, together with all taxes, levies or other charges on such utilities and governmental charges based on utility consumption at
the rates of the utility company or municipality supplying the service and according to the readings of meters measuring the quantity
of the service furnished. Tenant shall pay all such charges directly to the applicable utility provider when due. All utilities for the
Leased Premises attributable to periods prior to the Commencement Date shall be the responsibility of and paid for by Landlord. 

ARTICLE
VIII 

ALTERATIONS 

Section 8.1 Alterations .
Tenant shall not make any additions, alterations or improvements of any kind to the Leased Premises or any part thereof (collectively,
 Alterations without the prior written consent of Landlord, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned
or delayed. Any such Alterations shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Lease. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant shall
be permitted to make non-structural cosmetic Alterations to the Leased Premises (that do not exceed 25,000 per year in the aggregate)
without Landlord s consent. Any Alterations made by Tenant shall be in accordance with the building code and ordinances of the city in
which the Leased Premises is located and all other applicable Laws and Requirements pertaining to such work. All Alterations shall be
made promptly in a good and workmanlike manner free and clear of all mechanics and materialmen s liens. Tenant shall promptly
repair any damage to the Leased Premises caused by any Alterations undertaken by Tenant. Tenant shall give Landlord at least fifteen (15)
days prior written notice of any commencement of any material Alterations in the Leased Premises so that Landlord may post notices
of non-responsibility in or upon the Leased Premises as provided by law. Upon completion of such work, Tenant shall provide Landlord with
a copy of all as-built plans (in the case of structural Alterations). 

Section 8.2 Removal
of Trade Fixtures and Improvements . Trade fixtures and equipment placed or installed upon or within the Leased Premises by
Tenant shall remain the personal property of Tenant. With Landlord s advance written consent, Tenant may abandon such fixtures, alterations,
modifications or improvements, and such items shall become the property of Landlord without compensation to Tenant. If any of Tenant s
personal property or trade fixtures remain on the Leased Premises after the expiration or earlier termination of the Lease without Landlord s
consent, Landlord shall have the right (but no obligation) to remove the same, and Tenant shall pay Landlord on demand for all costs of
removal and storage thereof. Any and all such property of Tenant not removed by such date shall, at the option of Landlord, irrevocably
become the sole property of Landlord. Tenant waives all rights to notice and all common law and statutory claims and causes of action
which it may have against Landlord subsequent to such date as regards the storage, destruction, damage, loss of use and ownership of the
personal property affected by the terms of this Section 8.2. 

Section 8.3 Mechanics 
Liens . Tenant agrees to indemnify, protect, defend and hold Landlord harmless from and against any and all mechanic s
liens or other liens and claims in connection with any construction by Tenant and shall, within twenty (20) days after notice from Landlord,
bond or discharge any such liens or claims. 

9 

ARTICLE
IX 

ASSIGNMENT AND SUBLETTING 

Section 9.1 Assigning
and Subletting . Except as hereinafter provided, Tenant shall not assign this Lease in whole or in part, nor sublet (or license)
the Leased Premises in whole or in part, without the prior consent of Landlord, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned
or delayed. Any assignment or sublease of the Leased Premises without such consent in violation hereof shall (a) be voidable, and/or (b)
terminate this Lease, in either case, at the option of Landlord. Landlord may reasonably withhold consent for any reasonable basis, including,
without limitation, the following considerations: (i) the financial strength of the proposed transferee; (ii) the proposed transferee s
impact or effect on the common facilities or the utility, efficiency or effectiveness of any utility or telecommunication system serving
the Building; (iii) a proposed transferee whose occupancy would require a variation in the terms of this Lease; (iv) the existence of
any default by Tenant under any provision of this Lease; (v) a proposed transferee who is or is likely to be, or whose business is or
is likely to be, subject to compliance with additional laws or other governmental requirements beyond those to which Tenant or Tenant s
business is subject; (vi) the proposed transferee is a governmental agency or unit, a non-profit or charitable entity or organization;
and/or (vii) the proposed transferee will use, store or handle Hazardous Materials in or about the Leased Premises of a type, nature or
quantity not then acceptable to Landlord. Tenant shall reimburse Landlord as additional rent for Landlord s reasonable costs and
attorneys fees incurred in conjunction with the processing and documentation of any proposed assignment or sublease of the Leased
Premises, whether or not consent is granted, in an amount not to exceed 2,500. 

Section 9.2 Permitted
Transfer . Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Tenant is not in default of the Lease beyond any applicable cure period, Tenant shall
have the right, without Landlord s consent, to assign this Lease or sublet the Leased Premises, in whole or in part: (x) to an affiliate
of Tenant controlled by or under common control with Tenant; (y) in connection with the sale of all or substantially all of the stock
or assets of Tenant; and/or (z) in connection with the sale of any of the group(s), division(s) or section(s) or substantially all of
the assets of any of such groups(s), division(s) or section(s) of Tenant occupying the Leased Premises. If Tenant assigns the Lease to
any entity listed in (x), (y) or (z) in the preceding sentence, then Tenant shall provide Landlord with ten (10) days advance notice of
such transfer, to include the form of written assumption agreement in favor of Landlord whereby the transferee assumes Tenant s
obligations under this Lease on and after the date of transfer, and information and documentation showing that each of the above conditions
has been satisfied. No transfer shall relieve Tenant of its obligations under the Lease. 

ARTICLE
X 

DAMAGE OR DESTRUCTION 

If the Leased Premises are
damaged in whole or in part by casualty, Landlord shall promptly repair and replace the same at Landlord s sole cost and expense (and
not subject to reimbursement by Tenant) to as near the condition as existed prior to the property loss as practicable. While such restoration
is in progress, Tenant shall be entitled to a fair and appropriate abatement of the rental to be paid, said abatement to be based on the
amount and value of the Leased Premises that remains useable by Tenant for the Permitted Use during the restoration period. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, in the event the damage cannot reasonably be repaired by Landlord within 120 days after the occurrence of such casualty,
then either Landlord or Tenant shall have the right to terminate this Lease by delivering written notice of termination to the other party
within thirty (30) days after the casualty occurs (or, in the case of a notice by Tenant, within thirty (30) days after Landlord informs
Tenant in writing of the projected time for the repairs), whereupon this Lease shall end on the date of such damage as if the date of
such damage were the date originally fixed in this Lease for the expiration of the Term, the obligation of Tenant to pay Base Rent and
other charges hereunder shall end as of the date of such damage and any charges prepaid by Tenant shall be adjusted between the parties.
Tenant waives (for itself and all persons claiming under Tenant) the provisions of Civil Code Sections 1932(2) and 1933(4) with respect
to the destruction of the Leased Premises. 

10 

ARTICLE
XI 

EMINENT DOMAIN 

Section 11.1 Award .
If the Leased Premises or any part thereof shall be taken or condemned, either permanently or temporarily, for any public or quasi-public
use or purpose by any competent authority in appropriation proceedings or by any right of eminent domain, or by agreement in lieu thereof,
then the entire compensation award therefor, both leasehold and reversion, shall belong to Landlord without any deduction therefrom for
any present or future estate of Tenant and Tenant hereby assigns to Landlord all its right, title and interest to any such award. 

Section 11.2 Tenant s
Damages . Although all damages in the event of any condemnation are to belong to Landlord, whether such damages are awarded
as compensation for diminution in value of the leasehold or the fee of the Land and the Building, Tenant shall have the right to claim
and recover directly from the condemning authority, but not from Landlord, such compensation as may be separately awarded and separately
recoverable by Tenant in Tenant s own right on account of any and all damage to, for or on account of any cost or loss to which
Tenant may be put in removing Tenant s merchandise, furniture, trade fixtures and trade equipment, provided any such award does
not directly or indirectly reduce Landlord s award. Tenant waives (for itself and all persons claiming under Tenant) the provisions
of Code of Civil Procedure Section 1265.130, allowing either party to petition the Superior Court to terminate this Lease in the event
of a partial taking of the Leased Premises by condemnation. 

Section 11.3 Abatement
of Rent . If the entire Leased Premises shall be taken as aforesaid, or if, in the Tenant s discretion, the remaining
portion of the Leased Premises is insufficient for Tenant s use and Tenant provides Landlord written notice of the same and Tenant s
determination to terminate the Lease, then this Lease shall terminate and shall become null and void from the time possession thereof
is required for public use and from that date, the parties hereto shall be released from further obligation hereunder; but in the event
a portion only of the Leased Premises shall be so taken or condemned and Tenant does not terminate this Lease as provided above then the
Base Rent to be paid by Tenant shall be equitably adjusted, and Landlord (at its sole cost and expense and not subject to reimbursement
by Tenant) shall promptly repair and restore the Leased Premises in a good and workmanlike manner and in compliance with applicable law
to the condition that existed immediately before the taking, except for the part taken, to render the Leased Premises a complete architectural
unit (provided, however, that Landlord shall not be required to expend more that the condemnation proceeds received by Landlord with respect
to such taking). 

ARTICLE
XII 

DEFAULT 

Section 12.1 Events
of Default . Any one or more of the following events shall be an Event of Default under this Lease: 

(a) Tenant
fails to pay within ten (10) days of when due and after written notice thereof from Landlord the full amount of any installment of Base
Rent, additional rent or other charges payable under this Lease. 

(b) Tenant
fails to fully perform and comply with any of the agreements, terms, covenants or conditions in this Lease provided (other than those
referred to in the foregoing Subsection of this Section) for a period of thirty (30) days after written notice from Landlord to Tenant
specifying the items in default or, in the case of a default or a contingency that cannot with due diligence, in good faith, be cured
within said thirty (30) day period, Tenant fails to promptly commence within said thirty (30) day period to cure the same and
thereafter to prosecute continuously the curing of such default with due diligence, in good faith, it being intended in connection with
a default not susceptible of being cured with due diligence within said thirty (30) day period that the time of Tenant within which
to cure the same shall be extended for such period as may be necessary to complete the same in the ordinary course, but not more than
seventy-five (75) days after Landlord s initial written notice from Landlord to Tenant specifying the items in default. 

11 

(c) Tenant
shall file a voluntary petition in bankruptcy or shall be adjudicated a bankrupt or insolvent, or shall file any petition or answer seeking
any reorganization, arrangement, composition, readjustment, liquidation, dissolution or similar relief under the present or future federal,
state, or other bankruptcy or insolvency statutes or laws, or shall seek or consent to or acquiesce in the appointment of any bankruptcy
or insolvency trustee, receiver or liquidator of Tenant of all or any substantial part of its properties or of the Leased Premises. 

(d) A
failure by Tenant to provide evidence of Tenant s insurance under this Lease within five (5) days of Landlord s request. 

(e) Tenant
abandons the Leased Premises. 

(f) Tenant
shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors of all or any substantial part of its properties or of the Leased Premises, or if
any trustee, receiver or liquidator of Tenant shall be appointed in any action, suit or proceeding, or if the leasehold estate hereby
created shall be taken in execution or by other process of law. 

Section 12.2 Termination
and Damages . Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, then in addition to any other remedies available to Landlord herein or at
law or in equity, Landlord shall have the immediate option to terminate this Lease and all rights of Tenant hereunder by giving written
notice of such intention to terminate. In the event that Landlord shall elect to so terminate this Lease, then Landlord shall be entitled
to recover damages from Tenant as provided in California Civil Code Section 1951.2 or any other applicable existing or future laws providing
for recovery of damages for such breach, including but not limited to the following: 

(a) The
worth at the time of award of any unpaid rent which had been earned at the time of such termination; plus 

(b) The
worth at the time of award of the amount by which the unpaid rent which would have been earned after termination until the time of award
exceeds the amount of such rental loss Tenant proves could have been reasonably avoided; plus the worth at the time of award of the amount
by which the unpaid rent for the balance of the term after the time of award exceeds the amount of such rental loss that Tenant proves
could be reasonably avoided; plus 

(c) Any
other amount necessary to compensate Landlord for all the detriment proximately caused by Tenant s failure to perform its obligations
under this Lease or which in the ordinary course of events would be likely to result therefrom; and 

(d) At
Landlord s election, such other amounts in addition to or in lieu of the foregoing as may be permitted from time to time by the
applicable law in the state in which the Leased Premises are located. 

As used in subsections 12.2
(a) and (b) above, the worth at the time of award is computed by allowing interest at the rate of ten percent (10 per
annum. As used in subsection 12.2(c) above, the worth at the time of award is computed by discounting such amount at the
discount rate of the Federal Reserve Bank for the region in which the Building is located at the time of award plus one percent (1 ). 

Section
12.3 Recovery of Rent; Reletting. 

(a) If
Landlord does not elect to terminate this Lease as provided in Section 12.2 above, this Lease shall continue in effect for so long as
Landlord does not terminate Tenant s right to possession, and Landlord may enforce all its rights and remedies under this Lease,
including, without limitation, Landlord s right from time to time, without terminating this Lease, to either recover all rental
as it becomes due or relet the Leased Premises or any part thereof for such term or terms and at such rental or rentals and upon such
other terms and conditions as Landlord, in its sole discretion, may deem advisable with the right to make alterations and repairs to the
Leased Premises. Acts of maintenance or preservation or efforts to relet the Leased Premises or the appointment of a receiver upon initiation
of Landlord or other legal proceeding granting Landlord or its agent possession to protect Landlord s interest under this Lease
shall not constitute a termination of Tenant s right to possession. 

12 

(b) In
the event that Landlord shall elect to so relet, then rentals received by Landlord from such reletting shall be applied: first, to the
payment of any indebtedness other than rent due hereunder from Tenant to Landlord; second, to the payment of any cost of such reletting;
third, to the payment of the cost of any alterations and repairs to the Leased Premises ; fourth, to the payment of rent due and unpaid
hereunder; and the residue, if any, shall be held by Landlord and applied in payment of future rent as the same may become due and payable
hereunder. Should that portion of such rentals received from such reletting during any month, which is applied by the payment of rent
hereunder, be less than the rent payable during that month by Tenant hereunder, then Tenant shall pay such deficiency to Landlord immediately
upon demand therefor by Landlord. Such deficiency shall be calculated and paid monthly. Tenant shall also pay to Landlord, as soon as
ascertained, any costs and expenses incurred by Landlord in such reletting or in making such alterations and repairs not covered by the
rentals received from such reletting. 

(c) No
reentry or taking possession of the Leased Premises or any other action under this Section shall be construed as an election to terminate
this Lease unless a written notice of such intention be given to Tenant or unless the termination thereof be decreed by a court of competent
jurisdiction. Notwithstanding any reletting without termination by Landlord because of any default by Tenant, Landlord may at any time
after such reletting elect to terminate this Lease for any such default. 

(d) Landlord
has the remedy described in California Civil Code Section 1951.4 (Landlord may continue Lease in effect after Tenant s breach and
abandonment and recover rent as it becomes due, if Tenant has right to sublet or assign, subject only to reasonable limitations). 

Section 12.4 Landlord
Self-Help . If Tenant fails to pay, when due, for any repairs or improvements to the Leased Premises made by Tenant (to the
extent that such repairs were the responsibility of Tenant hereunder), or if Tenant fails to pay any of the charges that Tenant is obligated
to pay by the terms of this Lease, or if Tenant fails to make repairs that are Tenant s responsibility as herein provided, then
in addition to all other remedies provided by this Lease, Landlord may, but is not obligated to, upon Tenant s failure to cure such
default within thirty (30) days after Tenant s receipt of notice from Landlord that specifies the particular default complained
of, pay any such charges and make such repairs, and the amount or amounts so paid or expended therefor shall become due and payable immediately
upon demand by Landlord; and if Tenant shall not repay any such amount or amounts upon demand, said amount or amounts (plus a 15 administrative
fee) shall be added to, and become a part of, the Base Rent to be paid by Tenant when the next regular installment of Base Rent becomes
due. 

Section 12.5 Tenant
Self-Help . Landlord shall be in default if it shall fail to perform or observe any term, condition, covenant or obligation
as required under this Lease for a period of thirty (30) days after written notice thereof from Tenant to Landlord specifying the items
in default or, in the case of a default or a contingency that cannot with due diligence, in good faith, be cured within said thirty (30) day
period, then within such extended period as may be necessary to complete the same in the ordinary course, but not more than sixty (60)
days after Tenant s initial written notice from Tenant to Landlord specifying the items in default. Upon the occurrence of any such default,
Tenant may (but is not obligated to) cure such default on behalf of Landlord and in Tenant s discretion, Tenant may offset and deduct
the reasonable costs and expenses incurred by Tenant in curing such default (plus a 15 administrative fee) from Base Rent and/or any
other amounts owed to Landlord under this Lease, or, if requested by Tenant, Landlord shall reimburse Tenant for the reasonable cost and
expense incurred by Tenant in curing such default (plus a 15 administrative fee) upon written request. In addition to any of the foregoing
remedies, if Landlord is in default or breach of the terms of this Lease, Tenant may sue for specific performance, injunctive relief or
to recover damages for any loss resulting from such breach, and Tenant may terminate this Lease and/or pursue any remedies available at
law or in equity. 

13 

ARTICLE
XIII 

INDEMNITY AND INSURANCE 

Section 13.1 Indemnity .
Tenant covenants and agrees to indemnify, protect, defend and save harmless Landlord and its managers, members, officers, employees and
contractors (collectively, Landlord Parties against and from all liabilities, obligations, damages, suits, causes
of action, fines, penalties, claims, costs, charges and expenses, including without limitation, which may be imposed upon or incurred
by or asserted against any of the Landlord Parties by reason of any of the following: (i) any violation of any Laws and Requirements
by Tenant, its officers, employees, contractors and invitees or otherwise attributable to the failure of Tenant to perform or comply with
any provision of this Lease; (ii) any accident or other occurrence on or about the Leased Premises which causes injury to any person
or property whomsoever or whatsoever; or (iii) any act or omission of Tenant or its officers, employees, contractors and invitees related
to its use of Leased Premises. Under no circumstances shall Tenant be obligated to indemnify any party to the extent that the injury,
loss or damage was caused by the negligence or willful misconduct of the party to be indemnified. Landlord covenants and agrees to indemnify,
protect, defend and save harmless Tenant and its managers, members, officers, employees and contractors (collectively, Tenant
Parties against and from all liabilities, obligations, damages, suits, causes of action, fines, penalties, claims, costs,
charges and expenses, including without limitation, which may be imposed upon or incurred by or asserted against any of the Tenant Parties
by reason of any of the following: (a) any violation of any Laws and Requirements by Landlord, its officers, employees, contractors
and invitees or otherwise attributable to the failure of Landlord to perform or comply with any provision of this Lease; or (b) any act
or omission of Landlord or its officers, employees, contractors and invitees related to its activities in connection with the Leased Premises. 

Section 13.2 Liability
Insurance . Tenant shall, at its expense, keep and maintain in full force and effect during the entire Term of this Lease, broad
form commercial general liability insurance with a contractual liability endorsement naming Landlord as additional insured, in an amount
of not less than Two Million and 00/100 Dollars 2,000,000.00) for injury to persons and/or for property damage, to insure and indemnify
Landlord and Tenant against any and all claims for injury to persons or property, incurred in and about the Leased Premises and shall
furnish Landlord with a memorandum certificate of said insurance policy, together with an appropriate additional insured endorsement,
on or before the date that Landlord delivers possession of the Leased Premises to Tenant. Such policy shall bear an endorsement to the
effect that the insurer agrees to notify Landlord not less than ten (10) days in advance of any modification or cancellation thereof.
The policy shall insure performance by Tenant of the indemnity provisions of this Lease and shall be primary, not contributing with, and
not in excess of coverage which Landlord may carry. 

Section 13.3 Casualty
Insurance . Landlord shall, at all times during the term of this Lease, keep all buildings, improvements and equipment now or
hereafter located upon the Leased Premises (as the same may be expanded, improved, modified or upgraded from time to time) insured for
the Full Replacement Value (as hereinafter defined) thereof on an all risk of physical loss or damage basis special
perils form. The term Full Replacement Value shall mean actual replacement cost, including building code upgrade
coverage. For periods during the Term, Tenant shall reimburse Landlord for the cost of such insurance related to the Leased Premises promptly
following Tenant s receipt of a written invoice (and reasonable supporting documentation) from Landlord for same. 

Section 13.4 Contents
Insurance . Tenant shall, at its expense, keep and maintain in full force and effect during the entire period of this Lease,
special form or so-called all-risk property casualty insurance written at full replacement cost value and with replacement
cost endorsement, including coverage against sprinkler damage, vandalism and malicious mischief, covering all personal property of Tenant
at the Leased Premises (including, without limitation, equipment, trade fixtures, merchandise, inventory, supplies, parts, wall and floor
coverings, furniture, furnishings, decorations, and property removable by Tenant under the provisions of this Lease). Tenant shall also
maintain insurance for all plate glass upon the Leased Premises. 

14 

Section 13.5 Waiver
of Right of Recovery . Neither party nor its representatives, agents or employees shall be liable to the other party or to anyone
claiming through the other party or to any insurance company (by way of subrogation or otherwise) insuring the other party for any business
interruption or for any loss or damage to any building, structure or other tangible property occurring in, on or about the Leased Premises,
even though such business interruption, loss or damage might have been occasioned by the negligence of such party, its agents or employees
to the extent that: (i) such business interruption, loss or damage is or could be covered by a special form or all risk 
property insurance policy, by a contents insurance policy or by a sprinkler leakage or water damage policy in the State where the Leased
Premises are located, regardless of whether such insurance policies are actually carried, or (ii) recovery is had under any other
insurance carried covering such business interruption, loss or damage. Each insurance policy carried by the parties hereto shall contain
a clause to the effect that the foregoing waiver shall not affect the right of the insured party to recover under such policy. 

Section 13.6 Policy
Requirements . Any insurance which a party is required to keep and maintain pursuant to this Article XIII may be a combination
of primary and umbrella coverage. The company or companies writing any insurance which a party is required
to keep and maintain pursuant to this Article XIII shall be authorized to do business and issue insurance in the State where the Leased
Premises are located. Each such policy, or a certificate thereof, shall be deposited with Landlord or Tenant, as the case may be, promptly
upon commencement of a party s obligation to procure the same, together with evidence that the premiums therefor have been paid
in full. Prior to the expiration or termination of any such policy, the procuring party shall deliver to the other party a new or renewal
policy (or a certificate thereof), together with evidence that the premiums therefor have been paid in full. If Tenant fails to obtain
any insurance required of it under the terms of this Lease, Landlord may, at its option, but is not obligated to, obtain such insurance
on behalf of Tenant and bill Tenant, as additional rent, for the cost thereof. 

ARTICLE
XIV 

QUIET ENJOYMENT 

Section 14.1 Quiet
Enjoyment . Tenant, on paying the rent and observing, performing and keeping, in all material respects, all of the provisions
of this Lease on its part to be observed, performed and kept, shall lawfully, peaceably and quietly have, hold and enjoy the Leased Premises
during the term without hindrance, ejection or molestation by any person(s) lawfully claiming under Landlord. 

ARTICLE
XV 

SUBORDINATION AND ATTORNMENT 

Section 15.1 Subordination .
Unless a Mortgagee (as defined in Section 15.3) shall otherwise elect as provided in Section 15.2, Tenant s rights under this Lease
are and shall remain subject and subordinate to the operation and effect of any Mortgage (as defined in Section 15.3) and to any extensions,
modifications or amendments of any Mortgage, provided that the Mortgagee shall agree in the Mortgage or otherwise that this Lease shall
not be terminated or otherwise affected by the enforcement of such Mortgage if at the time thereof Tenant is not in default under this
Lease beyond any applicable cure period. 

Section 15.2 Mortgagee s
Unilateral Subordination . If a Mortgagee shall so elect by written notice to Tenant or by the recording of a unilateral declaration
of subordination, then this Lease and Tenant s rights hereunder shall be superior and prior in right to the Mortgage of which such
Mortgagee has the benefit, with the same force and effect as if this Lease had been executed, delivered and recorded prior to the execution,
delivery and recording of such Mortgage, subject, nevertheless, to such conditions as maybe set forth in any such notice or declaration. 

15 

Section 15.3 Mortgage 
and Mortgagee Defined . Mortgage means (a) any lease of land only or of land and buildings
in a sale-leaseback transaction involving all or any portion of the Land and the Building, or (b) any mortgage, deed of trust or
other security instrument constituting a lien upon all or any portion of the Land and the Building, whether the same shall be in existence
as of the date hereof or created hereafter. Mortgagee means a party having the benefit of a Mortgage, whether as
lessor, mortgagee, trustee or noteholder. 

Section 15.4 Estoppel
Certificates . At any time and from time to time, Landlord and Tenant agree, within twenty (20) days of request in writing from
either party to the other party, to execute, acknowledge and deliver to such requesting party a statement in writing certifying to the
extent true that this Lease is unmodified and in full force and effect (or if there have been modifications, that the same is in full
force and effect as modified and stating the modifications), the dates to which rent and other charges have been paid and containing such
other matters and certifications reasonably requested by such requesting party. 

ARTICLE
XVI 

HOLDING OVER AND SUCCESSORS 

Section 16.1 Holding
Over . Tenant shall pay Landlord for each day Tenant retains possession of the Leased Premises or part of them after termination
of this Lease by lapse of time or otherwise at the rate Holdover Rate which shall be One Hundred Fifty Percent
(150 of the monthly Base Rent for the last month prior to the date of such termination. Acceptance by Landlord of Base Rent after such
termination shall not act to extend the Term of this Lease and any occupancy shall be on a month-to-month basis unless otherwise agreed
in writing between Landlord and Tenant. Nothing contained in this Section shall be construed or operate as a waiver of Landlord s right
of reentry or any other right or remedy of Landlord, provided, however, that Tenant shall not be liable for indirect or consequential
damages resulting from holdover. In the event that Landlord has entered into a lease with a replacement tenant for the Leased Premises
and has notified Tenant of such lease no later than thirty (30) days prior to the end of the Term, if Tenant fails to surrender the Leased
Premises within thirty (30) days after the termination or expiration of this Lease, Tenant shall protect, defend, indemnify and hold Landlord
harmless from and against any claims made by such replacement tenant founded upon such failure to surrender and any lost profits to Landlord
resulting therefrom. The provisions of this Section shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease. 

Section 16.2 Successors
and Assigns . The terms and provisions of this Lease shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Landlord, its successors
and assigns, and Tenant, its successors and assigns. 

ARTICLE
XVII 

GENERAL PROVISIONS 

Section 17.1 Brokers .
Each of Landlord and Tenant warrant, which warranty shall survive the execution of this Lease, that Landlord on behalf of itself, and
Tenant on behalf of itself, has not had any dealings with any realtors, brokers or agents in connection with the negotiation of this Lease,
and each of Landlord and Tenant agrees to hold the other harmless from any cost, expense or liability for any compensation, commission
or charges claimed by any other realtors, brokers or agents with respect to this Lease or the negotiation thereof. 

16 

Section 17.2 Notices .
All notices, demands, and requests required or permitted to be made under this Lease shall be made in writing and shall be delivered by
one or more of the following methods: (i) certified mail, return receipt requested or (ii) nationally-recognized overnight courier,
such as Federal Express, UPS or Airborne. Such notices, demands and requests shall be sent to the following addresses: 

If to Landlord: Saira Y Haq 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 Email: [ ] 

And required copies to: Hanson Bridgett LLP 

 1676 North California Blvd., Suite 620 

 Walnut Creek, CA 94596 

 Attention: Eric Clarke 

 Email: eclarke@hansonbridgett.com 

If to Tenant: c/o Akoustis Technologies,
Inc. 

 985 Northcross Center Court, Suite A 

 Huntersville, NC 28078 

 Attention: General Counsel 

 Email: dwright@akoustis.com 

And required copies to: K L Gates LLP 

 300 South Tryon Street, Suite 1000 

 Attention: Sean M. Jones; Coleman Wombwell 

 Email: sean.jones@klgates.com; 

 coleman.wombwell@klgates.com 

All notices given under this Section shall also
be given by email to the email addresses provided above (which emails shall not themselves constitute notice). Notices sent in accordance
with this Section shall be deemed to have been given on the date three (3) postal days after deposited in the U.S. mail or one (1) business
day after deposited with the overnight courier (as applicable). Any party may change its notice address hereunder by giving written notice
to the other party in accordance with this Section; provided, however, that such change of address shall not be effective until notice
thereof is actually received by the other party. 

Section 17.3 Joint
and Several Liability . If at any time the term Landlord or Tenant shall include more than one person
or entity, the obligations of all such persons or entities hereunder shall be joint and several. 

Section 17.4 Injunctive
Relief . In the event of any breach or threatened breach by Landlord or Tenant of any of the agreements, terms, covenants, or
conditions contained in this Lease, the non-breaching party shall be entitled to enjoin such breach or threatened breach and shall have
the right to invoke any right and remedy allowed at law or in equity or by statute or otherwise as though re-entry, summary proceedings
and other remedies were not provided for in this Lease. 

Section 17.5 Captions
and Exhibits . As used in this Lease and when required by the context, each number (singular or plural) shall include all numbers,
and each gender shall include all genders. The captions and headings throughout this Lease are for convenience of reference only and the
words contained therein shall in no way be held or deemed to define, limit, explain, modify, amplify or add to the interpretation, construction
or meaning of any provision of, or the scope or intent of, this Lease, nor in any way affect this Lease. The term person 
as used herein means person, firm, association or corporation, as the case may be. All exhibits referred to in, and attached to, this
Lease are hereby made a part of this Lease. 

17 

Section 17.6 Entire
Agreement . There are no oral agreements between the parties hereto affecting this Lease, and this Lease supersedes and cancels
any and all previous negotiations, arrangements, agreements and understandings, if any, between the parties hereto with respect to the
subject matter thereof, and none thereof shall be used to interpret or construe this Lease. 

Section 17.7 Memorandum
of Lease . Neither Landlord nor Tenant shall record this Lease. Upon the request of either party, the parties shall execute
and deliver a Memorandum of Lease in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit D , containing such
information as shall be required by the appropriate state statutes, provided that the recording costs shall be paid by the requesting
party. 

Section 17.8 Consent .
No consent or approval pursuant to this Lease shall be valid or binding unless set forth in a writing signed by the party giving such
consent or approval. Unless otherwise expressly set forth in this Lease, any consent or approval of Landlord or Tenant under this Lease
may not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. 

Section
17.9 Attorneys Fees. In the event of any litigation or arbitration (if each
party in its sole and absolute discretion elects to use arbitration) proceeding between the parties with respect to this Lease, then
all costs and expenses, including without limitation, all reasonable professional fees such as appraisers , accountants 
and attorneys fees, incurred by the prevailing party therein shall be paid or reimbursed by the other party. The prevailing
party means the party determined by the court or arbitrator (if the parties elected to use arbitration) to have most nearly
prevailed, even if such party did not prevail in all matters, not necessarily the one in whose favor a judgment is rendered. 

Section 17.10 Severability .
If any term or provision of this Lease or any portion of a term or provision hereof or the application thereof to any person or circumstance
shall, to any extent, be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this Lease, or the application of such term or provision or portion
thereof to persons or circumstances other than those as to which it is held invalid or unenforceable, shall not be affected thereby, and
each term and provision of this Lease and each portion thereof shall be valid and be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law. 

Section 17.11 Force
Majeure . The time for performance of any act to be performed by Landlord under this Lease, or for the performance of any act
to be performed by Tenant (except for the payment of Base Rent, additional rent and other charges under this Lease and the maintenance
of insurance that Tenant is required to maintain under this Lease), shall be subject to delays caused by unavoidable accidents, acts of
God, strikes, war or national emergency, pandemic, epidemic, decisions, determinations, rules or regulations of any governmental agencies
having jurisdiction, or any acts beyond the reasonable control of Landlord (with respect to Landlord s obligations) or Tenant (with
respect to Tenant s obligations) (hereinafter collectively called unavoidable delays ). 

Section
17.12 Statutory CASp Disclaimer. Pursuant to Civil Code section 1938, Landlord states
that, as of the Commencement Date, the Leased Premises has not undergone inspection by a Certified Access Specialist CASp to determine whether the Leased Premises meet all applicable construction-related accessibility standards under California Civil Code
section 55.53. Landlord hereby discloses pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1938 as follows: A Certified Access Specialist
(CASp) can inspect the subject premises and determine whether the subject premises comply with all of the applicable construction-related
accessibility standards under state law. Although state law does not require a CASp inspection of the subject premises, the commercial
property owner or lessor may not prohibit the lessee or tenant from obtaining a CASp inspection of the subject premises for the occupancy
or potential occupancy of the lessee or tenant, if requested by the lessee or tenant. The parties shall mutually agree on the arrangements
for the time and manner of the CASp inspection, the payment of the fee for the CASp inspection, and the cost of making any repairs necessary
to correct violations of construction-related accessibility standards within the premises. Landlord and Tenant hereby acknowledge
and agree that in the event that Tenant elects to perform a CASp inspection of the Leased Premises hereunder, such CASp inspection shall
be performed at Tenant s sole cost and expense, and Tenant shall be solely responsible for the performance and cost of any repairs, upgrades,
alterations and/or modifications to the Leased Premises or the Building necessary to correct any such violations of construction-related
accessibility standards identified by such CASp inspection as required by law. 

18 

Section
17.13 Limited Liability. The
term Landlord, as used in this Lease, shall mean only the owner or owners of the Leased Premises at the time in question.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Lease, the liability of Landlord for its obligations under this Lease is limited solely to
Landlord s interest in the Leased Premises (and any proceeds thereof) as the same may from time to time be encumbered, and no personal
liability shall at any time be asserted or enforceable against any other assets of Landlord or against the constituent shareholders,
partners, members, or other owners of Landlord, or the directors, officers, employees and agents of Landlord or such constituent shareholder,
partner, member or other owner, on account of any of Landlord s obligations or actions under this Lease. Redress for any claim against
Landlord under this Lease shall be limited to and enforceable only against and to the extent of Landlord s interest in the Leased
Premises (and any proceeds thereof) . The obligations
of Landlord shall not be personally binding on, nor shall any resort be had to the private properties of, any of its or its investment
manager s trustees, directors, officers, partners, beneficiaries, members, stockholders, employees, or agents. In no case shall
Landlord or Tenant be liable to the other party hereunder for any lost profits, damage to business, or any form of special, indirect
or consequential damages. If, during the term of this Lease, Landlord shall sell its interest in the Leased Premises, then from and after
the effective date of the sale or conveyance, Landlord shall be released and discharged from any and all obligations and responsibilities
under this Lease, except those already accrued as of the date of such sale or other transfer, provided that the buyer or other transferee
shall have assumed all obligations and responsibilities under this Lease from and after the date of such sale or other transfer. 

Section 17.14 No
Offer . Until this Lease has been executed by the parties hereto, it shall not be binding or effective as to any of the parties,
nor shall the negotiations or correspondence between the parties, nor the preparation of this Lease by one or any of them be considered
as an agreement to execute a Lease; it being the intention of the parties that only the execution of this Lease shall make it a binding
and enforceable agreement. 

Section 17.15 Governing
Law. The laws of the State of California shall govern this Lease. 

Section 17.16 Execution
in Counterparts . This Lease may be executed in multiple identical counterparts, each of which shall be binding upon the party
executing such counterpart, and all of which together shall be deemed to be a single document. The parties may deliver their respective
counterparts to each other by electronic means, including by fax or by PDF attachment to an email and such delivery shall be deemed effective
and binding and such copy shall be considered an original. 

Section 17.17 Survival
of Obligations . All obligations of Landlord and Tenant which may accrue or arise during the term of this Lease or as a result of any
act or omission of such party during said term shall, to the extent they have not been fully performed, satisfied or discharged, survive
the expiration or termination of this Lease. 

Section 17.18 Termination
of Prior Leases . Landlord and Tenant acknowledge and agree that, effective as of the Effective Date, this Lease replaces and supersedes
any previously existing leases (whether written or oral) between Landlord and Tenant (or any predecessor in interest of Tenant) for the
Leased Premises, including, without limitation, that certain Lease Agreement dated as of January 1, 2020 (collectively, the Prior
Leases ). Effective as of the Effective Date, the Prior Leases are hereby terminated and Tenant (and any predecessor in interest
of Tenant) is released from any liabilities or obligations under the Prior Leases. Any rent or other amounts prepaid under the Prior Leases
shall be applied to Base Rent or other amounts due hereunder. 

[The
remainder of this page is intentionally left blank. The signatures follow.] 

19 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have executed this Lease as of the date first set forth above. 

LANDLORD: 

/s/ Saira Haq 

Saira Haq, Trustee of the Haq Family Trust (as a 86.4167 undivided tenant in common) 

/s/ Saira Haq 

Saira Haq, Trustee of the Non-Exempt Marital Trust dated May 26, 2006 (as a 13.5833 undivided tenant in common) 

TENANT: 

Grinding and Dicing Services, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ Jeffrey B. Shealy 

Name: 
 Jeffrey B. Shealy 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

20 

</EX-10.16>

<EX-10.17>
 4
 f10k2023ex10-17_akoustistech.htm
 STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 1, 2023, BY AND AMONG THE COMPANY, AKOUSTIS, INC., GRINDING & DICING SERVICES, INC. AND ITS STOCKHOLDERS

Exhibit 10.17 

STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

BY AND AMONG 

AKOUSTIS, INC., 

AKOUSTIS TECHNOLOGIES, INC., 

JOE COLLINS, 

LAILA HAQ COLLINS, 

SAIRA Y. HAQ, TRUSTEE, NON-EXEMPT MARITAL TRUST
CREATED MAY 26, 2006 UNDER THE TERMS OF THE HAQ LIVING TRUST DATED APRIL 12, 1989, 

NABILA HAQ, 

YOUSUF HAQ, 

AND 

GRINDING AND DICING SERVICES, INC., 

dated as of 

January 1, 2023 

STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

THIS STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT
(this Agreement is dated as of January 1, 2023 (the Effective Date by and among Akoustis,
Inc., a Delaware corporation Purchaser ), Akoustis Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation Purchaser
Parent ), Joe Collins Collins ), Laila Haq Collins, SAIRA Y. HAQ, TRUSTEE, NON-EXEMPT MARITAL TRUST CREATED
MAY 26, 2006 UNDER THE TERMS OF THE HAQ LIVING TRUST DATED APRIL 12, 1989, Nabila Haq, and Yousuf Haq (collectively with Collins, each
a Seller , and collectively the Sellers ), Collins, as Sellers Representative, and Grinding
and Dicing Services, Inc., a California corporation (the Company ). Each of Purchaser, Purchaser Parent, the Sellers,
Sellers Representative and the Company are sometimes individually referred to herein as a Party and, collectively,
as the Parties . Capitalized terms used in this Agreement have the meanings set forth herein and as specified in Exhibit
A . 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS , the Company
is engaged in wafer grinding and polishing, automated inspection, dicing, pick and place, general back-end silicon wafer processing and
packaging, and quality assurance services (the Business ); 

WHEREAS , the Sellers
own all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company (the Company Shares ); and 

WHEREAS , pursuant to
the terms of this Agreement, the Sellers desire to sell, and Purchaser desires to purchase from the Sellers, all of the Company Shares
as follows: 

AGREEMENT 

In consideration of the foregoing
and the representations, warranties, covenants, agreements and conditions contained herein and other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound, the Parties agree as follows: 

Article
I 
Purchase and Sale 

Section 1.1 Sale
and Purchase of the Company Shares ; Purchase Price . On the Effective Date (the Closing Date ),
at a closing of transactions taking place by conference call and the electronic exchange of signature pages by email (the Closing ),
subject to and on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, (i) each Seller shall sell, assign, contribute, transfer, convey
and deliver the number of Company Shares set forth opposite such Seller s name on Schedule I under the column titled Company
Shares Amount to Purchaser; and (ii) Purchaser shall purchase and accept from each Seller the Company Shares, free and clear of
all Encumbrances on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement. 

Section 1.2 Closing
Payments; Closing Deliverables . The aggregate purchase price for the Company Shares shall be 20,000,000 (the Purchase
Price ). The Closing shall be deemed to occur as of 12:01 a.m. New York time on the Closing Date. 

(a) On the first Business
Day following the Closing, (i) Purchaser shall pay or cause to be paid to the Sellers by wire transfer of immediately available
funds in the respective amounts, and to the accounts, set forth on Schedule II hereto an aggregate amount of cash equal to
 14,0000,000 less the aggregate amount of the Repaid Indebtedness and Closing Date Transaction Costs (the Closing Cash
Payment and (ii) Purchaser Parent shall issue by book entry to the Sellers an aggregate of 605,589 shares of Common
Stock, allocated to each Seller as set forth on Schedule III (the Closing Share Payment and, together
with the Closing Cash Payment, the Closing Payment ). 

2 

(b) 
 At the Closing, Purchaser shall deliver to the Sellers Representative a secured promissory note in the principal amount
of 4,000,000, in the form agreed by Purchaser and the Sellers Representative (the Note and the Note s
principal amount, as adjusted pursuant to the terms of the Note and this Agreement, the Note Amount , and together
with the Closing Cash Payment, the Aggregate Cash Payment ). The Note Amount may be reduced by Purchaser to satisfy
the Sellers obligations pursuant to Sections 1.3 , 5.1(c) , and 6.1 below. Purchaser covenants and agrees that
it will not reduce the Note Amount except in accordance with this Agreement and upon not less than five (5) Business Days prior
written notice to the Sellers Representative. If the Sellers Representative disagrees with such reduction, the Sellers 
Representative must deliver to Purchaser, within three (3) Business Days of receiving notice of such reduction, a written statement describing
the dispute in reasonable detail. In the event of timely receipt of such written statement, Purchaser shall not make the subject reduction
(as proposed by Purchaser or as modified following discussion between the parties) to the Note Amount unless and until mutually agreed
in writing by Purchaser and the Sellers Representative; provided, however , that any reduction to the Note Amount made to
satisfy the Sellers obligations pursuant to Section 1.3 shall be made following the final determination of Actual Working
Capital in accordance with such Section 1.3 . In the event of the payment of any of the Note Amount pursuant to the Note, within
one Business Day after receipt of such funds, the Sellers Representative shall distribute such funds to Sellers by delivery of
wire transfer of immediately available funds in the proportions set forth on Schedule III . 

(c) 
 Contemporaneously with the Closing, each of the following documents shall be delivered to the Sellers Representative: 

(i) 
 the Lease, executed by the Purchaser; 

(ii) 
 the CEO Employment Agreement, executed by the Purchaser; 

(iii) 
 the Note, executed by the Purchaser; and 

(iv) 
 the Guaranty Agreement, executed by the Company. 

(d) 
 Contemporaneously with the Closing, each of the following documents shall be delivered to Purchaser: 

(i) 
 the Lease, executed by Saira Haq, Trustee of the Haq Family Trust and Non-Exempt Marital Trust dated May 26, 2006; 

(ii) 
 stock certificates evidencing the Company Shares, duly endorsed in blank or accompanied by stock powers or instruments of transfer
duly executed in blank, with all required stock transfer tax stamps affixed thereto; 

(iii) 
 a Restrictive Covenant Agreement duly executed and delivered by each Seller that is a natural Person; 

(iv) 
 the CEO Employment Agreement, duly executed and delivered by Collins; 

(v) 
 the Note, executed by the Sellers Representative; 

(vi) 
 the Guaranty Agreement, executed by the Sellers Representative; 

(vii) true and
accurate copies of bank account statements of the Company showing an aggregate cash balance in such bank accounts of not less than
 350,000 as of the Closing and confirmation, satisfactory to Purchaser, of Purchaser s control of the Company Bank Accounts
and ability to direct the disbursement of funds therein effective as of the Closing Date; 

(viii) (1) a
certification from the Company, dated the Closing Date and signed by a responsible corporate officer of the Company, that the
Company is not, and has not been at any time during the five years preceding the date of such certification, a United States real
property holding company, as defined in Section 897(c)(2) of the Code, and (2) proof reasonably satisfactory to Purchaser that the
Company has provided notice of such certification to the IRS in accordance with the provisions of Treasury Regulations Section
1.897-2(h)(2); 

3 

(ix) 
 a certificate of the secretary of the Company, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Purchaser, certifying that
(A) attached thereto is a true, correct and complete copy of (1) the Organizational Documents of the Company (certified, in the case of
the Articles of Incorporation of the Company, as of a recent date by the Secretary of State of California), (2) resolutions duly adopted
by the board of directors of the Company authorizing the performance of the Transactions and the execution and delivery of the Transaction
Documents to which it is a party and (3) a certificate of good standing as of a recent date of the Company from the State of California
and a certificate of authority (or comparable certificate) as of a recent date of the Company from each state or foreign jurisdiction
in which it is qualified to conduct business; (B) the resolutions referenced in subsection (A)(2) are still in effect and have not been
amended; and (C) nothing has occurred since the date of the issuance of the certificate(s) referenced in subsection (A)(3) that would
adversely affect the Company s existence, good standing or authority in any such jurisdiction; 

(x) 
 evidence, in form and substance satisfactory to Purchaser, of the termination of each Related Party Agreement; 

(xi) 
 copies of all consents, notices, approvals, waivers and authorizations referred to in Schedule 1.2(d)(xi) ; 

(xii) written
resignations, effective as of the Closing, from and duly executed by Collins, Laila Haq Collins and Saira Haq, from their respective
positions as directors and officers of the Company; 

(xiii) a
duly executed IRS Form W-9 or Form W-8BEN-E from each Seller; and 

(xiv) the
Payoff Letters and copies of Form UCC-3 or other applicable forms of release, releasing all Encumbrances on the Company s
Assets and the Company Shares, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser. 

Section 1.3 Post-Closing
Purchase Price Adjustment. 

(a) 
 The Aggregate Cash Payment shall be increased or decreased as set forth below: 

(i) if the Actual Working Capital exceeds 750,000 (the Target Working Capital ), the
amount of such excess shall be added to the Closing Cash Payment; and 

(ii) if the Actual Working Capital is less than the Target Working Capital, the amount of such deficit shall
be subtracted from the Closing Cash Payment. 

Working
Capital means the current assets of the Company minus the current liabilities of the Company, in each case as of the Closing
Date and calculated in accordance with the accounting practices and policies used to prepare the Financial Statements. An example of the
calculation of Working Capital is set forth on Schedule 1.3(a) . 

(b) Within 60 days after
the Closing, Purchaser will prepare and deliver to Sellers Representative a statement (the Closing
Statement setting forth a calculation of Working Capital as of the Closing Actual Working Capital in a manner consistent with the requirements of this Section 1.3 . Purchaser shall provide to Sellers Representative
and include with the Closing Statement all information and calculations reasonably necessary or useful to evaluate the Closing
Statement. Purchaser also shall send notice to Sellers Representative of Purchaser s determination of any resulting
changes to the Purchase Price. 

4 

(c) 
 Within five Business Days after the final determination of Actual Working Capital in accordance with Section 1.3(b) : (i)
if Actual Working Capital exceeds the Target Working Capital, Purchaser will pay (or cause to be paid) to Sellers Representative,
by wire transfer of immediately available funds to a bank account designated by Sellers Representative, the amount of such excess,
which, within one Business Day after receipt of such funds, the Sellers Representative shall distribute such funds to Sellers by
delivery of wire transfer of immediately available funds in the proportions set forth on Schedule III ; or (ii) if Actual Working
Capital is less than the Target Working Capital, the Note Amount shall be reduced by the amount of such deficit. Any payments made pursuant
to this Section 1.3 shall be treated as an adjustment to the Purchase Price for tax purposes, unless otherwise required by applicable
law. 

(d) 
 If Sellers disagree with the calculation of Actual Working Capital in the Closing Statement, the Sellers Representative
must deliver to Purchaser, within 60 days after the date Purchaser delivers the Closing Statement to Sellers Representative, as
applicable, a written statement describing the dispute in reasonable detail (the Dispute Notice ), which statement
shall also contain Sellers proposed alternative calculation of Actual Working Capital. Sellers Representative shall provide
to Purchaser and include with the Dispute Notice all information and calculations reasonably necessary or useful to evaluate the Dispute
Notice. In connection with a Dispute Notice relating to Actual Working Capital, Sellers also shall send notice to Purchaser of Sellers 
determination of any resulting changes to the Purchase Price. If Sellers Representative does not deliver the Dispute Notice to
Purchaser within such 60-day time period and if Purchaser has complied with all of its obligations under this Section 1.3 , the
calculation of Actual Working Capital set forth in the Closing Statement shall be deemed accepted by Sellers and will be conclusive and
binding on the parties. 

(e) 
 Purchaser and Sellers Representative will negotiate in good faith to resolve any disagreements set forth in the Dispute
Notice. During this period, Purchaser and Sellers Representative shall promptly deliver to the other party any documentation reasonably
requested by such party pertaining to the Closing Statement or Dispute Notice, as applicable. If any items or amounts set forth in the
Dispute Notice are not finally resolved within 30 days following the date on which the Dispute Notice is delivered to Purchaser, then
either Purchaser or Sellers Representative will be entitled to submit such unresolved items or amounts to an independent accounting
firm mutually agreed upon by Purchaser and Sellers Representative (the Resolution Accountants to make the
final determination with respect to such unresolved items or amounts. Purchaser and Sellers Representative will cooperate with
the Resolution Accountants in all reasonable respects, and each will be afforded the opportunity to present to the Resolution Accountants
any material relating to the determination and to discuss the determination with such accountants, but no party will have ex parte meetings,
teleconferences or other correspondence with the Resolution Accountants as it is intended that both Purchaser and Sellers Representative
be included in all discussions and correspondence with the Resolution Accountants. The Resolution Accountants will determine the amount
claimed by Sellers Representative or Purchaser or any amount in between, and will endeavor to resolve such disagreements within
30 days after the date on which the Resolution Accountants are engaged or as soon thereafter as possible. The calculation of Actual Working
Capital by the Resolution Accountants (which will be delivered in writing to Purchaser and Sellers Representative) will be conclusive
and binding on the parties, except in the case of fraud or manifest clerical error. The fees and expenses of the Resolution Accountants
will be borne by Sellers, on the one hand, and Purchaser, on the other hand, based upon the inverse proportion of the dollar value of
the disputed items and amounts resolved in favor of such party(ies), such that the more successful party(ies) bears a lesser amount of
such fees and expenses. 

5 

Section 1.4 Payments of
the Note Amount . 

(a) 
 On the second (2nd) anniversary of the Closing Date (the First Note Payment Date ), subject to Sections
1.4(c) and 1.4(d) , the Purchaser shall, as payment of principal under the Note, pay to the Sellers Representative, by
wire transfer of immediately available funds to the bank account designated in writing by Sellers Representative cash in an amount
equal to the difference between (1) 1,300,000 and (2) an amount equal to the Note Amount, less any amounts then subject to any claims
against the Note Amount disputed by the Sellers Representative in accordance with Section 1.2(b) or with respect to which
insurance proceeds are then being sought in accordance with Section 6.4(h) (such disbursed amount, the First Note Payment );
 provided , that if the amount determined pursuant to the preceding clause (2) is less than 1,300,000, then no payment on the First
Note Payment Date shall be made pursuant to this Section 1.4(a) . Within one Business Day after receipt of any First Note Payment,
the Sellers Representative shall distribute such funds to Sellers by delivery of wire transfer of immediately available funds in
the proportions set forth on Schedule III . To the extent there are any claims for set-off against the Note Amount disputed by the
Sellers Representative in accordance with Section 1.2(b) or with respect to which insurance proceeds are then being sought
in accordance with Section 6.4(h) as of the First Note Payment Date, the amount of such disputed claim or sought insurance proceeds
shall not be paid to the Sellers Representative or deducted from the Note Amount by the Purchaser until such time as the applicable
dispute is settled in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or such insurance proceeds are received, at which time, the Purchaser
shall, if applicable, deduct the amount from the Note Amount or pay the funds held relating to such dispute (or such applicable portion
there) in accordance with such settlement or the amount of such insurance proceeds so received. 

(b) 
 On the third (3rd) anniversary of the Closing Date (the Second Note Payment Date ), subject to Sections
1.4(c) and 1.4(d) , the Purchaser shall, as payment of principal under the Note, pay to the Sellers Representative, by
wire transfer of immediately available funds to the bank account designated in writing by the Sellers Representative the then remaining
Note Amount not then subject to any claims disputed by the Sellers Representative in accordance with Section 1.2(b) or with
respect to which insurance proceeds are then being sought in accordance with Section 6.4(h) (such amount, the Second
Note Payment ). Within one Business Day after receipt of any Second Note Payment, the Sellers Representative shall distribute
such funds to Sellers by delivery of wire transfer of immediately available funds in the proportions set forth on Schedule III .
To the extent there are any claims for set-off against the Note Amount disputed by the Sellers Representative in accordance with
 Section 1.2(b) or with respect to which insurance proceeds are then being sought in accordance with Section 6.4(h) as of
the Second Note Payment Date, the amount of such disputed claim or sought insurance proceeds shall not be paid to the Sellers Representative
or deducted from the Note Amount by the Purchaser until such time as the applicable dispute is settled in accordance with the terms of
this Agreement or such insurance proceeds are received, at which time, the Purchaser shall, if applicable, deduct the amount from the
Note Amount or pay the funds held relating to such dispute (or such applicable portion there) in accordance with such settlement or the
amount of such insurance proceeds so received. 

(c) 
 The Note Amount shall be decreased by any amounts used to (i) support the indemnification obligations of the Sellers in accordance
with Section 6.5 hereof or (ii) support the Sellers obligations pursuant to Section 1.3 and Section 5.1(c) 
hereof. 

(d) If Collins is
terminated by the Company for Cause (as such term is defined in the CEO Employment Agreement) or due to his Disability (as such term
is defined in the CEO Employment Agreement), or resigns from his role with the Company without Good Reason (as such term is defined
in, and as determined in accordance with, the CEO Employment Agreement) at any time prior to the Second Note Payment Date when no
Event of Default (as defined in the Note) has occurred and is continuing, the Note shall be cancelled its entirety. The Note Amount
then remaining at the time of such cancellation shall be a reduction to the Purchase Price. The parties acknowledge and agree that
the cancellation of the Note resulting from the events described in the immediately preceding sentence does not constitute a penalty
and that, having negotiated in good faith for the retention of such funds and having agreed that such amount is reasonable in light
of the anticipated harm caused and the difficulties of proof of loss and inconvenience or nonfeasibility of obtaining any adequate
remedy, are estopped from contesting the validity or enforceability of such agreed-upon damages. 

6 

(e) 
 Purchaser acknowledges that in the event that the Sellers exercise their right pursuant to the Guaranty and Security Agreement
to foreclose upon the collateral of the Company as a result of a breach by Purchaser of its obligations pursuant to the Note, then the
Company s inability to continuously operate its business based upon the lawful exercise of the Sellers rights to foreclose
upon the Company s collateral pursuant to the Guaranty and Security Agreement shall not constitute grounds for termination by the
Company of Collins for Cause (as defined in the CEO Employment Agreement) or a resignation by Collins without Good Reason (as defined
in the CEO Employment Agreement). 

Section 1.5 Tax
Withholding . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Purchaser shall be entitled to deduct and
withhold, or cause to be deducted or withheld, from any amounts otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement to any Person such
amounts as it is required to deduct and withhold with respect to the making of such payment under the Code and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder, or any provision of state, local or foreign Tax Law. To the extent that amounts are so withheld,
such withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the Person in respect of which such
deduction and withholding was made. 

Article
II 
Representations and Warranties of THE Company 

In order to induce Purchaser
to enter into this Agreement and consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Transaction Documents (the Transactions ),
the Company represents and warrants to Purchaser that as of the Closing Date: 

Section 2.1 Organization
and Power of the Company; Capitalization . 

(a) 
 The Company is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of California. The Company
has all necessary power and authority to own, lease and operate its assets and properties and conduct its Business as it is presently
being conducted. The Company has made available to Purchaser true, correct and complete copies of its Organizational Documents in effect
as of the Closing. The Company is duly qualified or registered as a foreign entity to transact Business under the Laws of each jurisdiction
where it holds any assets, property or otherwise conducts the Business. Schedule 2.1(a) contains a true, correct and complete list
of the jurisdictions in which the Company is qualified or registered to do Business as a foreign entity. 

(b) Schedule 2.1(b) 
accurately and completely sets forth the capital structure of the Company, including the number and classes of shares of capital stock
(or any other securities that are convertible or exchangeable into equity interests of the Company or other agreements giving any Person
rights to acquire or vote any equity interests of the Company) which are authorized and which are issued and outstanding and the names
of the holders of such issued and outstanding equity interests. The Company does not own, directly or indirectly, any equity interests
or other securities in any other Person. 

(c) Except as set forth on Schedule
2.1(c) , there is no: (i) outstanding subscription, option, call, conversion right, phantom equity, warrant or any other related
right (whether or not currently exercisable) to acquire any equity interest of the Company; (ii) outstanding security, instrument,
or obligation that is or may become convertible into or exchangeable for any equity interests of the Company; (iii) contract under
which the Company is or may become obligated to sell or otherwise issue any ownership interest in, or any other securities or equity
interests of, the Company; or (iv) condition or circumstance that may directly or indirectly give rise to or provide a basis for the
assertion of a claim by any Person to the effect that such Person is entitled to acquire or receive any ownership interest in, or
other securities or equity interests of, the Company. Except for this Agreement, each Seller has not granted any Person any proxy or
other right with respect to the equity interests of the Company. The Company does not own or control, directly or indirectly, equity
interests in any Person. 

7 

Section 2.2 Due
Authorization; Enforceability . The execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement and each of the other
Transaction Documents to which the Company is a party and the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder and thereunder
and the consummation of the Transactions have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary actions, including by the
Company s board of directors and its shareholders. This Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to which the
Company is a party constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its
terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws affecting creditors rights
and remedies generally, and subject, as to enforceability, to general principles of equity, including principles of commercial
reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding at law or in equity). 

Section 2.3 No
Conflict; Consents . The execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to
which it is a party and the consummation by the Company of the Transactions do not and will not: (a) except as provided in Schedule
2.3 , violate the terms of any contract or Permit to which the Company is a party or by which the Company is bound, or be in
conflict with, result in a breach of, constitute (upon the giving of notice or lapse of time or both) a default under or give rise
to any termination or acceleration rights (or any other rights adverse to the Company) under any such Contract or Permit or result
in the creation of any Encumbrance upon any of the Company s assets; (b) violate any Law applicable to the Company; or (c)
violate or conflict with any provision of the Organizational Documents of the Company. The Company is not required to obtain any
consent from or provide any notice to any third party (including any Governmental Entity) in connection with the execution and
delivery of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which it is a party or the consummation of the Transactions. 

Section 2.4 Compliance
with Laws; Permits . 

(a) 
 Since January 1, 2020, the Company has been and has conducted its Business in material compliance with all applicable Laws. The
Company has not received any notice of being in violation of, or under any investigation with respect to, any applicable Law, agency agreement,
order, proceeding penalty or fine entered by any Governmental Entity relating to the operations of its Business. The Company has not,
and the Sellers have not on behalf of the Company, directly or indirectly engaged in any transactions with, or exported, reexported, or
transferred any items or services, whether whole or in part, to, Crimea, Cuba, Donetsk People s Republic, Iran, Luhansk People s
Republic, North Korea, and Syria, or parties subject to restrictions under U.S. international trade Laws, including the Export Administration
Regulations (15 C.F.R. Part 730 et seq.) and the economic sanctions regulations administered by the U.S. Department of Treasury s
Office of Foreign Assets Control, in violation of such Laws. 

(b) Schedule 2.4(b) 
is a true, correct and complete list of all Permits held by the Company. The Company possesses and is in compliance with all Permits
required to conduct its Business, except where such non-compliance would not have an adverse effect on the Company or the ability of
the Company to maintain or renew the Permit. All such Permits are valid, binding and in full force and effect and free and clear of
any Encumbrance. The Company is not in default under, and no condition exists that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would
constitute a default under, any such Permit. There has occurred no violation of, default under or any other event or circumstance
giving any Person any right to terminate, revoke, amend, cancel or refuse to renew any Permit and the Company has taken all actions
to maintain the Permits of the Company (including by making all necessary filings and paying all necessary fees to maintain such
Permit). There are no Actions pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened, that could be reasonably expected to result
in the termination, revocation, rescission, cancellation or suspension, failure to renew or any adverse modification of any
Permit. 

8 

Section 2.5 Financial
Statements; Undisclosed Liabilities ; Current Liabilities . 

(a) 
 Attached hereto as Schedule 2.5(a) are true, correct and complete copies of the balance sheets of the Company as of November
30, 2022 (the Balance Sheet and December 31, 2021 (such date, the Financial Statements Date and income statement and statement of cash flows of the Company for the eleven-month period ended November 30, 2022 and the year ended
December 31, 2021. The financial statements referred to herein are collectively referred to as the Financial Statements . 
The Financial Statements do not include the financial results of any other business other than the Company. 

(b) 
 The Financial Statements (i) have been prepared from the books and records of the Company, which such books and records have been
maintained on a basis consistent with the historical accounting methods of the Company s past practices, and (ii) fairly present
in all material respects the financial condition of the Company as of the dates indicated, and the results of its operations for the periods
indicated, in each case, in accordance with the historical accounting methods of the Company consistently applied and the Company s
past practices. The books and records of the Company are true, correct and complete and have been maintained in accordance with sound
business practices sufficient to provide reasonable assurances regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
the Financial Statements. 

(c) 
 The Company has no Liability that is not fully reflected or reserved against in the Balance Sheet, except for Liabilities that
have been incurred since the date of the Balance Sheet in the Ordinary Course consistent with past practices and that are not, individually
or in the aggregate, material in amount. 

(d) 
 All accounts receivable of the Company (i) are valid, existing and collectible in a manner consistent with the Company s
past practice (without resort to Actions or collection agencies), (ii) represent monies due for goods sold and delivered or services rendered
in the Ordinary Course and (iii) except to the extent consistent in all material respects with the Company s past collection practices,
are not and will not be subject to any refund or adjustment or any defense, right of set-off, assignment, restriction, security interest
or other Encumbrance. To the Knowledge of the Company, the debtors to which the accounts receivables relate are not in or subject to a
bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding and none of the accounts receivables has been made subject to an assignment for the benefit of creditors.
All such accounts receivables are current and there are no disputes regarding the collectability of any such accounts receivables. All
of the accounts receivable and payable of the Company arose from bona fide transactions in the Ordinary Course. 

Section 2.6 
 Real Property . The Company is not, and has never been, the owner of any real property. Except as set forth on Schedule
2.6 (the Leased Real Property ), the Company is not, and has never been, party to a Contract to lease real property
and has never leased real property. The Company has no Liabilities relating to real property. 

Section 2.7 Change
in Business . Except as set forth in Schedule 2.7 , since the Financial Statements Date and through the Closing
Date, 

(a) 
 the Business has been operated in the Ordinary Course; 

(b) 
 there has not been a material adverse effect on the Business; 

(c) 
 there has not been any material damage, destruction, loss or casualty to any assets or properties of the Company, whether or not
covered by insurance; 

(d) the Company has not
(i) incurred any Indebtedness or issued any long-term debt securities or assumed, guaranteed or endorsed such obligations of any
other Person, (ii) made any loans, capital contributions, investments or advances to, or made any guarantees or other endorsements
or incurred any liabilities (whether directly, contingently or otherwise) for the benefit of, any Persons, (iii) issued any equity
securities, warrants, stock options or other equity awards or (iv) increased any reserves for contingent liabilities (excluding any
adjustment to bad debt reserves in the Ordinary Course); 

9 

(e) 
 the Company has not (i) acquired, or disposed of, any material property or assets; or (ii) mortgaged or encumbered any of its assets,
other than with respect to Permitted Encumbrances; 

(f) 
 the Company has not forgiven any loans of, released from Liability, or made any payments to any Affiliated Person of the Sellers,
or such Person s Affiliates, shareholders, partners, directors, officers, employees or agents; 

(g) 
 except to the extent required by Law or any existing Contracts, the Company has not entered into, adopted, amended or terminated
any Contract relating to the compensation or severance of any employee of the Company, other than pursuant to annual compensation reviews
in the Ordinary Course; 

(h) 
 the Company has not made any change to its accounting (including Tax accounting) methods, principles or practices, except as may
be required by GAAP or applicable Law; 

(i) except as set forth on Schedule 2.7(i), the Company has not (i) made or granted any material bonus or any material compensation
(including incentive compensation) or salary increase, or paid or agreed to pay any material benefit to, including severance or termination
pay (except as may be required by any existing Employee Benefit Plan), to any current (or former) manager, director, officer or employee,
(ii) made or granted any material increase in the coverage or benefits under any Employee Benefit Plan, or amended or terminated any existing
Employee Benefit Plan (except as required by Law), (iii) adopted any new Employee Benefit Plan or (iv) terminated the employment of any
of its officers or key employees; 

(j) the Company has not (i) written off as uncollectible any material guaranteed check, note or account receivable or portion thereof,
except in the Ordinary Course or (ii) written down the value of any material asset or material investment on the books or records of the
Company, except for depreciation and amortization in the Ordinary Course; 

(k) 
 the Company has maintained its books and records and working capital, cash management and collections practices in the Ordinary
Course; 

(l) the Company has not (i) cancelled or compromised Indebtedness or claim, (ii) waived or released any material right of material
value or (iii) instituted, settled or agreed to settle any material Action; 

(m) the Company has not (i) agreed to provide a labor organization access to its employees, (ii) agreed to any neutrality Contract
or other similar Contract with any labor organization, (iii) agreed to any voluntary recognition of, or card check with, any labor organization
or the National Labor Relations Board or (iv) effectuated a plant closing or mass layoff (as those terms are
defined under the WARN Act) affecting in whole or in part any site of employment, facility, operating unit or employees of the Company; 

(n) 
 the Company has not made, amended or revoked any Tax elections, changed any Tax accounting method, filed any amended Tax Returns,
entered into any closing agreement, settled any Tax claim, audit or assessment, consented to the extension or waiver of the limitation
period applicable to any claim or assessment in respect of Taxes, or surrendered any right to claim a Tax refund; 

(o) 
 the Company has not declared, paid or set aside for payment any dividend or distribution on its capital stock or other ownership
interests; and 

(p) 
 the Company has not agreed to do any of the foregoing. 

10 

Section 2.8 Litigation . Commencing from the date of Company s incorporation, there have been, and there are, no Actions brought by or pending or, to the
Knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company, any or its respective officers, managers, members, directors, employees, agents
or Affiliates, or the Business, nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, does there exist any fact which might reasonably be expected to
give rise to any such Action. Neither the Company nor any of its assets is subject to any order, writ, judgment, award, injunction or
decree of any Governmental Entity. 

Section 2.9 Title;
Sufficiency of Assets . 

(a) 
 All of the Company s Assets are set forth in Schedule 2.9(a)(i) . The Company has good and marketable title to, or
in the case of leased property has a valid leasehold interest in, all of its assets free and clear of any Encumbrances (other than any
Permitted Encumbrances), except as set forth in Schedule 2.9(a)(ii) . All certificates of title and registrations for any automobiles,
trucks, trailers, equipment, and other vehicles owned by the Company are in the name of the Company or used in the Business. 

(b) 
 No Person (other than the Purchaser by reason of this Agreement) has any contractual or other right of first refusal or any other
right or option to acquire any assets of the Company or any portion thereof. 

(c) 
 All of the Tangible Property (i) is located as set forth in Schedule 2.9(c) ; (ii) is in good operating condition and repair
(ordinary wear and tear excepted) and has been adequately maintained; (iii) is adequate for the purposes for which it is being used without
present need for repair or replacement except for ordinary, routine maintenance and repairs that are not material in nature or cost; and
(iv) conforms in all material respects with all applicable Legal Requirements. 

(d) 
 The Company s assets are sufficient for the continued conduct of the Company and operation of the Business after the Closing
in substantially the same manner as conducted prior to the Closing and constitute all of the rights, property, and assets necessary to
conduct or operate the Company s Business as currently conducted or operated. Except for Leased Real Property and assets to which
Purchaser is acquiring requisite rights under the Transaction Documents, no assets (including any Intellectual Property), rights, Contracts
or employees of any Affiliate of any Seller are used in the Business as currently or historically conducted or are required to operate
the Business after the Closing in the same manner as conducted prior to the Closing. 

Section 2.10 Contracts . 

(a) 
 Set forth on Schedule 2.10(a) is true, correct and complete list of the following Contracts to which the Company is a party
or by which the Company or the assets of the Company are bound (all such listed contracts required to be so listed, the Material
Contracts ): 

(i) 
 all Contracts for Indebtedness (including any contracts for the guarantee of any other Person s Indebtedness) and all contracts
granting any Person an Encumbrance on any part of any Asset; 

(ii) 
 all leases relating to personal property and the Leased Real Property; 

(iii) 
 all Contracts relating to any Company Intellectual Property; 

(iv) 
 all Contracts that (A) limit or restrict the Company or any of its officers, directors, members, managers, employees, partners
or other equityholders, agents or representatives (in their capacity as such) from engaging in any business or other activity in any jurisdiction;
(B) create or purport to create any exclusive or preferential relationship or arrangement; (C) otherwise restrict or limit the ability
of the Company to operate or expand the Business; (D) limit the freedom of the Company to solicit, hire or employ any Person; (E) contain
a most favored nation provision; or (F) impose, or purport to impose, any such obligations or restrictions on Affiliates
of the Company; 

11 

(v) 
 all Contracts for the sale of any assets of the Company, or granting any Person an option or first refusal, first-offer or similar
preferential right to purchase or acquire any such assets; 

(vi) all Contracts
with customers and all contracts otherwise contemplating payment to the Company in excess of 50,000 on an annual basis (other than work
or purchase orders); 

(vii) all
Contracts with vendors, suppliers and subcontractors and all requiring payment to any Person in excess of 50,000 on an annual basis
(other than work or purchase orders); 

(viii) all
Contracts for the granting or receiving of a license, sublicense or franchise or under which any Person is obligated to pay or has
the right to receive a royalty, license fee, franchise fee or similar payment; 

(ix) all Contracts
with Governmental Entities; 

(x) 
 all contracts with Affiliates or Affiliated Persons of the Company or any Seller (including all inter-company contracts between
the Company and any Seller); 

(xi) all Contracts
with employees, directors, consultants or contractors of the Company; 

(xii) all powers
of attorney or similar grant of agency executed by the Company; 

(xiii) all
collective bargaining agreements or any similar Contracts; 

(xiv) all
Contracts which commit the Company to enter into any of the foregoing; and 

(xv) all
other Contracts that are material to the operation of the Company. 

(b) 
 True, correct and complete copies of all Material Contracts (including all amendments thereto), or true, correct and complete written
descriptions of all material terms of all oral Material Contracts (including all amendments thereto), have been made available to Purchaser
by the Company. All of the Material Contracts are in full force and effect and are valid, binding and enforceable against the parties
thereto in accordance with their terms. No default or event of default by the Company, or, to the Knowledge of the Company, any other
party thereto exists under any of the Material Contracts and there are no discussions regarding the modification of any Material Contract
or the entrance into any new Contract that would have been a Material Contract if entered into prior to the Closing. The Company is not
participating in any discussions or negotiations regarding (i) the modification of, or amendment to, any Material Contract, or (ii) the
entering into of any new Material Contract, other than in the Ordinary Course. No event or circumstance has occurred that, with notice
or lapse of time or both, would constitute an event of default under any Material Contract or result in a termination thereof or would
cause or permit the acceleration or other changes of any right or obligation or the loss of any benefit thereunder. 

Section 2.11 Tax
Returns and Payments; Tax Liens . 

(a) 
 All Tax Returns of the Company required to have been filed in accordance with any applicable Law have been timely filed and are
true, correct and complete in all material respects. The Company has paid all Taxes due and payable by it (whether or not shown or required
to be shown on any Tax Return), or pursuant to any assessment received by the Company. 

(b) Schedule
2.11(b) contains a true, correct and complete list of all Tax Returns of the Company for any Taxable period beginning on or
after the formation of the Company that have been audited, or that are currently under audit and accurately describes any
deficiencies or other amounts that have been asserted and whether such deficiencies or other amounts were paid or are currently
being contested, and, to the Knowledge of the Company, no undisclosed deficiencies are expected to be asserted with respect to any
such audit. With respect to any Taxable period of the Company, no other claims have been asserted and no proposals or deficiencies
for any Taxes of the Company are being asserted, proposed or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened, and no audit or
investigation of any Tax Return of the Company is currently underway, pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened. No
claim has ever been made by a Taxing authority in a jurisdiction in which the Company does not file Tax Returns that it is or may be
subject to taxation by that jurisdiction. 

12 

(c) 
 The Company has withheld and paid all Taxes required to have been withheld and paid in connection with amounts paid or owing to
any employee, independent contractor, creditor, equity holder or other third party and has complied in all material respects with any
information reporting requirement in connection with such payments. 

(d) 
 There are no waivers or Contracts by or on behalf of the Company for the extension of time for the assessment of any Taxes or deficiency
thereof, nor are there any requests for rulings, subpoenas or requests for information, notice of proposed reassessment of any property
owned or leased by the Company or any other material matter pending between the Company and any Taxing authority. 

(e) 
 There are no, and there are not any pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened Encumbrances against any property of
the Company for Taxes (other than Encumbrances for Taxes not yet due and payable). 

(f) 
 The Company has made available to Purchaser true, correct and complete copies of all Tax Returns (together with any examination
or audit work papers) for the all Taxable years from Company s date of incorporation. 

(g) 
 The Company has not been a member of an affiliated group filing a consolidated U.S. federal income Tax return. The Company has
no liability for Taxes of another Person under Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6 (or any corresponding provisions of state, local or
foreign Tax law), as a transferee or successor, or otherwise by operation of Law. The Company is not party to any Tax allocation, Tax
sharing, or other similar agreement with any person the subject of which is indemnification for Taxes (other than arrangements entered
into in the ordinary course of business the principal purpose of which is not primarily related to Taxes). 

(h) 
 The Company has not been a distributing corporation or a controlled corporation in a distribution intended
to qualify in whole or in part under Section 355 of the Code. 

(i) 
 The Company has not participated in a listed transaction within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.6011-4(b)(2).
The Company has properly disclosed on its Tax Returns any participation in a reportable transaction within the meaning of
Treasury Regulation Section 1.6011-4(b). 

(j) The Company will not be required to include any item of income in, or exclude any item of deduction from, taxable income for any
period (or any portion thereof) beginning after the Closing Date as a result of (i) a change in or incorrect method of accounting occurring
prior to the Closing, (ii) an installment sale or open transaction arising or entered into in a taxable period (or portion thereof) ending
on or before the Closing Date, (iii) a prepaid amount received or deferred revenue realized on or prior to the Closing Date, (iv) a closing
agreement as described in Section 7121 of the Code (or any corresponding or similar provision of state or local income Tax Law)
executed on or prior to the Closing Date, (v) any intercompany transactions or any excess loss account described in Treasury Regulations
under Section 1502 of the Code (or any corresponding or similar provision of state or local income Tax Law), or (vi) any election under
Section 108(i) or 965 of the Code. 

(k) 
 The Company uses the accrual method of accounting for income Tax purposes. 

13 

(l) 
 The Company does not own an interest, directly or indirectly, in any joint venture, partnership, limited liability company, association,
or other entity or arrangement that is treated as a partnership for federal, state or local income Tax purposes. 

(m) No
Tax holiday or Tax incentive granted by a Governmental Entity in any jurisdiction with respect to the Company will terminate (or be subject
to a clawback or recapture that is payable by Purchaser) as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

(n) 
 The Company has not deferred any payroll Taxes or availed itself of any of the Tax deferral, credits or benefits pursuant to any
change in applicable Law in connection with COVID-19 that has the result of temporarily reducing (or temporarily delaying the due date
of) otherwise applicable payment obligations of any Person to any Governmental Entity. 

Section 2.12 No
Broker or Finder; Fees . Except as otherwise provided in Schedule 2.12 , the Company has not employed any broker, finder
or investment banker or incurred any Liability for any investment banking fees, financial advisory fees, brokerage fees or finders 
fees in connection with the Transactions. 

Section 2.13 Intellectual
Property . 

(a) 
 Schedule 2.13(a) sets forth a true, correct and complete list of all Company-Owned Intellectual Property Rights that are
Registered Intellectual Property Rights Company Registered Intellectual Property Rights ), including for each item:
(i) the current owner; (ii) the jurisdiction of application or registration; (iii) the application or registration number, and where applicable,
the title; and (iv) the date of filing or registration. The Company is current in the payment of all registration, maintenance and renewal
fees with respect to the Company Registered Intellectual Property Rights. There are no actions that must be taken by the Company or Seller
within one hundred and twenty (120) days of the date hereof, including the payment of any registration, maintenance or renewal fees, or
the filing of any documents, applications or certificates, for the purposes of maintaining, perfecting, preserving or renewing any Company
Registered Intellectual Property Rights. The Company owns and has good and exclusive title to all Company-Owned Intellectual Property
Rights free and clear of any Encumbrances. Without limiting the foregoing, (A) the Company has sole, clear and unencumbered title to each
item of material Company Registered Intellectual Property Rights, (B) all such Company Registered Intellectual Property Rights have been
assigned in writing to the Company, and (C) all assignments of Company Registered Intellectual Property Rights to the Company have been
properly executed and recorded. To the Knowledge of the Company, the Company Registered Intellectual Property Rights are valid and enforceable. 

(b) 
 The Company owns or otherwise possesses legally enforceable and sufficient licenses or rights to all Intellectual Property Rights
and other intangible assets necessary to conduct the Business of the Company immediately following the Closing in all material respects
in substantially the same manner as such Business is conducted as of the date hereof. The Company may exercise, transfer, or license the
Company-Owned Intellectual Property Rights and such other intangible assets owned, or purported to be owned, by, or licensed to, the Company
without material restriction or material payment to any Person and no Person other than the Company has the right to license or grant
rights to any Company-Owned Intellectual Property Rights to any third Person. Neither this Agreement nor any of the transactions contemplated
hereby will restrict or impair the right of the Company to transfer, alienate, enforce or license any Company-Owned Intellectual Property
Rights or other such material intangible asset owned, or purported to be owned, by the Company as such right exists as of the date hereof. 

14 

(c) To the Knowledge of
the Company, the operation of the Business of the Company as currently conducted as of the date hereof, and as will be conducted
immediately following the Closing, and the operation of the Business of the Company as previously conducted since January 1, 2016,
does not infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate, and has not infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated, the
Intellectual Property Rights of any other Person. Except as set forth on Schedule 2.13(c) , neither the Company nor any Seller
has received any written notice since January 1, 2016 alleging that the operation of the Business of the Company infringes,
misappropriates, violates or otherwise conflicts with the Intellectual Property Rights of any other Person. There is no pending or,
to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened Proceeding, and since January 1, 2016 there has been no Proceeding, whether against the
Company or any third party, (i) involving any Company Intellectual Property Rights; (ii) alleging that the activities or the conduct
of the Company, or the possession or use of any Company Intellectual Property Rights by any customer or other licensee of the
Company, does or will infringe upon, violate or constitute the unauthorized use of the Intellectual Property Rights of any third
party; or (iii) opposing or challenging the ownership, use, validity, enforceability or registrability of any Company Intellectual
Property Rights, and, to the Knowledge of the Company, nor is there any reasonable basis for any such Proceeding. There are no
settlements, forbearances to sue, consent judgments or Orders or similar obligations binding upon the Company or, to the Knowledge
of the Company, upon any third party, which (A) adversely affect the Company s rights in or the Company s rights to use
any Company Intellectual Property Rights, (B) restrict the Company or any of the Company s customers or licensees in any way
in order to accommodate a third party s Intellectual Property Rights, or (C) permit a third party to use any Company-Owned
Intellectual Property Rights. To the Knowledge of the Company, since January 1, 2020 there has not been, and as of the date hereof,
there is not, any unauthorized use, infringement, misappropriation, or other violation by any other Person, or written allegation
thereof made by the Company or Sellers, of any Company-Owned Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and Sellers have taken commercially
reasonable steps to protect and maintain all Trade Secrets included in the Company Intellectual Property Rights, and to the Knowledge of
the Company, there have been no material unauthorized uses or disclosures of any such Trade Secrets. 

(d) 
 There are no royalties, fees, honoraria or other payments payable by the Company to any Person by reason of the ownership, development,
use, license, sale or disposition of any Company Intellectual Property Rights, other than license fees owed pursuant to those written
agreements listed in Schedule 2.13(d) and non-exclusive licenses to off-the-shelf software available for an aggregate fee of less
than 10,000, in each case, in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices. 

(e) 
 Except as set forth on Schedule 2.13(e) , the Company has written agreements with all current and former advisors, employees,
founders, independent contractors and consultants who independently or jointly contributed to or participated in the conception, reduction
to practice, development, or other creation of any Company-Owned Intellectual Property Rights (each, a Contributor ),
pursuant to which such Contributors have all assigned to Company unencumbered and unrestricted exclusive ownership of all the Contributor s
right, title, and interest in such contribution (to the extent such rights did not otherwise vest with Company under applicable law).
No Contributor owns or, to the Knowledge of the Company, claims any rights, licenses, claims or interest whatsoever with respect to any
material Company-Owned Intellectual Property Rights developed by the Contributor for the Company. 

(f) 
 Neither this Agreement nor any of the transactions contemplated hereby will cause (i) the forfeiture or termination of, or give
rise to a right of forfeiture or termination of any Company Intellectual Property Right, (ii) the grant of any rights or licenses to any
Company-Owned Intellectual Property Right or any Intellectual Property Rights owned by any Seller and used in the Business, or (iii) additional
payment obligations by the Company in order to use or exploit any Intellectual Property Rights to the same extent as the Company was before
the date of this Agreement. 

(g) To the Knowledge of
the Company, the IT Assets do not contain any undisclosed disabling code or instruction, time bomb, Trojan
horse, back door, trap door, worm, virus, malware, bug, fault, security
vulnerability or other software routine, in any case that would reasonably be expected to interfere with the conduct of the Business
or present a risk of unauthorized access, disclosure, use, corruption, destruction or loss of any Protected Information. The Company
and its Affiliates have implemented and maintained organizational, administrative, physical and technical safeguards reasonably
necessary to ensure the continued, uninterrupted and error-free operation of the IT Assets, including employing commercially
reasonable security, maintenance, disaster recovery, redundancy, backup, archiving and virus or malicious device scanning/protection
measures. 

15 

(h) 
 The Business and Sellers and their respective Affiliates receipt, collection, monitoring, maintenance, hosting, creation,
transmission, use, analysis, disclosure, storage, disposal, security and other processing, as the case may be, of Protected Information
and, to the Knowledge of each Seller, any such activities performed or handled by authorized third parties on behalf of any Seller or
any of its Affiliates, is, and at all times has been, in material compliance, with: (i) all Privacy Policies, (ii) all applicable Privacy
Laws, (iii) any consents, authorizations, and privacy choices (including opt-out preferences) communicated to Seller or its Affiliates
in writing with respect to the conduct of the Business, (iv) the PCI-DSS, and (v) provisions governing privacy, data protection, or information
security matters in any Contracts to which Seller or any of its Affiliates is a party. Each Seller and its Affiliates have taken commercially
reasonable measures designed to ensure that Protected Information in their possession, custody or control in connection with the conduct
of the Business is protected against loss, damage, and unauthorized access, use or modification. Seller and its Affiliates do not sell,
rent, or otherwise make available to third parties any Protected Information submitted by individuals in connection with the conduct of
the Business. Seller and its Affiliates have all rights, authority, consents and authorizations necessary to receive, access, use and
disclose the Protected Information in their possession or under their control in connection with the conduct of the Business as presently
conducted. Other than as constrained by the Privacy Policy or Privacy Laws, Seller and its Affiliates are not restricted in their use
or distribution of Personal Information in connection with the conduct of the Business. 

(i) 
 To the Knowledge of the Company, no Person has gained unauthorized access to or engaged in unauthorized processing of: (i) any
Protected Information related to the conduct of the Business in the possession or control of the Company or any other Person on its behalf;
or (ii) any databases, computers, servers, storage media (e.g., backup tapes), network devices or other devices or systems that process
Protected Information owned or maintained by the Company, its consumers, customers, subcontractors or vendors, or any other Persons on
their behalf (each, a Security Breach ). 

(j) No Person has, to the Knowledge
of Seller, as of the date hereof, made any written complaint or claim against Seller or any of its Affiliates or commenced any proceeding
by or before any Governmental Authority or arbitration body against Seller or any of its Affiliates, in each case, with respect to (i) any
alleged violation of Privacy Laws by Seller or any of its Affiliates or any third party in relation to such third party s collection,
maintenance, storage, use, processing, disclosure, security, transfer or disposal of Protected Information on behalf of Seller or any
of its Affiliates, (ii) any of Seller s or any of its Affiliates privacy or data security policies, representations
or practices with respect to Protected Information, including any loss, damage or unauthorized access, acquisition, use, disclosure,
modification, processing, or other misuse of any Protected Information, or (iii) any provisions governing privacy, data protection, or
information security matters in any Contracts to which Seller or any of its Affiliates is a party. 

(k) Seller and its
Affiliates have contractually obligated in writing each third party service provider and subcontractor they engage to service, host,
manage, access or otherwise process Protected Information in connection with the conduct of the Business to: (i) take reasonable
steps to protect and secure from unauthorized disclosure such Protected Information acquired from or with respect to Seller and its
Affiliates, including implementing an appropriate information security program that includes reasonable administrative, technical
and physical safeguards to protect the applicable data and/or systems; (ii) restrict use of such Protected Information acquired from
or with respect to Seller and its Affiliates to those authorized to use such Protected Information or who require the use of such
Protected Information in order to perform the applicable services for Seller and its Affiliates; (iii) prohibit third parties from
further outsourcing services or transferring such Protected Information outside of the United States; (iv) afford Seller, its
Affiliates and their respective representatives access to the places of business and systems of such third party to audit compliance
with such contractual obligation; (v) comply with applicable Privacy Laws; (vi) comply with all terms and conditions of any
Contracts to which Seller or any of its Affiliates is a party that are applicable to the activities performed by such third party
service provider; and (vii) certify or guarantee the return or adequate disposal or destruction of such Protected Information. 

16 

Section 2.14 Employees . 

(a) 
 Schedule 2.14(a) sets forth a true, correct and complete list of all employees and independent contractors of the Company,
including any employees or independent contractor of any Affiliate of the Company used in the Business, as of the date hereof (the Business
Employees ), including thereon the name, date of hire or engagement, work location by city and state, job title, the current
hourly or annualized aggregate compensation of each employee, any accrued bonuses, commissions or other forms of incentive compensation,
if applicable, amounts of sick and vacation leave that is accrued and unused and whether the Company classifies the employee as exempt
or nonexempt under the Fair Labor Standards Act and any other applicable wage and hour Law. For all workers engaged as independent contractors
of the Company as of the Closing Date, Schedule 2.14(a) also sets forth a brief description of the nature of the services provided.
Except those specified on Schedule 2.7 , there are no outstanding obligations of the Company relating to severance or termination
pay to any employees of the Company. All individuals employed by the Company have timely, accurately and properly completed Form I-9s
indicating that they are lawfully permitted to work in the United States. All individuals employed by the Company are lawfully permitted
to work in the United States. Commencing from the Company s date of incorporation, the Company has not received a notification from
the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, the Social Security Administration or any other Governmental Entity that the social security
number it has for one or more employees does not match the records of such Governmental Entity. The Company is and has been in compliance
with all applicable Laws regarding employment, fair labor practices, wage, hours, discrimination, occupational safety and health standards,
immigration and employment of non citizen workers (including all Form I-9 requirements and other documentation requirements with respect
thereto). There are no outstanding agreements, understandings, or commitments of the Company with respect to any compensation, commissions,
or bonuses that have not been made available to Purchaser. 

(b) 
 Except as set forth on Schedule 2.14(b) , (i) the Company has not been a party to any collective bargaining or similar agreement,
(ii) the Company has not engaged in any unfair labor practice within the meaning of the National Labor Relations Act, and there is no
pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened complaint regarding any alleged unfair labor practices as so defined, (iii) to
the Knowledge of the Company, there has not been any employees seeking to organize for the purpose of collective bargaining, (iv) there
is no strike, labor dispute, work slowdown or stoppage pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company, (v)
there is no grievance or arbitration proceeding arising out of or under any collective bargaining agreement which is pending or, to the
Knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company, (vi) the Company has not experienced any material work stoppage, (vii) the Company
is not the subject of any union organization effort, (viii) there are no Action pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened
against the Company related to the status of any individual as an independent contractor or employee and (ix) the Company has complied
in all respects with the WARN Act and the Company has not implemented or been involved in any mass layoff or plant
closing (as defined under the WARN Act). All employees of the Company that are classified as exempt under applicable employment
Laws satisfy the requirements of such Laws to be classified as exempt and no employee classified as exempt is entitled to overtime pay
under such applicable Laws or any other Laws. 

(c) The Company is and has
been in compliance with all applicable Laws, Contracts, policies, plans and programs relating to labor and employment, including
employment practices, hiring, discharge or terms and conditions of employment, wages, hours, overtime compensation, collective
bargaining, labor relations, unemployment insurance, worker s compensation, equal employment opportunity, age and disability
discrimination, privacy, the payment withholding of Taxes and the termination of employment, occupational safety and health
standards, immigration and similar foreign, state or local Law. All individuals characterized and treated by the Company as
independent contractors or consultants are properly treated as independent contractors under all applicable Laws and Contracts.
There are no internal complaints or investigations or Actions against the Company or any of its officers, managers, members or
directors pending, or to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened to be brought or filed, by or with any Governmental Entity or
arbitrator in connection with the employment of any current or former applicant, employee, consultant or independent contractor of
the Company, including, without limitation, any claim relating to unfair labor practices, employment discrimination, harassment,
retaliation, equal pay, wage and hours or any other employment-related matter arising under applicable Laws. There are no pending
claims against the Company under any workers compensation plan or policy or for long-term disability. The Company has not
entered into any settlement agreement related to allegations of sexual harassment or sexual misconduct by or regarding any employee
or other representative of the Company. 

17 

(d) 
 Except as set forth in Schedule 2.14(d) , the employment of each employee of the Company is at will, and can
be terminated at any time without Liability to the Company. The Company is not a recipient of any outsourced or temporary labor from any
third party or contracts with a professional employer organization or similar entity. No officer, director or management level employee
of the Company has informed the Company of any plan to terminate employment, and, to the Knowledge of Seller, no such person has any plans
to terminate employment with the Company. To the Knowledge of Seller, no employee is a party to or bound by any Contract that (i) could
adversely affect the performance of his or her duties other than for the benefit of the Company, (ii) could adversely affect the ability
of the Acquired Company to conduct its businesses, (iii) restricts or limits in any way the scope or type of work in which he or she may
be engaged other than for the benefit of the Acquired Company, or (iv) requires him or her to transfer, assign or disclose information
concerning his or her work to anyone other than the Acquired Company. 

Section 2.15 Employee
Benefit Plans . 

(a) 
 Schedule 2.15(a) sets forth a true, correct and complete list of each Employee Benefit Plan maintained or contributed to
by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate (the Company Benefit Plans ). With respect to each Company Benefit Plan, the
Company has made available to Purchaser correct and complete copies of each of the following: (i) the plan document, together with all
amendments, or if unwritten, a written summary of all material plan terms; (ii) where applicable, any trust Contracts, custodial Contracts,
insurance policies and other documents establishing other funding arrangements; (iii) any summary plan descriptions, summary of material
modifications and employee handbooks; (iv) in the case of any Company Benefit Plan that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a)
of the Code, a copy of the most recent determination or opinion letter issued by the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS );
(v) all filings required to be made with any Governmental Entity during the five calendar years preceding the Closing Date; (vi) the two
most recent financial statements and actuarial valuation reports thereof; (vii) all coverage and nondiscrimination testing results for
the prior three plan years; and (viii) any materials relating to any government investigation or audit or any submission under any voluntary
compliance procedures. 

(b) 
 Except as set forth in Schedule 2.15(b) , neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate has ever maintained or been required
to contribute to, or has any liability, whether contingent or otherwise, with respect to, any Company Benefit Plan subject to Title IV
of ERISA, maintained by more than one employer within the meaning of Section 413(c) of the Code, subject to Section 412 of the Code or
Section 302 of ERISA or subject to Sections 4063 or 4064 of ERISA. Neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate has ever been required
to contribute to, or has any liability, whether contingent or otherwise, with respect to, any multiemployer plan as defined
in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA or a multiple employer welfare arrangement as defined in Section 3(40) of ERISA. No liability
under Title IV of ERISA has been or is expected to be incurred by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate. 

(c) Each Company Benefit
Plan, including any associated trust or fund, has been administered in compliance in all material respects with its terms and the
applicable requirements of ERISA, the Code and any other applicable Laws. Each Company Benefit Plan that is intended to be qualified
under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination letter or is entitled to rely on a favorable opinion letter
from the IRS with respect to the tax-qualified status of such Company Benefit Plan and the tax-exempt status of the associated
trust, and, to the Knowledge of the Company, no event has occurred and no facts or circumstances exist that would cause the IRS to
revoke or fail to issue such letter. The Company has not filed, and is not considering filing, an application under the IRS Employee
Plans Compliance Resolution System or the Department of Labor s Voluntary Fiduciary Correction Program with respect to any
Company Benefit Plan. 

18 

(d) 
 Neither the Company, nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, any other disqualified person or party in interest 
(as defined in Section 4975(e)(2) of the Code and Section 3(14) of ERISA, respectively) has engaged in any transaction with respect to
any Company Benefit Plan that would be reasonably likely to subject the Company to any Taxes or penalty (civil or otherwise) imposed by
ERISA, the Code or other applicable Law. 

(e) All contributions, assessments
and premium payments required to be made on account of each Company Benefit Plan have either been made or accrued on the financial statements
of the Company, and the Company has timely deposited all amounts withheld from employees into appropriate trusts or accounts, and no
event has occurred or condition exists that would reasonably be expected to result in a material increase in the level of such amounts
paid or accrued for the most recently ended fiscal year. There are no pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened Actions
relating to a Company Benefit Plan, other than claims for information or benefits in the Ordinary Course and, to the Knowledge of the
Company, there is no reasonable basis for any such Actions (other than such claims in the Ordinary Course). 

(f) 
 Other than as required under Section 601 et seq. of ERISA or Section 4980B of the Code, no Company Benefit Plan provides for post-employment
or retiree health, life insurance and/or other welfare benefits, and the Company does not have any obligation to provide any such benefits
to any retired or former employees or active employees following such employees retirement or termination of service. Any Company
Benefit Plan may be amended or terminated at any time by the Company without any material liability (except Ordinary Course administration
expenses). 

(g) 
 Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement nor any other Transaction Document nor the consummation of the Transactions
could (either alone or in conjunction with any other event) (i) result in, or cause the accelerated vesting, payment, funding or delivery
of, or increase the amount or value of, any payment or benefit to any employee, officer, member, manager, director or other service provider
of the Company under any Company Benefit Plan, (ii) result in any severance, change in control, termination or similar types of payments
or benefits, (iii) result in a requirement to pay any tax gross-up or similar make-whole payments to any employee,
member, manager, director or consultant of the Company or (iv) result in, either alone or together with any other payments or benefits,
the payment of any amount or benefit constituting a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code
(or any comparable provision of other Applicable Law). 

(h) 
 Each Company Benefit Plan or Employment Contract that constitutes in any part a nonqualified deferred compensation plan within
the meaning of Section 409A of the Code has, at all times, been operated and maintained in all material respects in operational and documentary
compliance with Section 409A of the Code and applicable guidance thereunder. The Company does not have any obligation (whether pursuant
to a Company Benefit Plan or otherwise) to indemnify, gross-up , reimburse or otherwise compensate any individual with respect
to the additional Taxes or interest imposed pursuant to Section 409A or 4999 of the Code. 

(i) No
event has occurred, and no condition or circumstance exists, that would reasonably be expected to subject the Company or any
 group health plan as defined in Section 733(a)(1) of ERISA to penalties or excise Taxes under Sections 4980D, 4980H,
or 4980I of the Code or any other provision of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, Pub. L. No. 111-148, the Health Care
and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, Pub. L. No. 111-152, and all regulations and guidance issued thereunder. 

19 

Section 2.16 Related
Party Transactions . Schedule 2.16 lists all existing or pending transactions, including any payables and
receivables, and Contracts between the Company, on one hand, and any Seller or any Affiliated Person of any Seller, on the other
hand (collectively, the Related Party Agreements ). As of the Closing Date, neither the Company nor any Seller
has any Liability or owes any amounts to any Person under any Related Party Agreement except as disclosed in Schedule
2.16 . 

Section 2.17 Product
and Service Warranties . Other than the standard terms and conditions as well as those terms that are expressly published
or delivered to clients, true, correct and complete copies of which standard terms and conditions and published or delivered terms
are attached as Schedule 2.17 , the Company has not made any express or implied warranty or guaranty as to goods sold or
services provided by the Company to any other Person (a Warranty ), and there is no pending or, to the Knowledge
of the Company, threatened Action alleging any breach of any Warranty. The Company has no exposure to, or Liability under, any
Warranty beyond that which is typically assumed in the ordinary course of business by Persons engaged in businesses comparable in
size and scope of the Company. 

Section 2.18 Key
Customers and Suppliers . With respect to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 and the year-to-date period ended on the
date of the Balance Sheet, Schedule 2.18(a) sets forth the 15 largest customers (by dollar volume) of the Company
(collectively, the Key Customers during each such period (showing the approximate dollar volume for each) and Schedule
2.18(b) sets forth the 15 largest suppliers (by dollar volume) of the Company (collectively, the Key
Suppliers during each such period (showing the approximate dollar volume for each). To both the Company s
Knowledge and each Seller s Knowledge there has not been any indication by any Key Customer or Key Supplier that such Key
Customer or Key Supplier intends to terminate or discontinue its business relationship with the Company or to limit or adversely
alter its business relationship with the Company, including by (i) a material decrease in the volume of products or services that
any Key Customer or Key Supplier will purchase from, or sell to, the Company, (ii) by any decrease in the pricing of any products or
services that any Key Customer purchases or will purchase from the Company, (iii) by any increase in the pricing of any products,
materials, or services that any Key Supplier sells or will sell to the Company, or (iv) of the bankruptcy or liquidation of any such
Key Customer or Key Supplier. The Company s current relationships with the Key Customers are presently maintained in the
Ordinary Course. To the Knowledge of the Company, no event has occurred or circumstance exists that would reasonably be expected to
give rise to or serve as a basis for any adverse change to relationship between the Company and any Key Customer or Key
Supplier. 

Section 2.19 Insurance . Schedule
2.19 sets forth a true, correct and complete list of all policies of insurance maintained, owned or held by the Company, or that
covers the Business or that lists the Company as a beneficiary, as of the date of this Agreement (collectively, the
 Insurance Contracts ), true, correct and complete copies of which have been made available to Purchaser. All
such Insurance Contracts are valid and binding in accordance with their terms, are in full force and effect, all premiums with
respect thereto covering all periods up to and including the Closing Date will have been paid, and no notice of cancellation or
termination has been received by the Company with respect to any such policy. The Company has not received written notice that (a)
there has been a breach or default under any of such Insurance Contracts or (b) that any event has occurred that would permit
termination, modification, acceleration or repudiation of such Insurance Contracts. The Company is not in default (including a
failure to pay an insurance premium when due) in any material respect with respect to any Insurance Contract, nor has the Company
failed to give any notice of any material claim under such Insurance Contract as and when required by such Insurance Contract nor
has the Company ever been denied or turned down for insurance coverage. The Company has not made any claim under any such policy
during the three-year period prior to the Effective Date with respect to which an insurer has, in a written notice to the Company,
questioned, denied or disputed or otherwise reserved its rights with respect to coverage and no insurer has threatened in writing to
cancel any Insurance Contract. 

20 

Section 2.20 Environmental . 

(a) 
 The Company possesses all material Permits and approvals required under, and each is in compliance in all material respects with,
all Environmental Laws, and the Company is, and the Leased Real Property has been operated in compliance in all material respects with
all applicable limitations, restrictions, conditions, standards, prohibitions, requirements, obligations, schedules and timetables contained
in all Environmental Laws or contained in any other Law, or any notice or demand letter issued thereunder. 

(b) 
 The Company has not entered into or agreed to enter into any consent decree or order, and the Company is not subject to any judgment,
decree or judicial or administrative order relating to compliance with, including any Remediation, any applicable Environmental Law. From
Company s date of incorporation to the Closing Date, the Company has not been alleged to be in violation of, and has not been subject
to, any Action pursuant to applicable Environmental Laws and has not been required to perform any Remediation. The Company is, and has
been at all times, in material compliance with all Environmental Laws and there are no environmental conditions affecting or that could
reasonably be expected to affect the Company or the Assets. 

(c) 
 Neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates have treated, stored, disposed of, arranged for or permitted the disposal or recycling
of, transported, handled or Released any Hazardous Substance in a manner that has given or could reasonably be expected to give rise to
any Liability, nor is any property owned, leased or operated by the Company now, or in the past, contaminated with any Hazardous Substance
in a manner that has given, or could reasonably be expected to give, rise to any Liability. 

(d) 
 To the Knowledge of the Company, no underground storage tanks or Hazardous Substance disposal facilities are currently present
or have in the past existed at any facility owned, operated, or leased (or formerly owned, operated or leased) by the Company and the
Company has not closed in place or removed any underground storage tanks or Hazardous Substance disposal facilities from any current or
former facility used in the Company s Business. The Company has in place all training and employee protection programs required
by occupational, health, and safety requirements under Environmental Laws. 

(e) 
 The Company has made available true, correct and complete copies of all material reports, studies, or investigations relating to
their respective current or former businesses or properties and relating to environmental conditions, liabilities, or compliance matters,
Environmental Laws or Hazardous Substances. 

(f) 
 Except as set forth on Schedule 2.20(f) , the Company has not agreed to indemnify anyone for any violations of Environmental
Laws. 

Section 2.21 Undisclosed
Payments . Neither the Company nor any of its officers, members, managers, directors or employees, nor anyone acting on
behalf of any of them, has made or received any payment not correctly categorized and fully disclosed in the Company s books
and records in connection with or in any way relating to or affecting the Company. 

Section 2.22 COVID-19 . 

(a) Except as set forth on Schedule
2.22(a) , since March 1, 2020, there has been no material impact (directly or indirectly) as a result of COVID-19 on: (i) the
Company s operation of the its Business (including the financial results of such operations) or; (ii) any of the relationships
between the Company and its customers, suppliers, vendors, landlords or Governmental Entities having jurisdiction over the Company
(including (A) any default, or circumstances existing that are reasonably likely to give rise to, or serve as a basis for any
default by the Company under any Contract related to any of the foregoing, (B) the Company suspending performance or payment under
any Contract to which it is a party, and/or (C) extension of credit to any customers). 

21 

(b) 
 Except as set forth on Schedule 2.22(b) , the Company has not experienced, nor is the Company subject to, any COVID-19 Effects. 

(c) 
 The Company has at all times during the COVID-19 pandemic operated in material compliance with the requirements of all applicable
Laws, including any Laws enacted in response to COVID-19, including, without limitation, the CARES Act, the Families First Coronavirus
Response Act, Section 1981 of the Civil Rights Act of 1866, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, Americans with Disabilities Act,
Age Discrimination in Employment Act, Equal Pay Act, Fair Labor Standards Act, Family Medical Leave Act, National Labor Relations Act,
and the Occupational Safety and Health Act. Schedule 2.22(c) sets forth the actions taken by the Company with respect to employees,
compensation and Company Benefit Plans in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, including employee terminations, furloughs, salary or other
pay reductions, pay increases, deferrals of compensation, deferrals of employer funding contributions to or amendments to any Company
Benefit Plan. To the Knowledge of the Company, no employee that is critical to the day-to-day operations of the Company is unable to perform
his or her duties and responsibilities as a result (directly or indirectly) of COVID-19. 

(d) 
 Except as set forth on Schedule 2.22(d) , none of the Key Customers or the Key Suppliers (i) has changed, amended, or altered
(or requested to alter) its relationship, contractual or otherwise, with the Company as a result (directly or indirectly) of any COVID-19
Effect; (ii) has defaulted, nor does any circumstances exist that are reasonably likely to give rise to, or serve as a basis for any default,
in any material respect under any Contract or relationship with the Company; or (iii) to the Knowledge of the Company, has entered into
bankruptcy, involuntary bankruptcy, or receivership proceedings. 

(e) 
 PPP Loan . The Company received a PPP Loan on May 4, 2020 in the principal amount of 375,360.00 from US Bank (the PPP
Lender (the PPP Loan ). The Company was eligible to apply for and receive its PPP Loan and the Company
has complied with all Legal Requirements applicable to its PPP Loan. The Company has expended all of the proceeds of the PPP Loan and
used the proceeds of its PPP Loan solely to pay for eligible costs and expenses under the Legal Requirements applicable to its PPP Loan.
The Company did not claim an employment retention tax credit under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES
Act with respect to any payroll costs that were necessary to support the full forgiveness of the Company s PPP Loan.
The Company properly completed a forgiveness application reflecting its use of its PPP Loan proceeds and submitted it, together with all
required supporting documentation, to the PPP Lender. The Company s PPP Loan application, forgiveness application, and any other
documents provided by the Company in connection with the PPP Loan, including all information contained in supporting documents and forms
of such applications or documents, were true and correct in all respects. The Company s PPP Loan was completely forgiven pursuant
to the CARES Act on November 13, 2020. 

Section 2.23 Proceedings;
Orders . 

(a) 
 There is no pending Proceeding, and, to the Knowledge of the Company, no Person has threatened to commence any Proceeding, that
involves the Company, any Seller or any of the Assets or that challenges, or that could be reasonably expected to have the effect of preventing,
delaying or making illegal any of the Transactions. To the Knowledge of the Company, no event has occurred, and no claim, dispute or other
condition or circumstance exists, that could be reasonably expected to give rise to or serve as a basis for the commencement of any such
Proceeding. The Company made available to the Purchaser accurate and complete copies of all pleadings, correspondence and other written
materials to which the Company has access that relate to Proceedings identified in Schedule 2.23(a) . 

(b) 
 There is no Order to which the Company or any of the Assets is subject. 

22 

(c) 
 To the Knowledge of the Company, no director, officer or employee of the Company is subject to any Order that prohibits such director,
officer or employee from engaging in or continuing any conduct, activity or practice relating to the Business of the Company. 

(d) 
 To the Knowledge of the Company, there is no proposed Order that, if issued or otherwise put into effect, could reasonably be expected
to have a material adverse effect on the Business or may have the effect of preventing, delaying, making illegal or otherwise interfering
with any of the Transactions. 

Section 2.24 Certain
Payments, Etc . 

(a) 
 Neither the Company, any officer, director, or, to the Knowledge of the Company, any employee, agent or other Person associated
with or acting for or on behalf of the Company or any Seller with respect to the Business, has taken any of the following actions: 

(i) 
 used any corporate funds (A) to make any unlawful political contribution or gift or for any other unlawful purpose relating
to any political activity, (B) to make any unlawful payment to any governmental official or employee, or (C) to establish or
maintain any unlawful or unrecorded fund or account of any nature; 

(ii) 
 made any payoff, influence payment, bribe, rebate, kickback or unlawful payment to any Person, or taken any action which would
cause it to be in violation of any Anti-Corruption or Anti-Bribery Law; 

(iii) 
 made any unlawful payment to any Person (whether in the form of property or services, or in any other form) to any Person, for
the purpose of obtaining or paying for (A) favorable treatment in securing business, or (B) any other special concession; or 

(iv) 
 agreed, committed, offered or attempted to take any of the actions described in clauses (i) through (iii) above. 

Section 2.25 Full
Disclosure . No representation or warranty or other statement made by the Company in this Agreement (including in the
Disclosure Schedules) contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make any of
the statements made, in light of the circumstances in which it was made, not misleading in any respect. 

Article
III 
Representations and Warranties of the Sellers 

In order to induce Purchaser
to enter into this Agreement and consummate the Transactions, each Seller, severally and not jointly, hereby represents and warrants to
Purchaser, as of the Closing Date, as follows: 

Section 3.1 Power
and Authority . Such Seller has all necessary power, authority and capacity to execute and deliver this Agreement and the
other Transaction Documents to which such Seller is a party and to consummate the Transactions and to perform each of its
obligations under this Agreement and such Transaction Documents. The Transaction Documents have been duly executed and delivered, to
the extent such Seller is party thereto, by such Seller. 

Section 3.2 Enforceability .
The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by such Seller and the performance by such
Seller of the obligations hereunder and thereunder and the consummation of the Transactions have been duly and validly authorized by
all necessary action of such Seller. Each of the Transaction Documents to which such Seller is a party constitutes a valid and
binding agreement of such Seller enforceable against such Seller in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar Laws affecting creditors rights and remedies generally, and subject, as to
enforceability, to general principles of equity, including principles of commercial reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing
(regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding at law or in equity). 

23 

Section 3.3 Ownership of
Company Stock . The Sellers are the only Persons owning, directly or indirectly, any equity or other ownership interests or other
securities in the Company. All of such shares will be validly transferred hereunder at the Closing to Purchaser, free and clear of
any and all Encumbrances. Such Seller has not granted any Person any proxy or other right with respect to the Closing Company
Shares. 

Section 3.4 No
Conflict; Consents . The execution and delivery by such Seller of the Transaction Documents and the consummation by such
Seller of the Transactions do not and will not: (a) violate or result in the breach of the terms or provisions of any Contract to
which such Seller is a party or by which such Seller or the Shares are bound, or be in conflict with, result in a breach of,
constitute (upon the giving of notice or lapse of time or both) a default under or give rise to any termination or acceleration
rights (or any other rights adverse to such Seller or the Company) under any such Contract or result in the creation of any
Encumbrance upon any of the Assets; or (b) violate any Law applicable to such Seller or the Company. Such Seller is not required to
obtain any consent from or provide any notice to any third party (including any Governmental Entity) in connection with the
execution and delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the Transactions. 

Section 3.5 Litigation .
There are no Actions pending or, to the Knowledge of such Seller, threatened, brought by or against such Seller or its real or
personal property or assets involving or affecting such Seller s ability to consummate the Transactions. 

Section 3.6 No
Broker or Finder Fees . Except as disclosed on Schedule 3.6 , such Seller has not employed any broker, finder or
investment banker or incurred any Liability for any investment banking fees, financial advisory fees, brokerage fees or
finders fees in connection with the Transactions. 

Section 3.7 Amounts
Owed to the Seller s . The Company does not owe or is not obligated to pay such Seller or any of its respective
Affiliates any amount prior to the Closing except pursuant to the Transaction Documents and any Related Party Agreements listed on Schedule
2.16 . 

Section 3.8 Restricted Securities .
Such Seller understands that the shares of Common Stock to be issued as the Closing Share Payment have not been, nor will be,
registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act by reason of a specific exemption
from the registration provisions of the Securities Act. Such Seller understands that such shares of Common Stock are characterized
as restricted securities under applicable U.S. federal and state securities Laws and that, pursuant to these Laws,
each Seller must hold the shares of Common Stock indefinitely unless such shares are subsequently registered with the SEC and
qualified by state authorities, or an exemption from such registration and qualification requirements is available. 

Section 3.9 Restrictive Legend .
Such Seller understands that certificates evidencing the shares of Common Stock to be issued as the Closing Share Payment may bear
the following or substantially similar legends, reflecting the restricted nature of the shares to which such Seller has agreed in
this Agreement: 

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY
HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF
UNLESS (I) SOLD PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER SAID ACT, (II) SOLD OR ELIGIBLE TO BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE
144 OR 144A OF SAID ACT, OR (III) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED
UNDER SAID ACT IS PROVIDED TO THE COMPANY. THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN
ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES. 

24 

Section 3.10 Accredited
Investor . Each Seller represents that such Seller is an accredited investor as such term is defined in Rule
501(a)(5), (6) or (7) of Regulation D under the Securities Act, and acknowledges that the issuance of Purchaser Parent Common Stock
contemplated hereby is being made in reliance, among other things, on a private placement exemption to accredited
investors under the Securities Act and similar exemptions under state law. Each Seller is acquiring the shares of
Purchaser Common Stock issued pursuant to this Agreement for its own account and not with a view to the distribution or resale
thereof within the meaning of Section 2(11) of the Securities Act. 

Article
IV 
Representations and Warranties of Purchaser AND PURCHASER PARENT 

In order to induce the Sellers to enter into this
Agreement and consummate the Transactions, Purchaser or Purchaser Parent, as applicable, represents and warrants to each Seller, as of
the Closing Date, as follows: 

Section 4.1 Organization
and Authority . Each of Purchaser and Purchaser Parent is a corporation duly formed, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of the State of Delaware. Each of Purchaser and Purchaser Parent has all necessary power and authority to execute and
deliver this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party and to consummate the Transactions and to perform
each of its obligations under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 

Section 4.2 Due
Authorization; Enforceability . The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents
to which it is a party by each of Purchaser and Purchaser Parent and the performance by each of Purchaser and Purchaser Parent of
the obligations hereunder and thereunder and the consummation of the Transactions have been duly and validly authorized by all
necessary action of each of Purchaser and Purchaser Parent. Each of the other Transaction Documents to which Purchaser is a party
constitutes a valid and binding agreement of Purchaser, as applicable, enforceable against Purchaser in accordance with its terms,
subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar Laws affecting creditors rights and
remedies generally, and subject, as to enforceability, to general principles of equity, including principles of commercial
reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding at law or in equity). 

Section 4.3 Valid Issuance
of Shares . Assuming the accuracy of each Seller s representations in Section 3.10 , the shares of Common Stock
issuable as the Closing Share Payment, when issued, sold and delivered by Purchaser Parent in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement for the consideration set forth herein, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid, and nonassessable. 

Section 4.4 No
Broker or Finder; Fees . Neither Purchaser nor Purchaser Parent has employed any broker, finder or investment banker or
incurred any Liability for any investment banking fees, financial advisory fees, brokerage fees or finders fees in connection
with the Transactions. 

Section 4.5 No
Conflict; Consents . Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company and the Sellers in Article
II and Article III, the execution and delivery by Purchaser of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party
and the consummation by Purchaser of the Transactions do not and will not violate any Law applicable to Purchaser and Purchaser is
not required to obtain any consent from or provide any notice to any Governmental Entity in connection with the execution and
delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the Transactions. 

25 

Article V 

 Certain Covenants and Agreements 

Section 5.1 
 Tax Covenants . 

(a) Payment of Transfer Taxes
and Fees . All transfer, documentary, sales, use, stamp, registration, value added and other such Taxes and fees (including any penalties
and interest) incurred in connection with this Agreement (including any real property transfer Tax and any other similar Tax) Transfer
Taxes shall be borne and paid by the Sellers when due. The Sellers Representative shall, at his own expense, timely
file any Tax Return or other document with respect to such Transfer Taxes (and Purchaser shall cooperate with respect thereto as necessary). 

(b) Cooperation on Tax Matters .
Purchaser, the Company, and the Sellers will cooperate, as and to the extent reasonably requested by any other parties, in connection
with the filing and preparation of Tax Returns, and any Tax audit, litigation or other proceeding with respect to Taxes and payments
in respect thereof. Such cooperation shall include the retention and (upon the other parties request) the provision of records
and information which are reasonably relevant to any such Tax audit, litigation or other proceeding and making employees available on
a mutual convenient basis to provide additional information and explanation of any material provided hereunder. Purchaser, the Company,
and the Sellers shall retain all books and records with respect to Tax matters pertinent to the Company relating to any taxable period
beginning before the Closing Date until the expiration of the statute of limitations (and, to the extent notified by Purchaser, any extensions
thereof) of the respective taxable periods, and to abide by all record retention agreements entered into with any Governmental Entity.
Each of the parties shall furnish the other parties with copies of all relevant correspondence received from any Governmental Entity
in connection with any Tax audit or information request with respect to any Taxes for which any other Party may have an indemnification
obligation under this Agreement. 

(c) Tax Returns; Allocation
of Taxes . 

(i) 
 Following the Closing Date, the Company shall prepare, or cause to be prepared, all Tax Returns for the Company for all Taxable
periods ending on or prior to the Closing Date or for Straddle Periods that are, in each case, due after the Closing Date. Such Tax Returns
shall be prepared in a manner consistent with prior practice, except to the extent otherwise required by applicable Tax Law. The Company
shall deliver such Tax Returns to the Sellers Representative not less than 30 days prior to the required filing date for the Sellers 
Representative s review, comment and approval (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed). Without limiting Purchaser s
right to indemnification, the Sellers shall timely remit to the Company (or cause to be timely remitted to the Company) the Pre-Closing
portion (as determined pursuant to Section 5.1(c)(ii) of any Taxes shown as due on such Tax Returns at least five Business Days
prior to the required payment date of such Taxes. 

(ii) In the case of any Taxes that are imposed on a periodic basis and are payable for the Straddle Period, the portion of such Taxes
that are treated as Pre-Closing Taxes for purposes of this Agreement, shall: (1) in the case of any Taxes other than Taxes imposed on
income or receipts, be deemed to be the amount of such Tax for the entire taxable period multiplied by a fraction the numerator of which
is the number of days in the taxable period ending on the day prior to the Closing Date, and the denominator of which is the number of
days in the entire Straddle Period, and (2) in the case of any Taxes imposed on income or receipts, be deemed equal to the amount which
would be payable if the relevant Straddle Period ended on the day prior to the Closing Date. 

Section 5.2 
 Reasonable Efforts; Further Assurances; Cooperation . From
time to time and after the Closing Date, each Party shall (without further consideration) cooperate with the other Parties (and their
respective officers, directors, members, managers, employees, agents and advisors) and use its reasonable, good faith efforts (a) to
take, or cause to be taken, and do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or advisable under applicable Law to obtain all
consents required as described in Section 2.3 and Section 3.3 and all regulatory approvals, (b) to execute and deliver
to the other Party any additional Contracts reasonably requested by such other Party in order to transfer, convey or assign the Assets
to Purchaser and (c) to otherwise effect the Transactions. The Sellers agree to cause the Company to perform its obligations under this
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 

26 

Section 5.3 
 Confidentiality . The terms of the Transaction Documents
and all confidential information disclosed by the Parties in connection with the Transactions shall be kept confidential in accordance
with that certain Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement, dated as of July 19, 2022, by and between Purchaser and the Company (the NDA ),
and shall not be used by any Person, other than in connection with the Transactions. The Sellers hereby agree to become bound by and a
party to the NDA and subject to all of the covenants, terms and conditions thereof (including as a Disclosing Party 
or Receiving Party thereunder) as though an original party thereto. 

Section 5.4 
 Misdirected Payments and Communications . If any Seller or
any of its Affiliated Persons receives any payment or communications related to the Company or the Business after the Closing, such Seller
agrees to promptly remit (or cause to be promptly remitted) such funds or communications to the Company. 

Section 5.5 
 Benefit Plan Matters . At least one day before the
Closing Date, the Company will terminate each Employee Benefit Plan that is intended to constitute a cash or deferred arrangement under
Section 401(k) of the Code, including to the extent necessary, terminating its participation in any multiple employer plan (within the
meaning of Section 413 of the Code), spinning off the assets and liabilities attributable to the Company thereunder into a newly established
plan and immediately terminating such newly-established plan. The Company will adopt such amendments and take such other actions as are
necessary to effectuate the termination in compliance with Applicable Law and the terms of such Employee Benefit Plan and, together with
the termination, to be effective no later than the day immediately preceding the Closing Date and reflected in resolutions of Company s
board of directors. Additionally, at Purchaser s request, and immediately before the Closing Date, the Company will terminate or
amend any other Employee Benefit Plans specified by Purchaser at the time and in such manner as Purchaser may direct. Purchaser will have
sole and exclusive authority to determine the continuation, termination or amendment of such other Company Benefit Plans in accordance
with Applicable Law and the terms of such Employee Benefit Plans. The form and substance of any resolutions or amendments require pursuant
to this Section 5.6 will be subject to the prior review and approval of Purchaser, which approval will not be unreasonably conditioned,
withheld or delayed. Nothing contained in this Section 5.6 , express or implied, will be construed to establish, amend or modify
any Employee Benefit Plan or any other plan, program, arrangement, agreement, policy or commitment. 

Section 5.6 
 Employee Retention . Purchaser shall offer employment to commence as of the Closing Date to all Business Employees of the
Company, with a base salary or wage rate, as applicable that is no less favorable than that in effect immediately prior to the Closing
Date, and such salary or wage rate shall not be reduced for a period of at least twelve months after the Closing Date, provided ,
 that , Purchaser may reduce such salary or wage rate in connection with the dismissal, demotion or suspension of a Business Employee
when Purchaser makes a good-faith determination that such dismissal, demotion or suspension is appropriate. Additionally, Purchaser shall
credit all Business Employees with service with the Company prior to the Closing for purposes of Purchaser's employee benefit plan and
vacation policy. This Section 5.6 shall not create any obligation of Purchaser to retain such Business Employees for any length
of time or prevent the Purchaser from changing the terms of employment for any Business Employee after the Closing Date, except as provided
in this Section 5.6 . 

Section 5.7 
 Repaid Indebtedness . With respect to the Closing Date Indebtedness set forth on Schedule 5.7 (the Repaid
Indebtedness ), the Company has obtained an executed payoff letter (each, a Payoff Letter in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Purchaser from the applicable lender or creditor, each of which Payoff Letters includes: (a)
the balance required to pay off all obligations arising in connection with such Indebtedness in whole as of the Closing (including outstanding
principal, all accrued and unpaid interest, prepayment penalties or interest and the per-diem interest amount (such amounts through and
including the Closing Date, the Payoff Amounts )); (b) a statement from each secured creditor that upon payment of
the applicable Payoff Amount, any related Encumbrance or security interest in the Assets, the Transferred Shares or Equity Interests
of the Company shall immediately be released; and (c) confirmations of the payments of the Payoff Amounts as of the Closing. 

Section 5.8 
 Lock-Up . During the applicable Lock-Up Period, the Sellers will not, without the prior written consent of the Purchaser
Parent (which consent may be withheld at the sole discretion of the Purchaser Parent), directly or indirectly offer, sell (including,
without limitation, any short sale), assign, transfer, pledge, contract to sell, or otherwise dispose of, any of the shares of Common
Stock issued as the Closing Share Payment. The Lock-Up Period shall be the period commencing on and including the
date that the applicable shares of Purchaser Parent Common Stock are issued and ending on the day that is six months after the date of
such issuance. 

27 

Article
VI 
Indemnification 

Section 6.1 
 Indemnification . 

(a) By the Sellers . Subject to the limitations herein, including but not limited to Section 6.1(b) below, the Sellers
shall jointly and severally indemnify, defend and hold harmless Purchaser and its Affiliated Persons (the Purchaser Parties from and against any and all Indemnifiable Losses suffered by Purchaser Parties arising out of, due to, or in connection with: 

(i) 
 any breach or inaccuracy of any representation or warranty made by the Company or such Seller in Article II or Article
III of this Agreement or in any other Transaction Document or any allegation of any third party that, if true, would constitute such
a breach or inaccuracy; 

(ii) any breach of any covenant, agreement or undertaking made by such Seller in this Agreement or any allegation of any third party
that, if true, would constitute such a breach; 

(iii) 
 any Closing Date Indebtedness or Closing Date Transaction Costs, to the extent not paid or satisfied in full prior to the Closing; 

(iv) 
 any demand, claim, Action, suit, cause of Action or the like made by any Person claiming to be an owner of any Company Shares which
arises out of, or is based upon, having been or allegedly been the owner of any such Company Shares at or prior to the applicable Closing; 

(v) any Indemnified Taxes; and 

(vi) 
 events or circumstances occurring or existing with respect to the ownership, operation and maintenance of the Business or the Assets
prior to the Closing. 

(b) Limitation on Sellers Indemnification . 

(i) The
indemnification obligations under Section 6.1(a)(i) with respect to the representations and warranties of the Sellers
contained in Article II are joint and several obligations; provided, however , subject to all other terms and
conditions contained herein, if any Seller is required to indemnify a Purchaser Party arising from a breach of Article II 
such Seller s individual indemnity obligation shall be capped at its Proportional Share of any such Indemnifiable Losses. Each
Seller s Proportional Share of any Indemnifiable Losses suffered by any Purchaser Party as to such Seller
shall equal such Seller s proportional ownership of the Company as of the Closing, as reflected on Schedule 2.1(b) .
Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 6.1(b)(i) shall limit Purchaser s right to set off the full Note
Amount pursuant to Section 6.5 . 

(ii) The indemnification obligations under Section 6.1(a)(i) with respect to the representations and warranties of the Sellers
contained in Article III and under Section 6.1(a)(ii) with respect to the covenants of the Sellers contained herein, are
several and not joint obligations. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 6.1(b)(ii) shall limit Purchaser s
right to set off the full Note Amount pursuant to Section 6.5 . 

28 

(c) By Purchaser and Purchaser Parent . From and after the Closing, Purchaser and Purchaser Parent shall indemnify, defend and
hold harmless each Seller and each of its respective Affiliated Persons (the Seller Parties from and against any
and all Indemnifiable Losses arising out of or due to: 

(i) 
 any breach of any covenant, agreement or undertaking made by Purchaser or Purchaser Parent in this Agreement or any allegation
of any third party that, if true, would constitute such a breach; and 

(ii) any breach or inaccuracy of any representation or warranty made by Purchaser or Purchaser Parent in Article IV of this Agreement
or in any other Transaction Document or any allegation of any third party that, if true, would constitute such a breach or inaccuracy. 

Section 6.2 Indemnification
Procedure . 

(a) If an Indemnified Party claims a right to payment pursuant to this Agreement, such Indemnified Party shall send written notice
of such claim to the Indemnifying Party (in the case of a claim for indemnification by any Seller or its Affiliates, such notice shall
be sent to the Sellers Representative). Such notice shall specify the basis for such claim. The failure by any Indemnified Party
to so notify the Indemnifying Party shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party from any Liability that it may have to such Indemnified Party
with respect to any such claim. If the Indemnifying Party does not notify the Indemnified Party within 30 days following its receipt of
such notice that the Indemnifying Party disputes its Liability to the Indemnified Party under this Article VI or the amount thereof,
the claim specified by the Indemnified Party in such notice shall be conclusively deemed an Indemnifiable Loss under this Article VI . 

(b) Within five Business Days following the final determination of any claim for Indemnifiable Losses made by any of the Purchaser
Parties (by mutual agreement or by arbitration pursuant to Section 7.5 ), such Seller shall be required to promptly pay to Purchaser,
by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated in advance by Purchaser, the amount of such Indemnifiable Losses. 

(c) Within five Business Days following the final determination of any claim for Indemnifiable Losses made by a Seller, Purchaser shall
be required to promptly pay to such Seller, by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated in advance by such
Seller, the amount of such Indemnifiable Losses. 

Section 6.3 Defense
of Claims . In case any third party claim, Action or proceeding is brought against any Indemnified Party in respect of which
indemnification may be sought by the Indemnified Party pursuant to this Article VI (a Claim ), the Parties
shall discuss in good faith whether the Indemnifying Party or the Indemnified Party shall control the defense of such Claim; provided,
that the Indemnifying Party shall not be able to control such defense without the consent of the Indemnified Party (which shall not
be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). If the Indemnifying Party controls the Claim, it shall not settle or compromise such
Claim without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party (which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) unless
such settlement includes as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or the plaintiff of a release of the Indemnified
Party, reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party, from all Liability with respect to such Claim, and the Indemnifying Party acknowledges
that the Claim is fully indemnifiable hereunder. Each Party shall cooperate with the other Parties in the defense of any Claims and keep
the other Parties apprised on a reasonably prompt basis of all material developments with respect to such Claims. This Section 6.3
 shall not apply with respect to Claims for Taxes by a Governmental Entity. Costs relating to the defense of Claims pursuant to this
 Section 6.3 shall be borne by the Indemnifying Party. 

29 

Section 6.4 
 Survival of Representations and Warranties; Limits on
Indemnification . 

(a) The representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of the Parties contained in this Agreement shall survive the Closing
for purposes of this Article VI as follows: 

(i) 
 all covenants and agreements of the Parties shall survive the Closing indefinitely, or for such shorter period as shall apply in
accordance with their respective terms; and 

(ii) the representations and warranties contained in Article II and Article III shall survive until January 1, 2025 (the
 Survival Date ); provided , however , that the Fundamental Representations shall survive until the date
that is ninety (90) days after the expiration of the applicable statute of limitations; provided further the representations and
warranties forming the basis of any Pending Claims existing as of the applicable survival date shall survive (solely with respect to such
Pending Claim) until the final resolution of such Pending Claim. 

(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, prior to the close of business on the last day of the applicable survival period, an Indemnifying
Party shall have been properly notified of a claim for indemnity hereunder and such claim shall not have been finally resolved or disposed
of at such date, such claim (and the basis for such claim) shall continue to survive and shall remain a basis for indemnity hereunder
until such claim is finally resolved or disposed of in accordance with the terms hereof. 

(c) Notwithstanding anything in this Section 6.4 to the contrary, in the event that any breach of any representation, warranty,
covenant or agreement by a Party results from the criminal activity of such Party or constitutes fraud, intentional misrepresentation
or willful misconduct, such representation, warranty, covenant or agreement shall survive the Closing and continue in full force and effect
without any time limitation with respect to such breach. 

(d) The Sellers shall not have any indemnification obligation under Section 6.1(a)(i) unless the aggregate of all Losses for
which such indemnifying party would, but for this Section 6.4(d) , be liable thereunder exceeds on a cumulative basis an amount
equal to 150,000, subject to the Cap (as defined in the Section 6.4(e) below) and any and all other limitations provided herein;
 provided , however , that this Section 6.4(d) shall not apply with respect to Fundamental Representations or to claims
based on or involving fraud, intentional misrepresentation, willful misconduct, or bad faith. 

(e) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the maximum aggregate amount of Indemnifiable Losses that
may be recovered by the Purchaser Parties pursuant to Section 6.1(a)(i) shall be 6,000,000 (the Cap ); provided,
 that for purposes of this Section 6.4(e) , the Cap shall not apply to any claim for Indemnifiable Losses arising from (i) fraud,
intentional misrepresentation, willful misconduct, or bad faith (for which Purchaser Parties shall be entitled to recover all Losses)
or (ii) any breach or inaccuracy of any Fundamental Representation (for which Purchaser Parties shall be entitled to recover all Losses
up an amount equal to the aggregate amount of the Closing Payment including, in respect of any shares of Common Stock issued as such payments,
the dollar amount of such shares based on the volume weighted average price per share used in the calculation of the number of such shares
issued at the Closing). 

(f) 
 Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the maximum aggregate amount of Indemnifiable Losses that
may be recovered by Seller Parties under this Agreement shall be an amount equal to the Cap; provided, that that for purposes of
this Section 6.4(f) the Cap shall not apply to any claim for Indemnifiable Losses arising from fraud, intentional misrepresentation
or willful misconduct. 

30 

(g) For purposes of this Article VI , material , materiality , in all material resects 
and similar qualifiers and the Knowledge of the Company shall be disregarded for purposes of determining the amount of Indemnifiable
Losses from any breach of representation or warranty. 

(h) If any Indemnifiable Losses sustained by an Indemnified Party are covered by an insurance policy, the Indemnified Party shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to collect such insurance proceeds. The amount of any Indemnifiable Losses payable by an Indemnifying
Party under this Article VI shall be net of any amounts actually received by the Indemnified Party under applicable insurance policies.
If the Indemnified Party receives any amounts under applicable insurance policies for any Indemnifiable Losses subsequent to an indemnification
payment by an Indemnifying Party, then such Indemnified Party shall promptly reimburse the Indemnifying Party for any payment made or
expense incurred by such Indemnifying Party in connection with providing such indemnification payment up to the amount received by the
Indemnified Party (so long as the Indemnified Party is first made whole for all Indemnifiable Losses). 

(i) 
 The right to indemnification, reimbursement or other remedy based upon the representations, warranties, covenants and obligations
set forth herein shall not be affected by any investigation conducted with respect to, or any knowledge acquired (or capable of being
acquired) at any time, whether before or after the Closing Date, with respect to the accuracy or inaccuracy of or compliance with any
such representation, warranty, covenant or obligation. The waiver of any condition based upon the accuracy of any representation or warranty,
or on the performance of or compliance with any covenant or obligation, will not affect the right to indemnification, reimbursement or
other remedy based upon such representations, warranties, covenants and obligations. 

Section 6.5 
 Right of Set Off . Purchaser may set off any amount to which any Purchaser Party may be entitled under this Article VI 
against any amount otherwise payable by Purchaser or its Affiliates to the Sellers or any of their Affiliates pursuant to this Agreement;
 provided , however that to the extent that an indemnification claim arises before the Second Note Payment Date, the Purchaser
must first satisfy such claims by reducing any remaining Note Amount before seeking payment directly from the Sellers; provided further ,
that if, and for so long as, Sellers Representative objects in good faith to the amount or validity of such set off prior to final
adjudication of any such dispute, Purchaser may not set off against any amount otherwise payable by Purchaser or its Affiliates to the
Sellers or any of their Affiliates pursuant to this Agreement without an order from a court of competent jurisdiction. Purchaser and Sellers
agree that pending final adjudication of any such dispute pursuant to this Section 6.5 , Note Amount shall not be reduced with respect
to such amount in dispute. The exercise of such set off right or the retention of any amount in dispute in good faith will not constitute
a breach or event of default under this Agreement relating to any amount against which the set off is applied. If such claim arises after
the Second Note Payment Date or if the amount to which the Purchaser Party is entitled exceeds the then-remaining Note Amount, Purchaser
may seek payment directly from the Sellers. Other than as described in this Section 6.5 , Purchaser s rights to indemnification
under this Article VI shall not be in any manner limited by or to this right of set off. 

Section 6.6 
 Adjustment to Purchase Price . Each of the Parties hereto
agrees that any indemnification payments received pursuant to this Article VI are an adjustment to the purchase price payable to
such Seller pursuant to Article I for Tax purposes. 

31 

Article
VII 
Miscellaneous Provisions 

Section 7.1 Entire
Agreement; Amendment; Waiver . This Agreement, the NDA and the other Transaction Documents constitute the entire agreement
between the Parties pertaining to the subject matter contained herein and supersedes all prior agreements, representations and
understandings, both written and oral, of the Parties and the rights and remedies of the Parties hereto with respect to the subject
matter of this Agreement shall be governed by the express terms hereof. No supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement
shall be binding unless executed in writing by the Parties. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or
shall constitute a waiver of any other provision, whether or not similar, nor shall any waiver constitute a continuing waiver. No
waiver shall be binding unless executed in writing by the Party making the waiver. This Agreement shall be binding on and shall
inure to the benefit of the Parties hereto and their respective permitted legal representatives, heirs, successors and assigns. 

Section 7.2 Counterparts;
Copies . This Agreement and any amendments hereto may be executed by the Parties hereto in several counterparts, all of which
together shall constitute one agreement binding on all Parties hereto, notwithstanding that all Parties have not signed the same counterpart,
it being understood and agreed that delivery of a signed counterpart signature page to this Agreement by facsimile transmission, by electronic
mail in portable document format .pdf form, or by any other electronic means intended to preserve the original graphic
and pictorial appearance of a document shall constitute valid and sufficient delivery thereof. 

Section 7.3 Expenses .
Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, Purchaser and the Sellers shall each respectively be responsible for their own fees
and expenses regarding the Transactions. 

Section 7.4 Notices .
Any notice or other communication required or permitted hereunder shall be deemed to have been properly given and delivered if in writing
by such Party and delivered personally or sent by email transmission or nationally recognized overnight courier service guaranteeing
overnight delivery, addressed as follows: 

To Purchaser, Purchaser Parent 

 or the Company: c/o Akoustis
Technologies, Inc. 

 985 Northcross Center Court, Suite A 

 Huntersville, NC 28078 

 Attention: General Counsel 

 Email: dwright@akoustis.com 

with a copy 

 (which shall not constitute notice) to: K L
Gates LLP 

 300 South Tryon Street, Suite 1000 

 Charlotte, NC 28202 

 Attention: Sean M. Jones; Coleman Wombwell 

 Telephone: (704) 331-7406; (704) 331-7551 

 Email: sean.jones@klgates.com; coleman.wombwell@klgates.com 

To Sellers Representative or 

 any Seller: c/o Joe Collins 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 Email: [ ] 

with a copy 

 (which shall not constitute notice) to: Hanson
Bridgett LLP 

 1676 North California Blvd., Suite 620 

 Walnut Creek, CA 94596 

 Attention: Eric Clarke 

 Telephone: (925) 746-8470 

 Email: eclarke@hansonbridgett.com 

or to such other representative
or at such other address of a Party as such Party may furnish to the other Parties in writing. Any such notice, communication or delivery
shall be deemed given or made (a) on the date of delivery, if delivered in person or by email transmission, or (b) on the first Business
Day following timely delivery to a national overnight courier service or (c) on the fifth Business Day following it being mailed by registered
or certified mail. 

32 

Section 7.5 
 Governing Law; Attorneys' Fees . This Agreement shall be
construed in accordance with, and governed by, the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to conflicts of laws. In the event that
any action or proceeding is commenced to enforce or interpret this Agreement, then, in addition to all other remedies to which it is
entitled, but without duplication, the prevailing party shall be awarded its reasonable attorneys' fees and costs. 

Section 7.6 Waiver
of Jury Trial . EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY ACTION THAT MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE
COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND THEREFORE IT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY
JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY ACTION. 

Section 7.7 Exhibits . All exhibits, schedules and attachments to this Agreement and all exhibits, schedules and attachments thereto are hereby incorporated
by reference into this Agreement and hereby made a part hereof (whether or not physically attached hereto or thereto). A list of disclosure
schedules so incorporated by reference is attached hereto as Exhibit B . 

Section 7.8 Captions;
Headings . Articles, titles and headings to Sections herein are inserted for convenience of reference only and are not intended
to be a part of or to affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Disclosure of any fact or item in any Disclosure Schedule
hereto referenced by a particular section in this Agreement shall be deemed to be disclosed and incorporated into any other section of
the Disclosure Schedules to which such disclosure is referenced or cross-referenced or to where the relevance of such disclosure is readily
apparent. 

Section 7.9 No
Third-Party Beneficiary . Except for the Seller Parties and the Purchaser Parties as provided in Article VI , the Parties
do not intend to confer any benefit under this Agreement on anyone other than the Parties hereto, and nothing contained in this Agreement
shall be deemed to confer any such benefit on any such other Person. 

Section 7.10 Assignment .
No Party may assign its rights or delegate its duties under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other Parties. This
Agreement will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns, and
any reference to a Party will also be a reference to the successors and permitted assigns thereof. 

Section 7.11 
 Severability . If any provision of this Agreement is capable
of two constructions, only one of which would render the provision valid, legal and enforceable, the provision shall have the meaning
which so renders it valid, legal and enforceable. If any provision of this Agreement or the application of any provision hereof to any
person or circumstance is determined to be invalid, unenforceable or illegal under present or future laws, such determination shall not
affect any other provision of this Agreement or the application of such provision to any other person or circumstance, all of which shall
remain in full force and effect. If any provision of this Agreement is deemed invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the Parties hereby agree
to submit to as similar a provision as possible that is valid, legal and enforceable. 

33 

Section 7.12 
 Drafting . The Parties acknowledge and confirm that they
or their respective attorneys have participated jointly in the review and revision of this Agreement and that it has not been written
solely by any one Party or counsel for any one Party. In interpreting and enforcing this Agreement, each representation and warranty
will be given independent significance of fact and will not be deemed superseded or modified by any other representation or warranty.
The Parties therefore stipulate and agree that the rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be or may be resolved
against the drafting Party shall not be employed in the interpretation of this Agreement to favor any Party against another. As used
herein, the terms include, includes, and including are not limiting, the word or 
is disjunctive, but not necessary exclusive and the words hereof, herein and hereunder and
words of similar import shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. Any materials
 made available or provided to Purchaser shall mean that such materials were posted to the electronic dataroom
created by the Sellers or the Company for the Transactions at least two Business Days prior to the Closing Date. 

Section 7.13 Currency .
Unless otherwise specified in this Agreement, all references to currency, monetary values and dollars set forth herein shall mean
United States (U.S.) dollars and all payments hereunder shall be made in United States dollars. 

Section 7.14 Relationship
Among Sellers . 

(a) Each Seller hereby irrevocable appoints Collins (such person, when acting in such capacity, the Sellers Representative as the sole representative of the Sellers to act as the agent and on behalf of Sellers regarding any matter relating to the Transaction
or Transaction Documents, including for the purposes of (i) making decisions with respect to the determination of the Closing Payment
(and the components thereof) and any other amounts due or determinations made under Section 1.2 , including any determinations and
settling any matter in connection with the adjustments to the Closing Payment, (ii) determining whether the Closing deliverables required
under Section 1.2 have been satisfied and supervising the Closing, including waiving any condition, as determined by the Sellers 
Representative in his sole discretion, (iii) interpreting the terms and provisions of the Transaction Documents, (iv) executing and delivering
and receiving deliveries of all agreements, certificates, statements, notices, approvals, extensions, waivers, undertakings, amendments
and other documents required or permitted to be given in connection with the consummation of the Transactions, (v) agreeing to any amendment
of any Transaction Documents or any waiver of any right under any Transaction Documents, (vi) receiving service of process in connection
with any claims under the Transaction Documents, (vii) taking any and all actions that may be necessary or desirable, as determined by
the Sellers Representative, in his sole discretion, in connection with a claim for indemnification under Article VI hereof,
including negotiating or entering into settlements or compromises of any indemnification claim, (viii) taking all actions necessary or
appropriate, as determined by the Sellers Representative, in his sole discretion, in connection with the Transaction Documents
and the Transactions, and (ix) exercising such rights, power or authority as are incidental to the foregoing. The Purchaser may conclusively
rely upon, without independent verification or investigation, all decisions made by the Sellers Representative in connection with
the Transaction Documents in writing and signed by the Sellers Representative. 

(b) Each Seller hereby appoints the Sellers Representative as such Seller s true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent,
with full powers of substitution and resubstitution, in such Seller s name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, in connection
with the Transactions, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and
thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection with the Transactions, including the sale of such Seller s portion of the
Company Shares as fully to all intents and purposes as such Seller might or could do in person. The Sellers Representative hereby
acknowledges and accepts such appointment to act as the agent and attorney-in-fact for the Sellers as outlined in this Section 7.14 . 

34 

(c) Except for actual, intentional
fraud or willful misconduct on his part, the Sellers Representative shall have no liability to any Seller under the Transaction
Documents or any other document executed or delivered in connection with the Transactions, or in connection herewith, for any action
or omission by the Sellers Representative on behalf of Sellers. The Sellers Representative may, in all questions arising
under this Agreement, rely on the advice of counsel, and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing provisions of this Section
7.14(c) , for anything done, omitted or suffered in good faith by the Sellers Representative in accordance with such advice,
the Sellers Representative shall not be liable to any Seller or any other Person in connection therewith. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
SELLERS REPRESENTATIVE BE LIABLE TO ANY SELLER HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION HEREWITH FOR ANY SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, REMOTE,
SPECULATIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITH RESPECT TO ANY LOST REVENUES OR LOST PROFITS). 

(d) The Sellers Representative shall be indemnified by Sellers for and shall be held harmless by the Sellers against any damages
incurred by the Sellers Representative relating to his conduct as Sellers Representative, other than any damages that have
been finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to result from the Sellers Representative s actual, intentional
fraud or willful misconduct in connection with his performance hereunder. 

(e) All of the immunities, powers, authority and rights to indemnification, granted or provided to the Sellers Representative
under this Agreement shall survive the Closing. The grant of authority provided for herein is coupled with an interest and shall be irrevocable
without the consent of the Sellers Representative and survive the death, incapacity, bankruptcy, dissolution, winding up or liquidation
of any Seller; provided, however, that, in the event of the death of the Sellers Representative, the executor of the Sellers 
Representative s estate may appoint a successor to the Sellers Representative, which successor shall have all the immunities,
powers, authority and rights to indemnification of the Sellers Representative provided for in this Section 7.14 . 

(f) 
 After Closing, a decision, act, consent or instruction of the Sellers Representative with respect to this Agreement, will
constitute a decision of all the Sellers and will be final, binding and conclusive upon each Seller, and the Company, Purchaser and Purchaser
Parent may rely upon any decision, act, consent or instruction of the Sellers Representative as being the decision, act, consent
or instruction of each Seller. Any notice or communication delivered by the Purchaser, or the Company to the Sellers Representative
in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed to have been delivered to all Sellers. The Purchaser, Purchaser Parent
and the Company, and their respective Affiliates, shall be entitled to rely exclusively upon any communication or writings given or executed
by the Sellers Representative in connection with actions taken pursuant to Section 1.2 hereof and any claims for indemnity
pursuant to this Agreement and shall not be liable in any manner whatsoever for any action taken or not taken in reliance upon the actions
taken or not taken or communications or writings given or executed by the Sellers Representative. 

[signatures follow on next page] 

35 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have caused
this Agreement to be executed, under seal, by their respective duly authorized officers, effective on the date and year first above written. 

PURCHASER: 

AKOUSTIS, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Jeffrey B. Shealy 

Name: 
 Jeffrey B. Shealy 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

PURCHASER PARENT : 

AKOUSTIS TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Jeffrey B. Shealy 

Name: 
 Jeffrey B. Shealy 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

36 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have caused
this Agreement to be executed, under seal, by their respective duly authorized officers, as applicable, effective on the date and year
first above written. 

SELLERS REPRESENTATIVE: 

By: 
 /s/ Joseph Collins 

Name: 
 Joseph Collins 

SELLERS: 

SAIRA Y. HAQ, TRUSTEE, NON-EXEMPT MARITAL TRUST CREATED MAY 26, 2006 UNDER THE TERMS OF THE HAQ LIVING TRUST DATED APRIL 12, 1989 

By: 
 /s/ Saira Y. Haq 

Name: 
 Saira Y. Haq 

Title: 
 Trustee 

By: 
 /s/ Laila Collins 

Name: 
 Laila Collins 

By: 
 /s/ Nabila Haq 

Name: 
 Nabila Haq 

By: 
 /s/ Yousuf Haq 

Name: 
 Yousuf Haq 

By: 
 /s/ Joseph Collins 

Name: 
 Joseph Collins 

37 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have caused
this Agreement to be executed, under seal, by their respective duly authorized officers, effective on the date and year first above written. 

COMPANY: 

GRINDING AND DICING SERVICES, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Joseph Collins 

Name: 
 Joseph Collins 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

38 

EXHIBIT
A 

DEFINED TERMS 

Definitions . The following terms, as used
herein, have the following meanings: 

Action 
means any action, suit, arbitration, claim, complaint, charge, mediation, proceeding, audit or investigation by or before, or could be
brought by or before (for threatened Actions), any Governmental Entity. 

Actual Working Capital 
shall have the meaning provided in Section 1.3(b) . 

Affiliate 
of any specified Person means any other Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common
control with such specified Person. For purposes of this definition, control of a Person means the power, direct or indirect, to direct
or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by Contract or otherwise and, in any event and without limitation
of the previous sentence, any Person owning fifty percent (50 or more of the voting securities of another Person shall be deemed to
control that Person. 

Affiliated Persons 
of any specified Person means (i) any Affiliate of such Person or any other Person in which such Person has an equity interest, (ii) if
such Person is an individual, such Person s immediate family members and their respective Affiliates, and (iii) any of the Affiliates,
equityholders, successors, assigns, officers, managers, directors, agents or employees of any of the foregoing. 

Aggregate Cash Payment 
means, together, the Closing Cash Payment and the Note Amount. 

Agreement 
shall have the meaning provided in the section title STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT. 

Anti-Corruption or
Anti-Bribery Law means, collectively (a) the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977; and (b) any other applicable U.S.
or non-U.S. anti-corruption or anti-bribery law or regulation; and (c) any rules, regulations or directives related to any of the foregoing. 

Asset shall
mean any real, personal, mixed, tangible or intangible property of any nature of the Company, including cash, readily marketable securities,
cash-equivalent liquid assets, prepayments, deposits, security deposits under any leases, escrows, Receivables, Tangible Property, or
Contracts to which the Company is a party, intangibles of the Company, Company Intellectual Property Rights, goodwill and other intangibles,
and claims, causes of Action other legal rights and remedies of the Company. 

Balance Sheet 
shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.5(a) . 

Business 
shall have the meaning provided in the section titled RECITALS. 

Business Day 
means any day except Saturday, Sunday or any day on which banks are generally not open for business in the city of New York City, New
York. 

Business Employees 
shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.14(a) . 

Cap shall
have the meaning provided in Section 6.4(d) . 

CARES Act 
shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.22(e) . 

CEO Employment Agreement 
means the employment agreement entered into between the Purchaser and Collins, dated as of the Closing Date in substantially the form
as attached hereto as Exhibit C . 

Closing 
shall have the meaning provided in Section 1.1 . 

Closing Cash Payment 
shall have the meaning provided in Section 1.2(a) . 

39 

Closing Company Shares 
shall have the meaning provided in Section1.1 . 

Closing Date 
shall have the meaning provided in Section 1.1 . 

Closing Date Indebtedness 
means any Indebtedness of the Company outstanding as of immediately prior to the Closing. 

Closing Date Transaction
Costs means any costs, payables, fees, disbursements and expenses incurred by the Company or the Sellers in connection with
the negotiation, preparation or execution of the Transaction Documents and the consummation of the Transactions, including fees and expenses
of the Company s or any Seller s financial advisors, legal counsel, investment bankers, accountants and auditors, whether
accrued for or not, that are unpaid immediately prior to the Closing, and including, for clarity, bonuses, discretionary payments, severance
payments, retention payments or change-in-control payments payable by the Company or any of its Affiliates to any employee arising in
connection with or related to the Transactions, including the employer portion of any payroll, social security, unemployment or similar
Taxes attributable to any compensatory payment made in connection therewith. 

Closing Payment 
shall have the meaning provided in Section 1.2(a) . 

Closing Share Payment 
shall have the meaning provided in Section 1.2(a) . 

Closing Statement 
shall have the meaning provided in Section 1.3(b) . 

Code means
the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

Collins 
shall have the meaning provided in the Section titled STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT. 

Common Stock 
means the common stock, par value 0.001 per share, of Purchaser Parent. 

Company 
shall have the meaning provided in the section titled STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT. 

Company Bank Accounts 
means the Company s accounts with US Bank having account numbers ending in 6289. 

Company Benefit Plans 
shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.15(a) . 

Company Intellectual
Property Rights means (a) all Intellectual Property Rights for which the Company holds or purports to hold any license or rights,
and (b) all Company-Owned Intellectual Property Rights. 

Company-Owned Intellectual
Property Rights means all Intellectual Property Rights that the Company owns or purports to own. 

Company Registered
Intellectual Property Rights shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.13(a). 

Company Shares 
shall have the meaning provided in the section titled RECITALS. 

Company Shares Amount 
shall have the meaning provided in Section 1.1 . 

Contracts 
means all contracts, leases, licenses, arrangements, indentures, notes, bonds, mortgages, loans, instruments, guaranties and other agreements
(including any amendments and other modifications thereto, but excluding all purchase orders) to which the Company is a party or which
is otherwise binding on the Company (whether oral, written or otherwise). 

Contributor 
shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.13(e) . 

40 

COVID-19 
means the diseases caused by SARS-CoV-2 virus or COVID-19, and any evolutions or mutations thereof or related and/or associated epidemics,
pandemic or disease outbreaks. 

COVID-19 Effect 
means any event, condition, state of facts, change, occurrence, circumstance or development related to: (a) the presence, transmission,
threat or fear of COVID-19; or (b) any mandatory or advisory restriction, quarantine, shelter in place , stay at home ,
workforce reduction, remote or telework policy, social distancing, shut down, closure, sequester or other Law issued by any Governmental
Entity in connection with or in response to COVID. 

Disclosure Schedules 
means the disclosure schedules delivered by the Sellers concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement. 

Dispute Notice 
shall have the meaning provided in Section 1.3(d) . 

Effective Date 
shall have the meaning provided in the section titled STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT. 

Employee Benefit Plan 
means (i) each employee benefit plan as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA, whether or not subject to ERISA; (ii) all Contracts with employees,
consultants or contractors entered into in connection with such individual s provision of services to the Company, (iii) any equity
bonus, equity purchase, option, restricted equity, appreciation right, profits interest, profit sharing, retention, severance, change
in control, transaction, bonus, deferred compensation, incentive or similar equity-based plan or agreement and (iv) each retirement, welfare,
insurance or fringe benefit plan or arrangement, whether or not subject to ERISA and whether or not funded, including, without limitation,
deferred compensation, severance, change of control, bonus, vacation, paid time off, incentive, health, disability and other welfare benefit
plans. 

Employment Contract 
means the, collectively, the offer letters and the Confidentiality, Non-Compete and Non-Solicitation Agreements, each dated as of the
date hereof, by and between Purchaser and certain employees of the Company. 

Encumbrance 
shall mean any lien, pledge, hypothecation, charge, mortgage, security interest, encumbrance, equity, trust, equitable interest, claim,
preference, right of possession, lease, tenancy, license, encroachment, covenant, infringement, interference, Order, proxy, option, right
of first refusal, preemptive right, community property interest, legend, defect, impediment, exception, reservation, limitation, impairment,
imperfection of title, condition or restriction of any nature (including any restriction on the voting of any security, any restriction
on the transfer of any security or other asset, any restriction on the receipt of any income derived from any asset, any restriction on
the use of any asset and any restriction on the possession, exercise or transfer of any other attribute of ownership of any asset), except,
with respect to equity interests, restrictions on transfer under applicable securities laws. 

Environmental Law 
means any Law or Permit relating to the regulation or protection of the environment, occupational or human health and safety, or to emissions,
discharges, releases or threatened releases of Hazardous Substances into the environment (including, without limitation, ambient air,
soil, surface water, ground water, wetlands, land or subsurface strata) or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution,
use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Substances, including without limitation the Comprehensive Environmental
Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.), the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.),
the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.), the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2701 et
seq.), the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976 RCRA (42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.), the Safe Drinking Water
Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.), the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.), and the Pollution Prevention Act
of 1990, (42 U.S.C. 13101 et seq.) and the state and local counterparts thereof.. 

41 

ERISA means
the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

ERISA Affiliate 
means any Person (whether incorporated or unincorporated) that together with the Company would be deemed a single employer 
within the meaning of Section 414 of the Code. 

Financial Statements 
shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.5(a) . 

Financial Statements
Date shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.5(a) . 

First Note Payment 
shall have the meaning provided in Section 1.4(a) . 

First Note Payment
Date shall have the meaning provided in Section 1.4(a) . 

Fundamental Representations 
shall mean Section 2.1 Organization and Power of the Company; Capitalization ),
 Section 2.2 Due Authorization ; Enforceability ), Section 2.12 No
Broker or Finder; Fees ), Section 2.16 Related Party Transactions ), Section 2.20 (Environmental), Section
3.1 (Power and Authorization), Section 3.2 (Enforceability), Section 3.5 (No Broker or Finder; Fees) and Section 3.6 
(Amounts Owed to the Sellers). 

Governmental Entity 
means any federal, state, local or foreign government, any political subdivision thereof, or any arbitrator, court, administrative or
regulatory agency, department, instrumentality, body or commission or other governmental authority or agency, domestic or foreign. 

Guaranty Agreement 
means the Guaranty and Security Agreement entered into between the Purchaser and the Sellers Representative, dated as of the Closing
Date, in the form agreed by the Purchaser and the Sellers Representative. 

Hazardous Substance 
means any waste, pollutant, contaminant, toxic substance or hazardous substance or waste regulated by, or for which liability or standards
of care are imposed by, any Environmental Law, including, without limitation, petroleum, including crude oil or any fraction thereof,
any radioactive material, polychlorinated biphenyls and asbestos in any form or condition. 

Indebtedness 
means with respect to the Company, without duplication, any and all (i) indebtedness for money borrowed from others and purchase money
indebtedness, in each case whether secured or unsecured or evidenced by notes, debentures, bonds or other debt instruments; (ii) all
obligations evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, letters of credit, or similar instruments; (iii) all obligations in respect of any
interest rate swap, hedge, collars or cap agreement (including any amounts payable in connection with the termination or settlement of
hedging obligations); (iv) accrued but unpaid interest expense and unpaid penalties, fees, fines, charges and prepayment premiums; (v)
capital lease obligations of the Company, including all vehicle and equipment leases of the Company; (vi) off-balance sheet financing,
including synthetic leases and project financing; (vii) obligations for the deferred purchase price of property or services, including
all earn out, installment and similar contingent payment obligations arising from the acquisition of any business; (viii) purchase price
indebtedness created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement with respect to property acquired; (ix)
indebtedness secured by a mortgage, security interest or other Encumbrance; (x) all obligations in respect of any deferred compensation,
bonus or incentive plan, agreement, arrangement or policy sponsored or maintained by the Company, including the employer portion of any
payroll, social security, unemployment or similar Taxes attributable thereto; (xi) any credit balances owed to customers; (xii) amounts
or obligations in respect of any capital expenditures to be made or paid prior to Closing that are not made or paid in full prior to
the Closing; (xiii) reimbursement obligations under any letter of credit, banker s acceptance or similar credit transaction; (xiv)
guarantees of any of the items set forth in the foregoing clauses (i) through (xiii) or any other guarantee of any indebtedness or obligation
of a third party; (xv) all outstanding principal, accrued and unpaid interest (or interest equivalent), expenses, fees, penalties, prepayment
premiums or penalties, make-whole payments, consent or breakage fees, and other amounts payable, with respect to the items in each of
the foregoing clauses (i) through (xiv). 

42 

Indemnifiable Losses 
with respect to any claim by an Indemnified Party for indemnification pursuant to this Agreement, means any and all losses, Liabilities,
claims, penalties, damages, obligations, decline in value, payments, fines, costs and expenses (including the costs and expenses of any
and all Actions, demands, assessments, judgments, settlements and compromises relating thereto and costs of investigation and reasonable
attorneys fees actually incurred in connection therewith), including without limitation all consequential and incidental damages
of any kind (including with respect to financial earnings, diminution of value and multiple of earnings) suffered by such Indemnified
Party (it being understood that in calculating Indemnifiable Losses incurred by the Purchaser Parties no discount shall be applied in
light of any proportional equity interest. 

Indemnified Party 
means the Seller Parties having a right to be indemnified by Purchaser on the one hand, or the Purchaser Parties having a right to be
indemnified by the Sellers on the other hand, as the case may be, pursuant to Section 6.1 . 

Indemnified Taxes 
means (a) any and all Taxes (or the non-payment thereof) of the Company for all taxable periods (or portions thereof) ending on or prior
to the Closing Date, (b) any liability for the payment of any amounts of the type described in clause (a) of this definition as a result
of the Company being a member of an affiliated, consolidated, combined or unitary group for any Tax period, including pursuant to Treasury
Regulations Section 1.1502-6 (or any analogous or similar applicable state, local or foreign Tax Law), and (c) any liability for the payment
of any amounts of the type described in clause (a) or (b) as a result of the Company being liable for another Person s Taxes as
a transferee or successor, by Contract or otherwise by operation of Law. 

Indemnifying Party 
means a Seller having an obligation to indemnify the Purchaser Parties on the one hand, or Purchaser having an obligation to indemnify
the Seller Parties on the other hand, as the case may be, pursuant to Section 6.1 . 

Insurance Contracts 
shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.19 . 

Intellectual Property
Rights means any and all common law or statutory rights anywhere in the world arising under or associated with (i) patents,
patent applications, patent disclosures, statutory invention registrations, registered designs, and similar or equivalent rights in inventions
and designs, and all rights therein provided by international treaties and conventions Patents ), (ii) trademarks,
service marks, trade dress, trade names, logos, corporate names, and other designations of origin and registrations and applications for
registration thereof together with all of the goodwill associated therewith Marks ), (iii) copyrights (registered
or unregistered) and any other equivalent rights in works of authorship (including rights in software as a work of authorship) and any
other related rights of authors, and registrations and applications for registration thereof Copyrights ), (iv) mask
works and registrations and applications for registration thereof, (v) computer software programs, applications, data, data bases
and related technical documentation, (vi) trade secrets (including, without limitation, ideas, formulas, compositions, inventions
(whether patentable or unpatentable and whether or not reduced to practice), know-how, manufacturing and production processes and techniques,
research and development information, drawings, specifications, designs, plans, proposals, technical data, financial and marketing plans
and customer and supplier lists and information), in each case, that derives independent economic value, whether actual or potential,
from not being known to other Persons Trade Secrets , (vii) Internet domain names, uniform resource locators, Internet
Protocol addresses, social media handles, and other names, identifiers, and locators associated with Internet addresses, sites, and services,
and (viii) other similar or equivalent intellectual property rights anywhere in the world. 

43 

IRS shall
have the meaning provided in Section 2.15(a) . 

IT Assets 
means all software, computer systems, personal computers, laptops, notebook computers, mobile phones and other personal computing devices,
telecommunications equipment, databases, Internet Protocol addresses, data rights and documentation, reference and resource materials
relating thereto, and associated contracts and contract rights (including software license agreements, source code escrow agreements,
support and maintenance agreements, electronic database access contracts, website hosting agreements, software or website development
agreements, outsourcing agreements, service provider agreements, interconnection agreements and telecommunications agreements). 

Key Customers 
shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.18 . 

Key Suppliers 
shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.18 . 

Knowledge 
means (i) with respect to the Company, all facts known by Collins, Laila Collins, Yuriko Haq and Company management on the date hereof
or which would be known after reasonable inquiry and the exercise of reasonable diligence with respect to the matters at hand and (ii)
with respect to the Sellers, all facts known by any Seller on the date hereof or which would be known after reasonable inquiry and the
exercise of reasonably diligence with respect to the matters at hand. 

Laws mean
all statutes, laws, rules, codes, regulations, rulings, restrictions, ordinances, orders, decrees, approvals, directives, judgments, injunctions,
writs, awards and decrees of, or issued by, any Governmental Entity. 

Lease means
the three-year lease agreement by and between the Company and the lessor of the Company s current facilities with the terms of such
lease to be acceptable to Purchaser including the option for the Company to extend the lease for up to two additional three-year terms. 

Leased Real Property 
shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.6 . 

Legal Requirements 
shall mean any federal, state, local, municipal, foreign or other law, statute, legislation, constitution, principle of common law, resolution,
ordinance, code, edict, decree, proclamation, treaty, convention, rule, regulation, ruling, directive, pronouncement, requirement, specification,
determination, decision, opinion or interpretation that is or has been issued, enacted, adopted, passed, approved, promulgated, made,
implemented or otherwise put into effect by or under the authority of any Governmental Entity. 

Liability 
means any liability, Indebtedness, obligation, damages, loss, expense or commitment of any kind or nature, whether known or unknown, asserted
or unasserted, absolute or contingent, accrued or unaccrued, liquidated or unliquidated, or due or to become due. 

Lock-Up Period 
shall have the meaning provided in Section 5.8 . 

Market Disruption
Event means (a) a material adverse change in, or a material adverse effect upon, the operations, business, properties or condition
(financial or otherwise) of the Company; (b) a material impairment of the ability of the Company to perform in any material respect its
obligations under any Transaction Document; or (c) a material adverse effect upon the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability
of any material provision of any Transaction Document. 

Material Contracts 
shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.10(a) . 

NDA shall
have the meaning provided in Section 5.3 . 

Note shall
have the meaning provided in Section 1.2(b) . 

Note Amount 
shall have the meaning provided in Section 1.2(b) . 

Restrictive Covenant
Agreement means the restrictive covenant agreement to be executed by each Seller in substantially the form as attached hereto
as Exhibit D . 

44 

Order shall
mean any: (a) order, judgment, injunction, edict, decree, ruling, pronouncement, determination, decision, opinion, verdict, sentence,
subpoena, writ or award that is or has been issued, made, entered, rendered or otherwise put into effect by or under the authority of
any court, administrative agency or other Governmental Entity or any arbitrator or arbitration panel; or (b) Contract with any Governmental
Entity that is or has been entered into in connection with any Proceeding. 

Ordinary Course 
means the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices of the Company. 

Organizational Documents 
means the certificate of incorporation, bylaws (or equivalent organizational or governing documents), and other organizational or governing
documents, agreements or arrangements, each as amended to date of a Person. 

Party shall
have the meaning provided in the section titled STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT. 

Payoff Amounts 
shall have the meaning provided in Section 5.7 . 

Payoff Letter 
shall have the meaning provided in Section 5.7 . 

PCI-DSS 
means all applicable portions of the set of comprehensive requirements for enhancing payment account data security developed by the founding
payment brands of the PCI Security Standards Counsel (i.e., the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards), as amended from time to
time. 

Pending Claims 
means claims for recovery of Indemnifiable Losses pursuant to Section 6.1(a) that are pending at any time prior to the Survival
Date. 

Permits 
means all notifications, licenses, permits (including but not limited to those required by all Environmental Laws, as well as construction
and operation related permits), consents, qualifications, franchises, certificates, approvals, exemptions, classifications, registrations,
clearances, consents and other similar documents and authorizations issued by any Governmental Entity, and applications therefor. 

Permitted Encumbrances 
means (i) Encumbrances for Taxes not yet due and payable and (ii) Encumbrances of carriers, warehousemen, mechanics, materialmen
and repairmen incurred in the Ordinary Course, for which payment of monies is not yet delinquent. 

Person 
means any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, trust, labor union, unincorporated organization
or Governmental Entity. 

Personal Information 
means any information that identifies a particular individual and, when referring to a Law concerning the privacy or security of Personal
Information, has the same meaning as the similar or equivalent term defined under such Law. 

PPP Lender 
shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.22(e) . 

PPP Loan 
shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.22(e) . 

Pre-Closing Tax Period 
means any taxable period ending on or before the Closing Date and, with respect to any taxable period beginning before and ending after
the Closing Date, the portion of such taxable period ending on and including the Closing Date. 

45 

Privacy Laws 
means (a) all applicable Laws and contractual and fiduciary obligations related to data privacy, data protection, data security or marketing,
including the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons
with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (applicable as
of 25 May 2018), as amended, including any nation s implementing legislation and the equivalent laws of Switzerland, and the E-Privacy
Directive (i.e., Directive 2002/58/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 July 2002, and as amended in 2009, including
any nation s implementing legislation), the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended (Cal. Civ. Code 1798.100
to 1798.199), the Children s Online Privacy Protection Act, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, state data security laws, state social
security number protection laws, state data breach notification laws, state consumer protection laws, state biometric privacy laws, the
requirements and guidance set forth in regulations, guidelines and agreements containing consent orders published by regulatory authorities
such as the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, U.S. Federal Communications Commission, and applicable European Union and EU member state
data protection authorities, and all other applicable data protection laws of the jurisdictions in which Seller or any of its Affiliates
operate the Business or from which Seller or any of its Affiliates receive Protected Information in connection with the Business, as
currently in effect and as may be amended from time to time; (b) the internal privacy policy of Seller and its Affiliates and any public
statements that Seller and its Affiliates have made regarding its privacy policies and practices; (c) third party privacy policies with
which Seller or its Affiliates have been or is contractually obligated to comply with respect to the conduct of the Business; and (d)
any rules of any applicable self-regulatory organizations in which Seller or its Affiliates are or have been a member and/or with which
Seller or its Affiliates are or have been contractually obligated to comply. 

Privacy Policy means any past
or current written internal or external data privacy and security policies and statements of Seller and its Affiliates applicable to the
Business. 

Proceeding 
shall mean any Action, suit, litigation, arbitration, proceeding (including any civil, criminal, administrative, investigative or appellate
proceeding and any informal proceeding), prosecution, contest, hearing, inquiry, inquest, audit, examination or investigation that is
or has been commenced, brought, conducted or heard by or before, or that otherwise has involved or may involve, any Governmental Entity
or any arbitrator or arbitration panel. 

Protected Information 
means (a) Personal Information, (b) any other information that is governed, regulated or protected by one or more Privacy Laws, and (c)
any information that is covered by PCI-DSS. 

Purchase Price 
shall have the meaning provided in Section 1.2 . 

Purchaser 
shall have the meaning provided in in the section titled STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT. 

Purchaser Parent 
shall have the meaning provided in in the section titled STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT. 

Purchaser Parties 
shall have the meaning provided in Section 6.1(a) . 

Receivables 
shall include all receivables or rights to payment of any nature arising from the sale of any products or services offered by the Company. 

Registered Intellectual
Property Rights means all United States, international or foreign (i) issued Patents and Patent applications, (ii) registered
Marks and applications to register Marks, (iii) registered Copyrights and applications for Copyright registration, (iv) domain name registrations,
and (v) all other Intellectual Property that are registered with, issued by or applied for by or with any Governmental Entity or other
public or quasi-public legal authority (including domain name registrars). 

Related Party Agreement 
shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.16 . 

Release 
means any release, spill, emission, leaking, pumping, injection, deposit, disposal, discharge, dispersal, leaching or migration into the
indoor or outdoor environment or into or out of any property, including the movement of Hazardous Substances through or in the air, soil,
surface water or groundwater. 

46 

Relevant Stock Exchange 
means the Nasdaq Capital Market or, if the Common Stock is not then listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, the principal other national
or regional securities exchange or market on which the Common Stock is listed or admitted for trading. 

Remediation 
means any action required by a Governmental Entity or necessary pursuant to Environmental Law to (a) clean up, remove, treat or in any
other way address Hazardous Substances in the indoor or outdoor environment; (b) prevent the Release or threat of Release or minimize
the further Release of Hazardous Substances; or (c) perform pre remedial studies and investigations and post remedial monitoring and inspection. 

Repaid Indebtedness 
shall have the meaning provided in Section 5.7 . 

Resolution Accountants 
shall have the meaning provided in Section 1.3(e) . 

SEC means
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Second Note Payment 
shall have the meaning provided in Section 1.4(b) . 

Second Note Payment
Date shall have the meaning provided in Section 1.4(b) . 

Securities Act 
shall have the meaning provided in Section 3.8 . 

Security Breach 
shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.13(i) . 

Seller 
shall have the meaning provided in the section titled STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT. 

Seller Parties 
shall have the meaning provided in Section 6.1(b) . 

Sellers Representative 
shall have the meaning provided in Section 7.14 . 

Straddle Period 
means a Taxable period that begins on or before, and ends after the Closing Date. 

Survival Date 
shall have the meaning provided in Section 6.4(a)(ii) . 

Tangible Property 
shall mean all equipment, leaselines, materials, inventory, prototypes, tools, supplies, furniture, fixtures, improvements and all other
tangible assets of the Company. 

Target Working Capital 
shall have the meaning provided in Section 1.3(a)(i) . 

Tax Return 
means any report, return, bill, claim for refund, declaration or other information return or statement required to be supplied to a Governmental
Entity relating to Taxes, including any schedule or attachment thereto and any estimated returns and any amendment thereof. 

47 

Taxes (and
with correlative meanings, Tax , Taxable and Taxing means (i) any and all federal, state, local,
foreign or other taxes, assessments, charges, duties, fees, levies and other governmental charges (however denominated or computed, and
including interest, penalties or additions associated therewith), including income, franchise, capital stock, real property, personal
property, tangible, withholding, employment, payroll, social security, social contribution, unemployment, worker s compensation,
unclaimed property and escheat, disability, transfer, sales, use, production, lease, transaction privilege, excise, severance, windfall
profits, profits, license, occupation, registration, stamp, premium, environmental, natural resources, documentary or documentation, customs
duties, tariff, import, alternative or add-on minimum, ad valorem, net worth, estimated, gross receipts, value-added and all other taxes
of any kind imposed by any Governmental Entity, in each case whether disputed or not and (ii) Liability for the payment of any amounts
of the type described in clause (i) as a transferee or successor, by Contract, from any express or implied obligation to indemnify, assume
or succeed to the Liability of any other Person, or otherwise. 

Transfer Taxes 
shall have the meaning provided in Section 5.1(a) . 

Transaction Documents 
means this Agreement, the Note, the Guaranty Agreement, and any certificates, Contracts or documents contemplated to be delivered hereunder
or in connection herewith. 

Transactions 
shall mean (a) the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the respective Transaction Documents and (b) all of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and the respective Transaction Documents, including, but not limited to: (i) the transfer of the Closing
Company Shares by the Sellers to Purchaser, (ii) the payment of the Closing Payment by Purchaser to the Sellers in accordance with this
Agreement; and (iii) the performance by the Sellers, the Company and Purchaser of their respective obligations under this Agreement
and the Transaction Documents and the exercise by the Sellers, the Company and the Purchaser of their respective rights under this Agreement
and the Transaction Documents. 

Treasury Regulations 
means the Income Tax Regulations, promulgated under the Code. 

WARN Act 
means the Workers Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act and all similar state Laws. 

Warranty 
shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.17 . 

Working Capital 
shall have the meaning provided in Section 1.3(a) . 

48 

EXHIBIT
B 

DISCLOSURE SCHEDULES 

A list of Disclosure Schedules
is set forth below for convenience of reference: 

1. Schedule 1.2(c)(vii) : Related Party Agreements to be Retained 

2. Schedule 1.2(c)(x) : Consents, Notices, Approvals, Waivers, and Authorizations 

3. Schedule 1.3(a) : Working Capital Example 

4. Schedule 2.1(a) : List of Jurisdictions 

5. Schedule 2.1(b) : Capitalization 

6. Schedule 2.1(c) : Outstanding Options, Warrants, Etc. 

7. Schedule 2.3 : Conflicts; Consents 

8. Schedule 2.4(b) : Permits 

9. Schedule 2.5(a) : Financial Statements 

10. Schedule 2.6 : Leased Real Property 

11. Schedule 2.7 : Change in Business 

12. Schedule 2.7(i) : Bonuses and Salary Increases 

13. Schedule 2.9(a)(i) : Assets 

14. Schedule 2.9(a)(ii) : Encumbrances 

15. Schedule 2.9(c) : Location of Tangible Property 

16. Schedule 2.10(a) : Material Contracts 

17. Schedule 2.11(b) : Audited Tax Returns 

18. Schedule 2.12 : Broker or Finder; Fees 

19. Schedule 2.13(a) : Company Registered Intellectual Property Rights 

20. Schedule 2.13(c) : Notices of Intellectual Property Infringements 

49 

21. Schedule 2.13(d) : License Fees 

22. Schedule 2.13(e) : Contributors 

23. Schedule 2.14(a) : Employees and Contractors 

24. Schedule 2.14(b) : Collective Bargaining Agreements 

25. Schedule 2.14(d) : At-Will Employees 

26. Schedule 2.15(a) : Company Benefits Plans 

27. Schedule 2.15(b) : Contributions to Title IV of ERISA Company Benefit Plans 

28. Schedule 2.16 : Related Party Agreements 

29. Schedule 2.17 : Product and Service Warranties 

30. Schedule 2.18(a) : List of Key Customers 

31. Schedule 2.18(b) : List of Key Suppliers 

32. Schedule 2.19 : Insurance Policies 

33. Schedule 2.20(f) : Environmental Indemnification 

34. Schedule 2.22(a) : COVID-19 Material Impacts 

35. Schedule 2.22(b) : COVID-19 Effects 

36. Schedule 2.22(c) : COVID-19 Actions 

37. Schedule 2.22(d) : COVID-19 Effects on Customers and Suppliers 

38. Schedule 2.23(a) : Proceedings, Orders 

39. Schedule 3.6 : Broker; Finder Fees 

40. Schedule 5.7 : Repaid Indebtedness 

50 

</EX-10.17>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 f10k2023ex21-1_akoustistech.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY

Exhibit 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES OF AKOUSTIS TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

Akoustis, Inc., a Delaware corporation 

Grinding Dicing Services, Inc., a California corporation 

RFM Integrated Device Inc., a Texas corporation 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 f10k2023ex23-1_akoustistech.htm
 CONSENT OF MARCUM LLP

Exhibit 23.1 

Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the
Registration Statement of Akoustis Technologies, Inc. on Form S-3 (File Nos.
333-262540, 333-218245, 333-222552, and 333-267394), Form S-1 (File No. 333-225870), and Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-269110, 333-235665, 333-228451,
333-222917, and 333-215153), of our report dated September 6, 2023, with respect to our audits of the consolidated financial statements
of Akoustis Technologies, Inc. as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 and for each of the two years in the period ended June 30, 2023, which report
is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Akoustis Technologies, Inc. for the year ended June 30, 2023. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

Marcum llp 

 New York, NY 

 September 6, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 f10k2023ex31-1_akoustistech.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR
15d-14(a) 

 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I, Jeffrey B. Shealy, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Akoustis Technologies, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying
officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for
the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying
officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: September 6, 2023 
 /s/ Jeffrey B. Shealy 

Jeffrey B. Shealy 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 f10k2023ex31-2_akoustistech.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR
15d-14(a) 

 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I, Kenneth E. Boller, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Akoustis Technologies, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying
officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for
the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying
officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: September 6, 2023 
 /s/ Kenneth E. Boller 

Kenneth E. Boller 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 f10k2023ex32-1_akoustistech.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Akoustis
Technologies, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jeffrey B. Shealy, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in
the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: September 6, 2023 
 /s/ Jeffrey B. Shealy 

Jeffrey B. Shealy 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form
within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained
by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 f10k2023ex32-2_akoustistech.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Akoustis
Technologies, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Kenneth E. Boller, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in
the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: September 6, 2023 
 /s/ Kenneth E. Boller 

Kenneth E. Boller 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form
within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained
by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 16
 akts-20230630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 17
 akts-20230630_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 18
 akts-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 19
 akts-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 20
 akts-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

