<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230928_10-K_edgar_data_355019_0000355019-23-000044.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8924012</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>195874</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1518308</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3655928</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1585821</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1713177</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000355019-23-000044.hdr.sgml : 20230928
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230928152718
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000355019-23-000044
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		94
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230928
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230928

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FONAR CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000355019
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTROMEDICAL & ELECTROTHERAPEUTIC APPARATUS [3845]
		IRS NUMBER:				112464137
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-10248
		FILM NUMBER:		231289120

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		110 MARCUS DR
		CITY:			MELVILLE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11747
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6316942929

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		110 MARCUS DRIVE
		CITY:			MELVILLE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11747

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000355019-23-000044.txt : 20230928

10-K
 1
 fonar_10-k.htm
 FONAR CORPORATION FORM 10-K AT JUNE 30, 2023

SECURITIES
 AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON,
 D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
 the fiscal year ended , 2023 

OR 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
 the transition period from _____________ to _____________ 

Commission
 File No. 

(Exact
 name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 of incorporation) 
 (IRS
 Employer Identification Number) 

, , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip
 Code) 

(Registrant's
 Telephone Number, including area code) 

Securities
Registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act 

Title
 of Each Class 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Exchange
 Registered 

Capital Market 

Securities
Registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act 

 None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
.. 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 . 

Page 1 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No . 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer and smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 
 Emerging
 Growth Company 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes . 

The
aggregate market value of the shares of Common Stock held by non-affiliates as of December 31, 2022 based on the closing price of 16.75
per share on such date as reported on the NASDAQ System, was approximately million. The other outstanding classes do not have
a readily determinable market value. 

As
of September 8, 2023 , shares of Common Stock, shares of Class B Common Stock,
 shares of Class C Common Stock and shares of Class A Non-voting Preferred Stock of the registrant were outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

 NONE 

Page 2 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

FORM
 10-K ITEMS 
 
 PAGE 
 
 PART
 I 
 
 Item
 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 3 

Item
 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 26 

Item
 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 29 

Item
 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 29 

Item
 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 29 

Item
 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 29 
 
 PART
 II 
 
 Item
 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 30 

Item
 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 
 
 31 

Item
 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 31 

Item
 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 39 

Item
 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 39 

Item
 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 81 

Item
 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 81 

Item
 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 82 

Item
 9C. 
 
 Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 82 
 
 PART
 III 
 
 Item
 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 82 

Item
 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 86 

Item
 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 88 

Item
 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 90 

Item
 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 91 
 
 PART
 IV 
 
 Item
 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 92 

Page 3 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

GENERAL 

FONAR
Corporation, sometimes referred to as the Company or FONAR , is a Delaware corporation which was incorporated
on July 17, 1978. Our address is 110 Marcus Drive, Melville, New York 11747 and our telephone number is 631-694-2929. FONAR also maintains
a website at www.fonar.com. FONAR provides copies of its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and
8-K and amendments to these reports to stockholders on request. 

We
conduct our business in two segments. Our medical equipment segment is conducted directly through FONAR. Our physician management and
diagnostic services segment is conducted through our subsidiary Health Management Corporation of America HMCA ). HMCA provides
management services, administrative services, billing and collection services, credentialing services, contract negotiations, compliance
consulting, purchasing, IT services, hiring, conducting interviews and managing personnel, storage of medical records, office space,
equipment, repair, maintenance service, and clerical and other non-medical personnel to medical providers engaged in diagnostic imaging.
In addition to acting as a management company, HMCA owns and operates five diagnostic imaging facilities in Florida, where the corporate
practice of medicine is permitted. 

FONAR
is engaged in the business of designing, manufacturing, selling and servicing magnetic resonance imaging scanners, also referred to as
 MRI or MR scanners, which utilize MRI technology for the detection and diagnosis of human disease, abnormalities,
other medical conditions and injuries. FONAR s founders built the first MRI scanner in 1977 and FONAR introduced the first commercial
MRI scanner in 1980. FONAR is also the originator of the iron-core non-superconductive and permanent magnet MRI technology. 

FONAR s
iron frame technology made FONAR the originator of open MRI scanners. We introduced the first open MRI in
1980. Since that time we have concentrated on further application of our open MRI, introducing most recently the Upright 
Multi-Position MRI scanner (also referred to as the Upright or Stand-Up MRI scanner)
and the FONAR 360 MRI scanner. The FONAR 360 MRI is not presently being marketed. 

See
Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for separate financial information regarding our medical equipment and physician and
diagnostic management services segments. 

Page 4 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS. 

Certain
statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are forward-looking statements , within the meaning of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995, regarding the plans and objectives of Management for future operations. Such statements involve known
and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different
from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements
are based on current expectations that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Our plans and objectives are based, in part, on assumptions
involving the expansion of business. These assumptions involve judgments with respect to, among other things, future economic, competitive
and market conditions and future business decisions, all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which
are beyond our control. Although we believe that our assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the
assumptions could prove inaccurate and, therefore, there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements included in this Annual
Report will prove to be accurate. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in our forward-looking statements, the inclusion
of such information should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that our objectives and plans will be achieved. 

MEDICAL
EQUIPMENT SEGMENT 

PRODUCTS 

The
Upright MRI scanner is the product we are presently promoting. 

The
Upright MRI is a whole-body MRI, meaning that it can be used to scan virtually any part of the body. 

The
Upright MRI differs from conventional MRI scanners in that it is not limited to scanning patients in the recumbent posture. For
example, patients can be scanned while sitting, standing, bending, or lying down. 

The
Upright MRI is also, by design, a non-claustrophobic MRI scanner. The Upright MRI employs a dipole magnet whose magnetic field
orientation is transverse to the axis of the patient s body. The gap between the poles of the magnet is the space into which the
patient is placed. Because the magnetic field direction is horizontal and transverse to the body, a patient who is scanned seated or
standing has an unobstructed view out of the gap of the magnet. In typical installations, patients watch television while being scanned,
without the aid of special glasses with mirrors. 

The
fact that the patient space is unobstructed permits scanning in a variety of postures that cannot be duplicated in conventional MRI scanners.
Most conventional MRI scanners in use today employ solenoidal super-conducting magnets whose magnetic field orientation is along the
axis of the patient s body, which must be placed into the bore of the scanner in either a supine or prone posture. Our experience
is that when presented with a choice between being scanned lying down in a tunnel-like enclosure or seated in an open MRI, most patients
will choose the latter. 

Page 5 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

The
Upright MRI facilitates patient scanning in a variety of postures thanks to a unique, three-axis patient handling system. The motorized
patient table, or bed, can be rotated to any angle between 0 (horizontal) and 84 degrees (nearly vertical). Unlike a conventional recumbent
MRI patient table, which can only move into or out of the scanner s bore, the Upright MRI bed can be translated with two degrees
of freedom, in/out and up/down. User-friendly software allows the scanner operator to move the anatomical region of interest precisely
to the center of the magnet using a cursor placed on a localizer image. Anatomically true image orientation is assured, regardless of
the rotation angle of the bed, via computer read-back of the table s position. A seat can be hooked onto the bed in a variety of
locations, or removed, as needed. Transpolar VersaRests and other devices can be used to keep the patient comfortable and motionless
throughout the scanning process. 

IMAGE
QUALITY AND FIELD STRENGTH 

Most
commercially available MRI scanners range in magnetic field strength from about 0.2 T (Tesla) to 7.0 T, and open MRI scanners range from
about 0.2 T to 1.2 T. 

Field
strength is an important characteristic of MRI scanners, but not the only one. Higher field strengths generally provide higher signal-to-noise
ratios (SNR) on account of the Boltzmann distribution, but SNR is not the only determinant of image quality. For example, the spin-lattice
relaxation time T1 that characterizes the nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) signal increases with field strength, decreasing the difference
in T1 values between tissues that is an essential contributor to contrast in images. For example, grey/white matter contrast in the brain
falls off rapidly above about 1.0 T, and some studies have shown that optimal tissue contrast occurs in the mid-field region, down to
0.2 T. Imaging bandwidth, receiver coil design, pulse sequence design, and scan parameters significantly affect image quality. Indeed,
researchers and MRI vendors are pushing the boundaries of MRI technology in both directions, that is, to very low (1 199 mT)
and very high (7.0 T and above) field strengths for a variety of technical and diagnostic reasons. For instance, one advantage of lower
field strengths is that image artifacts arising from metallic implants such as surgical screws diminish as field strength decreases.
This is particularly important for surgeons referring their postoperative patients for diagnostic imaging studies. 

The
Upright MRI operates at a mid-field strength of 0.6 T and enjoys wide acceptance in the radiological community. The scanner is diagnostically
versatile and equipped with a broad range of clinically proven imaging protocols that produce images of exceptional quality, and a fully-featured,
robust, and user-friendly software interface. 

DIAGNOSTIC
ADVANTAGES OF POSITIONAL MRI 

Apart
from its attractiveness as an open, non-claustrophobic, general-purpose MRI, the Upright MRI can deliver diagnostically relevant
information that correlates with patient posture. 

For
example, a variety of injuries to and pathologies of the spine, such as spondylolisthesis slipped disc ), may go undetected
in the recumbent posture, but manifest themselves when the patient is scanned in a normal, weight-bearing physiological position, such as seated, or seated in forward flexion, extension, or standing. 

Page 6 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

The
Upright MRI has demonstrated its value for patients suffering from scoliosis, who typically undergo regular x-ray exams over a course
of years. A study by the National Cancer Institute (2000) of 5,466 women with scoliosis reported a 70 increase in breast cancer resulting
from 24.7 chest x-rays received on average over the course of their treatment. Prior to the advent of the Upright MRI, the x-ray
machine was the only imaging modality that could evaluate the condition because the patient must be imaged standing. FONAR has developed
an RF receiver coil and a 3D scanning protocol that for the first time allows scoliosis patients to obtain diagnostic, multi-slice images
of their spines while standing, without the risks associated with radiation, and with the soft-tissue-contrast benefits of MRI over x-ray. 

The
utility of upright, weight-bearing MRI is not limited to the spine. For example, approximately one in a thousand people (some 200,000
to 500,000 in the US) have a congenital condition known as Chiari malformation, an abnormality of the brain at the junction with the
spine at the base of the skull. In people with Chiari malformation, the lowest lying structures of the brain, the tonsils of the cerebellum,
descend into and become entrapped by the foramen magnum, the circular bony opening at the base of the skull where the spinal cord exits.
While most of these individuals are asymptomatic, many suffer from more severe forms of the syndrome (e.g., type II or Arnold-Chiari
syndrome), in which brain stem compression results in severe neurological symptoms. The Chiari syndrome is also called Cerebellar Tonsillar
Ectopia (CTE) because of the displacement (ectopia) of the cerebellar tonsils. Classic symptoms of Chiari syndrome include the drop
attack, in which the afflicted individual unexpectedly experiences an explosive rush at the base of the brain that runs down the
body to the extremities, causing the patient to collapse in a temporary neuromuscular paralysis. These symptoms subside when the patient
is lying down. Conventional lie-down MRI scanners cannot make an adequate evaluation of the pathology since this pathology is most visible
and the symptoms are most acute when the patient is scanned in the upright, weight-bearing position (Brain Injury 2010, 24 (7-8) 988-994). 

In
the body, the Upright MRI is being utilized in a variety of ways, for example to image pelvic organ prolapse in the standing posture,
inguinal hernias, defecation in the sitting posture (utilizing cine MRI), and the prostate in the sitting posture (utilizing a flat,
multi-channel receiver coil on top of which the patient simply sits). 

PRODUCT
MARKETING 

FONAR s
principal marketing efforts in the medical equipment segment have been focused on the Upright MRI, which we believe is a unique
product. We expect to focus on the Upright MRI going forward. 

The
principal markets for the Company s scanners are private diagnostic imaging centers and hospital outpatient imaging facilities. 

We
use internal personnel and independent manufacturer s representatives for domestic and foreign sales. 

FONAR s
marketing strategy has been designed to reach key purchasing decision makers with information concerning the Upright MRI. This has
led to many inquiries and some sales of the Upright MRI scanner and is intended to increase FONAR s presence in the medical
equipment market. FONAR focuses primarily on four target audiences: neurosurgeons, orthopedic surgeons, radiologists, and general physicians. 

Page 7 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Our
advertising for FONAR and HMCA reinforces the unique value provided by the FONAR Upright MRI scanner. We have increased internet
awareness of our product by driving patient traffic to the HMCA scanning centers we manage via the FONAR website as well as through websites
for each HMCA location. These websites give prospective customers of Upright MRI scanners a view of operating Upright MRI centers
and highlight the benefits of using the Upright MRI scanner. A complete list of the sites managed by HMCA can be found at HMCA s
website, www.hmca.com. 

SERVICE
AND UPGRADES FOR MRI SCANNERS 

Income
is generated from the installed base in two principal areas, namely, service and upgrades. Service and maintenance revenues from our
external installed base were approximately 7.5 million in fiscal 2023 and 7.7 million in fiscal 2022. 

We
expect to maintain service revenues at present levels or better, based on the demonstrated longevity of the Upright MRI scanner
and continued customer satisfaction with the product. Critical to this longevity and customer satisfaction is the stream of software
improvements and hardware upgrades that FONAR has delivered over the years to keep the scanners competitive with the latest technology
in the marketplace. We also anticipate that our installed base of scanners will generate income from upgrades in future fiscal years. 

RESEARCH
AND DEVELOPMENT 

During
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, we incurred expenditures of 1,567,749, none of which were capitalized, on research and development,
as compared to 1,494,181, none of which were capitalized, during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. 

Research
and development activities have focused principally on software improvements to the user interface of the MRI scanner. The Windows-based
Sympulse platform controls all of the functions of the Upright scanner except those of the versatile, multi-position patient
table. Separate, dedicated, motion-control software is used to maneuver the Upright bed, and development of this software is ongoing
as well. 

While
software improvements to the user interface are important in their own right, significant value is added to the MRI scanner by the modification
of existing protocols for examining various parts of the body, and the development of new protocols that utilize new underlying capabilities
of the pulse sequence software. Over time, FONAR users have become accustomed to the steady improvement in the recommended clinical protocols
that accompany new software releases. More significantly, in recent years we have seen increasing adoption of FONAR-recommended clinical
protocols over those developed on site. This is a testament to the superior image quality they produce in attractively short scan times. 

Page 8 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

The
development of clinically practical scan protocols and software depends on close contact between research and development scientists
and engineers, and end users. That close contact is facilitated in part by the relationship with HMCA and the scanning centers. In addition
to that collaboration, R D staff have pursued a variety of novel and Upright MRI-specific research projects. It is anticipated
that these will ultimately lead to new applications that are made available to existing customers as upgrade add-ons to their machines.
For example, phase-contrast imaging techniques originally developed for angiography have recently been applied to cerebro-spinal fluid
(CSF) flow. Analysis of CSF flow in upright and recumbent postures may prove to be of significant value in the evaluation of a variety
of disorders and lead to a better understanding of human physiology. 

BACKLOG 

Our
backlog of unfilled orders at September 8, 2023 was approximately 608,000, as compared to 844,000 at September 8, 2022. It is expected
that the existing backlog of orders will be filled during the 2023 fiscal year. 

PATENTS
AND LICENSES 

We
currently have numerous patents in effect which relate to the technology and components of our MRI scanners. We believe that these patents,
and the know-how we have developed, are material to our business. 

One
of our patents, issued in the name of Dr. Damadian and licensed to FONAR, was United States patent No. 3,789,832, Apparatus and Method
for Detecting Cancer in Tissue, also referred to in this report as the 1974 Patent . The 1974 Patent was the first MRI patent
issued by the United States Patent Office. The development of our MRI scanners has been based upon the 1974 Patent, and we believe that
the 1974 Patent was the first of its kind to utilize MR to scan the human body and to detect cancer. The 1974 Patent was extended beyond
its original 17-year term and expired in February, 1992. A number of FONAR s existing patents specifically relate to protecting
FONAR s position in the Upright MRI market. The patents further enhance Dr. Damadian s pioneer patent, the 1974 Patent, that
initiated the MRI industry and provided the original invention of MRI scanning. The terms of the patents in FONAR s portfolio extend
to various times. 

We
have significantly enhanced our patent position within the industry and now possess a substantial patent portfolio which provides us,
under the aegis of United States patent law, the exclusive right to make, use and sell many of the scanner features which
FONAR pioneered and which are now incorporated in most MRI scanners sold by the industry. As of June 30, 2023, 225 patents had been issued
to FONAR, and approximately 8 patents were pending. Two new patents were issued in fiscal year 2023. One patent describes an equipment
calibration system for ultrasound equipment used to non-invasively measure intracranial pressure. The other described a method for identifying
the presence and amount of vascular congestion using MRI. 

We
also have patent cross-licensing agreements with other MRI manufacturers. We have not licensed, however, any technology relating to Upright 
MRI scanning. 

Page 9 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

PRODUCT
COMPETITION 

MRI
SCANNERS 

FONAR
faces competition for MRI product sales from companies such as Siemens, General Electric, Hitachi, Philips, Canon, and United Imaging.
Each of these is primarily focused on the high-field (1.0 T and above) marketplace, though some have produced open MRI scanners for imaging
in the recumbent posture. None of these firms has so far introduced an open, upright MRI. 

In
recent years Paramed and Esaote have introduced MRI scanners aimed at the upright, weight-bearing MRI market. Their success in the US
has so far been limited. We believe that the higher field strength and larger dimensions of the FONAR Upright MRI magnet, together
with the greater variety of patient positioning possibilities afforded by the FONAR Upright MRI bed, give us a competitive advantage
over the products introduced by these companies. 

Most
of our competitors have marketing and financial resources more substantial than those available to us. They have in the past, and may
in the future, heavily discount the sales price of their scanners. 

OTHER
IMAGING MODALITIES 

FONAR s
MRI scanners also compete with other diagnostic imaging systems, all of which are based upon the ability of some form of energetic wave
to penetrate human tissue and be detected by either photographic film or electronic devices for presentation on a display monitor. Three
different kinds of energy waves x-ray, gamma, and sound are used in medical imaging techniques that compete with MRI,
the first two of which involve exposing the patient to potentially harmful radiation. These other imaging modalities compete with MRI
products on the basis of cost, space requirements, and specific clinical applications. 

X-rays
are the most common energy source used in imaging the body and are employed in three imaging modalities: conventional x-ray systems,
computerized tomography (CT), and digital radiography. None of these enjoy the exquisite soft-tissue contrast of MRI, but they do offer
high resolution imaging in certain applications and high speed of image acquisition. 

Nuclear
medicine systems, which are based upon the detection of photons (gamma radiation) generated by radioactive pharmaceuticals introduced
into the body, are used to provide information concerning soft tissue and internal body organs and particularly to examine organ function
over time. 

Ultrasound
systems emit, detect, and process high frequency sound waves reflected from organ boundaries and tissue interfaces to generate images
of soft tissue and internal body organs. Although the images are substantially less detailed than those obtainable with x-rays or MRI,
ultrasound is generally considered harmless and therefore has found applications in imaging the pregnant uterus and the breast, to name
two. 

Page 10 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

X-ray
(including CT), nuclear medicine, and ultrasound compete with the MRI scanners by offering significantly lower price and space requirements.
However, history has shown that the superior tissue contrast characteristics of MRI have secured its place as the diagnostic imaging
modality of choice for a wide variety of pathologies. 

GOVERNMENT
REGULATION 

FDA
Regulation 

The
Food and Drug Administration in accordance with Title 21 of the Code of Federal Regulations regulates the manufacturing and marketing
of FONAR s MRI scanners. The regulations can be classified as either pre-market or post-market. The pre-market requirements include
obtaining marketing clearance, proper device labeling, establishment registration and device listing. Once the products are on the market,
FONAR must comply with post-market surveillance controls. These requirements include the Quality Systems Regulation, or QSR ,
also known as Current Good Manufacturing Practices or CGMPs, and Medical Device Reporting, also referred to as MDR regulations. The QSR
is a quality assurance requirement that covers the design, packaging, labeling and manufacturing of a medical device. The MDR regulation
is an adverse event-reporting program. 

Classes
of Products 

Under
the Medical Device Amendments of 1976 to the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, all medical devices are classified by the FDA into
one of three classes. A Class I device is subject only to general controls, such as labeling requirements and manufacturing practices;
a Class II device must comply with certain performance standards established by the FDA; and a Class III device must obtain pre-market
approval from the FDA prior to commercial marketing. FONAR s products are Class II devices. Class II devices are subject to General
Controls General Controls include: 

1. Establishment
 registration of companies which are required to register under 21 CFR Part 807.20, such as
 manufacturers, distributors, re-packagers and re-labelers. 

2. Medical
 device listing with FDA of devices to be marketed. 

3. Manufacturing
 devices in accordance with the Current Good Manufacturing Practices Quality System Regulation
 in 21 CFR Part 820. 

4. Labeling
 devices in accordance with labeling regulations in 21 CFR Part 801 or 809. 

5. Submission
 of a Premarket Notification, pursuant to 510(k), before marketing a device. 

In
addition to complying with general controls, Class II devices are also subject to special controls. Special controls may include special
labeling requirements, guidance documents, mandatory performance standards and post-market surveillance. 

On
October 3, 2000 FONAR received FDA clearance for the Upright MRI under the name Indomitable . 

Page 11 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Premarketing
Submission 

Each
person who wants to market Class I, II and some III devices intended for human use in the U.S. must submit a 510(k) to FDA at least 90
days before marketing unless the device is exempt from 510(k) requirements. A 510(k) is a pre-marketing submission made to FDA to demonstrate
that the device to be marketed is as safe and effective, that is, substantially equivalent, SE, to a legally marketed device that is
not subject to pre-market approval, PMA. Applicants must compare their 510(k) device to one or more similar devices currently on the
U.S. market and make and support their substantial equivalency claims. 

The
FDA is committed to a 90-day clearance after submission of a 510(k), provided the 510(k) is complete and there is no need to submit additional
information or data. 

The
510(k) is essentially a brief statement and description of the product. As FONAR s scanner products are Class II products, there
are no pre-market data requirements. 

An
investigational device exemption, also referred to as IDE, allows the investigational device to be used in a clinical study pending FDA
clearance in order to collect safety and effectiveness data required to support the Premarket Approval, also referred to as PMA, application
or a Premarket Notification pursuant to 510(k), submission to the FDA. Clinical studies are most often conducted to support a PMA. 

For
the most part, however, we have not found it necessary to utilize IDE s. The standard 90 day clearance for our new MRI scanner
products classified as Class II products makes the IDE unnecessary, particularly in view of the time and effort involved in compiling
the information necessary to support an IDE. 

Quality
System Regulation 

The
Quality Management System is applicable to the design, manufacture, administration of installation and servicing of magnetic resonance
imaging scanner systems. The FDA has authority to conduct detailed inspections of manufacturing plants, to establish Good Manufacturing
Practices which must be followed in the manufacture of medical devices, to require periodic reporting of product defects and to prohibit
the exportation of medical devices that do not comply with the law. 

Medical
Device Reporting Regulation 

Manufacturers
must report all MDR reportable events to the FDA. Each manufacturer must review and evaluate all complaints to determine whether the
complaint represents an event which is required to be reported to FDA. Section 820.3(b) of the Quality Systems regulation defines a complaint
as, any written, electronic or oral communication that alleges deficiencies related to the identity, quality, durability, reliability,
safety, effectiveness, or performance of a device after it is released for distribution. 

Page 12 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

A
report is required when a manufacturer becomes aware of information that reasonably suggests that one of their marketed devices has or
may have caused or contributed to a death, serious injury, or has malfunctioned and that the device or a similar device marketed by the
manufacturer would be likely to cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if the malfunction were to recur. 

Malfunctions
are not reportable if they are not likely to result in a death, serious injury or other significant adverse event experience. 

A
malfunction which is or can be corrected during routine service or device maintenance still must be reported if the recurrence of the
malfunction is likely to cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if it were to recur. 

We
have established and maintained written procedures for implementation of the MDR regulation. These procedures include internal systems
that: 

provide
for timely and effective identification, communication and evaluation of adverse 

 events; 

provide
a standardized review process and procedures for determining whether or not an 

 event
is reportable; and 

provide
procedures to insure the timely transmission of complete reports. 

These
procedures also include documentation and record keeping requirements for information that was evaluated to determine if an event
was reportable; 

all
medical device reports and information submitted to the FDA; 

any
information that was evaluated during preparation of annual certification reports; and 

systems
that ensure access to information that facilitates timely follow up and inspection by 

 FDA. 

FDA
Enforcement 

FDA
may take the following actions to enforce the MDR regulation: 

FDA-Initiated
or Voluntary Recalls 

Recalls
are regulatory actions that remove a hazardous, potentially hazardous, or a misbranded product from the marketplace. Recalls are also
used to convey additional information to the user concerning the safe use of the product. Either FDA or the manufacturer can initiate
recalls. 

There
are three classifications, i.e., I, II, or III, assigned by the Food and Drug Administration to a particular product recall to indicate
the relative degree of health hazard presented by the product being recalled. 

Page 13 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Class
I 

Is
a situation in which there is a reasonable probability that the use of, or exposure to, a violative product will cause serious adverse
health consequences or death. 

Class
II 

Is
a situation in which use of, or exposure to, a violative product may cause temporary or medically reversible adverse health consequences
or where the probability of serious adverse health consequences is remote. 

Class
III 

Is
a situation in which use of, or exposure to, a violative product is not likely to cause adverse health consequences. 

FONAR
has initiated six voluntary recalls, which occurred between 1987-2016. Five of the recalls were Class II and one was Class III.
The recalls involved making minor corrections to the product in the field. Frequently, corrections which are made at the site of the
device are called field corrections as opposed to recalls. 

Civil
Money Penalties 

The
FDA, after an appropriate hearing, may impose civil money penalties for violations of the FD C Act that relate to medical devices.
In determining the amount of a civil penalty, FDA will take into account the nature, circumstances, extent, and gravity of the violations,
the violator s ability to pay, the effect on the violator s ability to continue to do business, and any history of prior
violations. 

Warning
Letters 

FDA
issues written communications to a firm, indicating that the firm may incur more severe sanctions if the violations described in the
letter are not corrected. Warning letters are issued to cause prompt correction of violations that pose a hazard to health or that involve
economic deception. The FDA generally issues the letters before pursuing more severe sanctions. 

Seizure 

A
seizure is a civil court action against a specific quantity of goods which enables the FDA to remove these goods from commercial channels.
After seizure, no one may tamper with the goods except by permission of the court. The court usually gives the owner or claimant of the
seized merchandise approximately 30 days to decide a course of action. If they take no action, the court will recommend disposal of the
goods. If the owner decides to contest the government s charges, the court will schedule the case for trial. A third option allows
the owner of the goods to request permission of the court to bring the goods into compliance with the law. The owner of the goods is
required to provide a bond or, security deposit, to assure that they will perform the orders of the court, and the owner must pay for
FDA supervision of any activities by the company to bring the goods into compliance. 

Page 14 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Citation 

A
citation is a formal warning to a firm of intent to prosecute the firm if violations of the FD C Act are not corrected. It provides
the firm an opportunity to convince FDA not to prosecute. 

Injunction 

An
injunction is a civil action filed by FDA against an individual or company. Usually, FDA files an injunction to stop a company from continuing
to manufacture, package or distribute products that are in violation of the law. 

Prosecution 

Prosecution
is a criminal action filed by FDA against a company or individual charging violation of the law for past practices. 

Foreign
and Export Regulation 

We
obtain approvals as necessary in connection with the sales of our products in foreign countries. In some cases, FDA approval has been
sufficient for foreign sales as well. Our standard practice has been to require either the distributor or the customer to obtain any
such foreign approvals or licenses which may be required. 

Legally
marketed devices that comply with the requirements of the Food Drug Cosmetic Act require a Certificate to Foreign Government issued
by the FDA for export. Other devices that do not meet the requirements of the FD C Act but comply with the laws of a foreign government
require a Certificate of Exportability issued by the FDA. All products which we sell have FDA clearance and would fall into the first
category. 

Foreign
governments have differing requirements concerning the import of medical devices into their respective jurisdictions. The European Union s
new medical device regulation, EU 2017/745 went into effect on May 25, 2021, and contains significant changes from the prior European
regulatory scheme. We have applied to the Notified Body, TUV-SUD, to perform a Conformity Assessment of our technical documentation and
our Quality Management System. We (optimistically) expect to have this completed by end of our third quarter, March 30, 2024. 

Other
countries require that their own testing laboratories perform an evaluation of our devices. This requires that we must bring the foreign
agency s personnel to the USA to perform the evaluation at our expense before exporting. 

Some
countries, including many in Latin America and Africa, have very few regulatory requirements, beyond FDA clearance. 

To
date, FONAR has been able to comply with all foreign regulatory requirements applicable to its export sales. 

Page 15 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

PHYSICIAN
AND DIAGNOSTIC SERVICES MANAGEMENT BUSINESS 

Health
Diagnostics Management, LLC (HDM) is owned by Health Management Corporation of America (70.8 and investors (29.2 ). Health Management
Corporation of America is owned 100 by FONAR Corporation. During the fiscal year 2022, the Company purchased non-controlling interests
from the minority shareholders for 546,000. 

HDM
operates under the assumed name Health Management Company of America HMCA ). 

The
combined business (HDM and Health Management Corporation of America) will be referred to as HMCA for all periods before
and after July 1, 2015, unless otherwise indicated. 

HMCA
provides comprehensive non-medical management services to diagnostic imaging facilities. These services include administrative services,
billing and collection services, credentialing services, contract negotiations, compliance consulting, purchasing IT services, hiring,
conducting interviews, training, supervision and management of non-medical personnel, storage of medical records, office space, equipment,
repair maintenance services, accounting, assistance with compliance matters and the development and implementation of practice growth
and marketing strategies. 

As
of June 30, 2023, HMCA managed a total of 41 MRI scanners of which twenty-four (24) scanners are located in New York and seventeen (17)
scanners are located in Florida. For the 2023 fiscal year, the revenues HMCA recognized from the MRI facilities has increased to 90.4
million from 89.4 million in fiscal 2022. Six of the facilities in Florida are owned by HMCA subsidiaries, where the corporate practice
of medicine is permitted. 

We
believe the utilization of FONAR Upright MRI scanning systems, which are produced under the protection of our patents, accounts
for the historically robust patient volume at the scanning facilities. During fiscal 2023, two scanners were installed in Casselberry,
Florida. We completed the consolidation of our two Manhattan centers into their new location in Midtown, removing the scanner previously
located at Avenue A. The extremity-only scanner at our Brooklyn location was deemed to be passed its useful life and was removed from
service. 

HMCA
GROWTH STRATEGY 

HMCA s
growth strategy focuses on upgrading and expanding the existing facilities it manages and expanding the number of facilities it either
owns or manages for its clients, including new sites. In connection with improving the performance of the facilities, we have added high
field MRI scanners, extremity scanners and x-ray machines to the Upright MRI scanners at certain of the sites where such additional
diagnostic imaging modalities are expected to produce the greatest return. 

Page 16 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

PHYSICIAN
AND DIAGNOSTIC MANAGEMENT SERVICES 

HMCA s
services to the facilities it manages encompass substantially all of their business operations. Each facility is controlled, however,
not by HMCA, but by the physician owner, or in the case of the six Florida sites owned by HMCA subsidiaries, by the medical director.
All medical services are performed by physicians and other medical personnel under the physician-owner s supervision. HMCA is the
management company and performs services of a non-medical nature. These services include: 

1.
Offices and Equipment. HMCA identifies, negotiates leases for and/or provides office space and equipment to its clients. This includes
technologically sophisticated medical equipment. HMCA also provides improvements to leaseholds, assistance in site selection and advice
on improving, updating, expanding and adapting to new technology. 

2.
Personnel. HMCA staffs all the non-medical positions of its clients with its own employees, eliminating the client s need to interview,
train and manage non-medical employees. HMCA processes the necessary tax, insurance and other documentation relating to employees. 

3.
Administrative. HMCA assists in the scheduling of patient appointments, purchasing of office and medical supplies and equipment and handling
of reporting, accounting, processing and filing systems. It prepares and files the physician portions of complex applications to enable
its clients to participate in managed care programs and to qualify for insurance reimbursement. HMCA assists the clients to implement
programs and procedures to ensure full and timely regulatory compliance and appropriate cost reimbursement under no-fault insurance and
Workers Compensation guidelines, as well as compliance with other applicable governmental requirements and regulations, including
HIPAA and other privacy requirements. 

4.
Billing and Collections. HMCA is responsible for the billing and collection of revenues from third-party payors including those governed
by No-Fault and Workers Compensation statutes. 

5.
Cost Saving Programs. Based on available volume discounts, HMCA seeks to assist in obtaining favorable pricing for office and medical
supplies, medical imaging film, equipment, contrast agents, such as gadolinuim, and magnavist and other inventory for its clients. 

6.
Diagnostic Imaging and Ancillary Services. HMCA can offer access to diagnostic imaging equipment through diagnostic imaging facilities
it manages. The Company is expanding the ancillary services offered in its network to include x-rays, and other MRI equipment such as
high-field (1.5 or 3.0 Tesla magnet strength) MRI scanners and extremity MRI scanners. 

7.
Marketing Strategies. HMCA is responsible for developing and proposing marketing plans for its clients. 

8.
Expansion Plans. HMCA assists the clients in developing expansion plans including the opening of new or replacement facilities where
appropriate. 

HMCA s
objective is to free physicians from as many non-medical duties as is practicable, allowing physicians to spend less time on business
and administrative matters and more time practicing medicine. 

Page 17 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

The
exceptions to this general model of operation are six of the facilities located in Florida. These Florida facilities are owned by limited
liability companies which, as our subsidiaries, conduct their operations directly and bill and collect their fees from the patients and
third-party payors. 

The
facilities enter into contracts with third-party payors, including managed care companies. None of HMCA s clients, however, participate
in any capitated plans or other risk sharing arrangements. Capitated plans are those HMO programs where the provider is paid a flat monthly
fee per patient. 

The
management fees payable by the facilities to HMCA are flat monthly fees. In fiscal 2023, the aggregate amount of active management fees
was 4,860,732 per month. In fiscal 2022, the aggregate amount of active management fees was 4,865,443 per month. 

Fees
under the management agreements are subject to adjustment by mutual agreement on an annual basis. 

Timothy
Damadian currently owns three HMCA-managed MRI facilities in Florida. The facilities were owned by Dr. Damadian until his passing in
August of 2022. The fees for these three sites are flat monthly fees which are subject to adjustment by mutual agreement on an annual
basis. In fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, the aggregate monthly amount of management fees payable to HMCA by these sites was 995,825. 

The
six Florida facilities owned by HMCA subsidiaries directly bill their patients or the patients insurance carriers. Patient fees
net of provision for bad debts were 29,793,993 in fiscal 2023 as compared to 29,582,238 in fiscal 2022. 

HMCA
had previously contracted with an outside billing company (located in Melville, New York) which performed billing and collection for
their clients No-Fault and Workers Compensation business. The Company had entered into a one year renewable agreement to
provide IT services to the billing company for a monthly fee of 23,884. This agreement was terminated on May 31, 2023. HMCA has been
handling these billing and collection services internally since the termination of this agreement. 

HMCA
MARKETING 

HMCA s
marketing strategy is to expand the business and improve the facilities which it manages. HMCA is seeking to increase the number of locations
of those facilities where market conditions are promising and to promote growth of our clients and Florida subsidiaries 
patient volume and revenue. 

Page 18 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

DIAGNOSTIC
IMAGING FACILITIES 

Diagnostic
imaging facilities managed by HMCA provide diagnostic imaging services to patients referred by physicians. The facilities are operated
in a manner which eliminates the admission and other administrative inconveniences of in-hospital diagnostic imaging services. Imaging
services are performed in an outpatient setting by trained medical technologists under the direction of physicians. Following diagnostic
procedures, the images are reviewed by the interpreting physicians who prepare reports of these tests and their findings. The vast majority
of reports for the New York facilities are transcribed by HMCA personnel and the remainder are outsourced to professional transcription
services. Reports for the Florida facilities are outsourced to professional transcription services. 

HMCA
develops marketing programs and educational programs in an effort to establish and maintain referring physician relationships for our
clients and Florida subsidiaries. 

Managed
care providers are an important factor in the diagnostic imaging industry. To further its position, HMCA is seeking to expand the imaging
modalities offered at its managed and owned diagnostic imaging facilities. Four facilities in New York and eight facilities in Florida
have two or more MRI scanners. One facility in New York and two in Florida also perform X-rays. During fiscal 2023, a new location was
opened in Casselberry, Florida. 

REIMBURSEMENT 

HMCA s
clients receive reimbursements for their services through Medicare, Medicaid, managed care, private commercial insurance, third-party
administrators, Workers Compensation, No-Fault and other insurance. 

Medicare 

The
Medicare program provides reimbursement for hospitalization, physician, diagnostic and certain other services to eligible persons 65
years of age and over and certain other individuals. Providers are paid by the federal government in accordance with regulations promulgated
by the Department of Health and Human Services, HSS, and generally accept the payment with nominal deductible and co-insurance amounts
required to be paid by the service recipient, as payment in full. Hospital inpatient services are reimbursed under a prospective payment
system. Hospitals receive a specific prospective payment for inpatient treatment services based upon the diagnosis of the patient. 

Under
Medicare s prospective payment system for hospital outpatient services, or OPPS, a hospital is paid for outpatient services on
a rate per service basis that varies according to the ambulatory payment classification group, or APC, to which the service is assigned
rather than on a hospital s costs. Each year the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, or CMS, publishes new APC rates that
are determined in accordance with the promulgated methodology. 

Services
provided in non-hospital based freestanding facilities are paid under the Medicare Physician Fee Schedule, or MPFS. All of HMCA s
clients are presently in this category. The MPFS is updated on an annual basis and sometimes modified more frequently. 

Page 19 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

We
have experienced reimbursement reductions for radiology services provided to Medicare beneficiaries, including reductions pursuant to
the Deficit Reduction Act, or DRA. 

CMS 
2010 regulatory changes to the MPFS included a downward adjustment to services primarily involving the technical component rather than
the physician work component, by adjusting downward malpractice payments for these services. These adjustments have been phased in over
a four year period. For our fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, Medicare revenues represented approximately 2.9 of the revenues for HMCA s
clients and subsidiaries as compared to 3.2 for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. 

Medicaid 

The
Medicaid program is a jointly-funded federal and state program providing coverage for low-income persons. In addition to federally-mandated
basic services, the services offered and reimbursement methods vary from state to state. In many states, Medicaid reimbursement is patterned
after the Medicare program; however, an increasing number of states have established or are establishing payment methodologies intended
to provide healthcare services to Medicaid patients through managed care arrangements. In fiscal 2023, approximately 0.05 of the revenues
of HMCA s clients were attributable to Medicaid, as compared to 0.07 in fiscal 2022. 

Managed
Care and Private Insurance 

Health
Maintenance Organizations, or HMO s, Preferred Provider Organizations, or PPOs, and other managed care organizations attempt to
control the cost of healthcare services by a variety of measures, including imposing lower payment rates, preauthorization requirements,
limiting services and mandating less costly treatment alternatives. Managed care contracting is competitive and reimbursement schedules
in many cases can be at or below Medicare reimbursement levels. Some managed care organizations have reduced or otherwise limited, and
other managed care organizations may reduce or otherwise limit, reimbursement in response to reductions in government reimbursement.
These reductions could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. These reductions have been, and any
future reductions may be, similar to the reimbursement reductions previously proposed. 

HMCA
COMPETITION 

The
physician and diagnostic management services field is highly competitive. A number of large hospitals have acquired medical practices
and this trend may continue. HMCA expects that more competition will develop. Many competitors have greater financial and other resources
than HMCA. 

Page 20 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

With
respect to the diagnostic imaging facilities managed by HMCA, the outpatient diagnostic imaging industry is highly competitive. Competition
focuses primarily on attracting physician referrals at the local market level and increasing referrals through relationships with managed
care organizations, as well as emphasizing to potential referral sources the advantages of Upright MRI scanning. HMCA believes that
principal competitors for the diagnostic imaging centers are hospitals and independent or management company-owned imaging centers. Competitive
factors include quality and timeliness of test results, ability to develop and maintain relationships with managed care organizations
and referring physicians, type and quality of equipment, facility location, convenience of scheduling and availability of patient appointment
times. HMCA believes that it will be able to effectively meet the competition in the outpatient diagnostic imaging industry with the
FONAR Upright MRI scanners and strategically placed high field MRI scanners at its facilities. 

GOVERNMENT
REGULATION APPLICABLE TO HMCA 

FEDERAL
REGULATION 

The
healthcare industry is highly regulated and changes in laws and regulations can be significant. Changes in the law or new interpretation
of existing laws can have a material effect on our permissible activities, the relative costs associated with doing business and the
amount of reimbursement by government and other third-party payors. 

Federal
False Claims Act 

The
federal False Claims Act and, in particular, the False Claims Act s qui tam or whistleblower provisions
allow a private individual to bring actions in the name of the government alleging that a defendant has made false claims for payment
from federal funds. After the individual has initiated the lawsuit the government must decide whether to intervene in the lawsuit and
to become the primary prosecutor. If the government declines to join the lawsuit, the individual may choose to pursue the case alone,
although the government must be kept apprised of the progress of the lawsuit, and may intervene later. Whether or not the federal government
intervenes in the case, it will receive the majority of any recovery. 

When
an entity is determined to have violated the federal False Claims Act, it must pay three times the actual damages sustained by the government,
plus mandatory civil penalties for each separate false claim and the government s attorneys fees. Liability arises when
an entity knowingly submits, or causes someone else to submit, a false claim for reimbursement to the federal government. The False Claims
Act defines the term knowingly broadly, though simple negligence will not give rise to liability under the False Claims
Act. Examples of the other actions which may lead to liability under the False Claims Act are set forth below: 

Failure
to comply with the many technical billing requirements applicable to our Medicare and Medicaid business; 

Failure
to comply with the prohibition against billing for services ordered or supervised by a physician who is excluded from any federal healthcare
program, or the prohibition against employing or contracting with any person or entity excluded from any federal healthcare program; 

Page 21 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Failure
to comply with the Medicare physician supervision requirements for the services we provide, or the Medicare documentation requirements
concerning physician supervision. 

The
Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009 expanded the scope of the False Claims Act by, among other things, broadening protections
for whistleblowers and creating liability for knowingly retaining a government overpayment, acting in deliberate ignorance of a government
overpayment or acting in reckless disregard of a government overpayment. The healthcare reform bills in the form of the Patient Protection
and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively, PPACA expanded
on changes made by the 2009 Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act with regard to such reverse false claims. Under PPACA, the
knowing failure to report and return an overpayment within 60 days of identifying the overpayment or by the date a corresponding cost
report is due, whichever is later, constitutes a violation of the False Claims Act. HMCA and its clients have never been sued under the
False Claims Act and believe they are in compliance with the law. 

Stark
Law 

Under
the federal Self-Referral Law, also referred to as the Stark Law , which is applicable to Medicare and Medicaid patients,
and the self-referral laws of various States, certain health practitioners, including physicians, chiropractors and podiatrists, are
prohibited from referring their patients for the provision of designated health services, including diagnostic imaging and physical therapy
services, to any entity with which they or their immediate family members have a financial relationship, unless the referral fits within
one of the specific exceptions in the statutes or regulations. The federal government has taken the position that a violation of the
federal Stark Law is also a violation of the Federal False Claims Act. Statutory exceptions under the Stark Law include, among others,
direct physician services, in-office ancillary services rendered within a group practice, space and equipment rental and services rendered
to enrollees of certain prepaid health plans. Some of these exceptions are also available under the State self-referral laws. HMCA believes
that it and its clients are in compliance with these laws. 

Anti-kickback
Regulation 

We
are subject to federal and state laws which govern financial and other arrangements between healthcare providers. These include the federal
anti-kickback statute which, among other things, prohibits the knowing and willful solicitation, offer, payment or receipt of any remuneration,
direct or indirect, in cash or in kind, in return for or to induce the referral of patients for items or services covered by Medicare,
Medicaid and certain other governmental health programs. Under PPACA, knowledge of the anti-kickback statute or the specific intent to
violate the law is not required. Violation of the anti-kickback statute may result in civil or criminal penalties and exclusion from
the Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs, and according to PPACA, now provides a basis for liability under the False
Claims Act. In addition, it is possible that private parties may file qui tam actions based on claims resulting from relationships
that violate the anti-kickback statute, seeking significant financial rewards. Many states have enacted similar statutes, which are not
limited to items and services paid for under Medicare or a federally funded healthcare program. Neither HMCA nor its clients engage in
this practice. 

Page 22 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

In
fiscal 2023, approximately 2.9 of the revenues of HMCA s clients were attributable to Medicare and 0.05 were attributable to
Medicaid. In fiscal 2022, approximately 3.2 of the revenues of HMCA s clients were attributable to Medicare and 0.07 were attributable
to Medicaid. 

Deficit
Reduction Act (DRA) 

On
February 8, 2006, the President signed into law the DRA. Effective January 1, 2007, the DRA provides that Medicare reimbursement for
the technical component for imaging services (excluding diagnostic and screening mammography) performed in freestanding facilities will
be capped. Payment is the lesser of the Medicare Physician Fee Schedule or the Hospital Outpatient Prospective Payment System (OPPS)
rates. Implementation of these reimbursement reductions contained in the DRA has had an adverse effect on our business. We have been
able to counter this effect by increasing our clients scan volumes through our vigorous marketing efforts and reducing our operating
expenses. 

The
DRA also codified the reduction in reimbursement for multiple images on contiguous body parts previously announced by CMS, the agency
responsible for administering the Medicare program. In November 2005, CMS announced that it would pay 100 of the technical component
of the higher priced imaging procedure and 50 of the technical component of each additional imaging procedure for imaging procedures
involving contiguous body parts within a family of codes when performed in the same session. CMS had indicated that it would phase in
this 50 rate reduction over two years, so that the reduction was 25 for each additional imaging procedure in 2006 and another 25 reduction
in 2007. However, for services furnished on or after July 1, 2010, the PPACA requires the full 50 reduction to be implemented. 

Health
Insurance Portability and Accountability Act 

Congress
enacted the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, in part, to combat healthcare fraud and to protect
the privacy and security of patients individually identifiable healthcare information. HIPAA, among other things, amends existing
crimes and criminal penalties for Medicare fraud and enacts new federal healthcare fraud crimes, including actions affecting non-governmental
healthcare benefit programs by means of false or fraudulent representations in connection with the delivery of healthcare services is
subject to a fine or imprisonment, or potentially both. In addition, HIPAA authorizes the imposition of civil money penalties against
entities that employ or enter into contracts with excluded Medicare or Medicaid program participants if such entities provide services
to federal health program beneficiaries. A finding of liability under HIPAA could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

Page 23 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Further,
HIPAA requires healthcare providers and their business associates to maintain the privacy and security of individually identifiable protected
health information PHI ). HIPAA imposes federal standards for electronic transactions, for the security of electronic health
information and for protecting the privacy of PHI. The Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009 HITECH ),
signed into law on February 17, 2009, dramatically expanded, among other things, (1) the scope of HIPAA to now apply directly to business
associates, or independent contractors who receive or obtain PHI in connection with providing a service to a covered entity, (2)
substantive security and privacy obligations, including new federal security breach notification requirements to affected individuals,
DHHS and prominent media outlets, of certain breaches of unsecured PHI, (3) restrictions on marketing communications and a prohibition
on covered entities or business associates from receiving remuneration in exchange for PHI, and (4) the civil and criminal penalties
that may be imposed for HIPAA violations, increasing the annual cap in penalties from 25,000 to 1.5 million per occurrence. In 2013
additional legal requirements were adopted to provide further protection for PHI. 

In
addition, many states have enacted comparable privacy and security statues or regulations that, in some cases, are most stringent than
HIPAA requirements. In those cases it may be necessary to modify our operations and procedures to comply with the more stringent state
laws, which may entail significant and costly changes for us. We believe that we are in compliance with such state laws and regulations.
However, if we fail to comply with applicable state laws and regulations, we could be subject to sanctions. 

We
believe that we are in compliance with the current HIPAA requirements, as amended by HITECH, together with other legislation and regulations,
and comparable state laws, but we anticipate that we may encounter certain costs associated with future compliance. Moreover, we cannot
guarantee that enforcement agencies or courts will not make interpretations of the HIPAA standards that are inconsistent with ours, or
the interpretations of our contracted radiology practices or their affiliated physicians. A finding of liability under the HIPAA standards
may result in significant criminal and civil penalties. Noncompliance also may result in exclusion from participation in government programs,
including Medicare and Medicaid. These actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results
of operations. 

Civil
Money Penalty Law and Other Federal Statutes 

The
Civil Money Penalty, or CMP, law covers a variety of practices. It provides a means of administrative enforcement of the anti-kickback
statute, and prohibits false claims, claims for medically unnecessary services, violations of Medicare participating provider or assignment
agreements and other practices. The statute gives the Office of Inspector General of the HHS the power to seek substantial civil fines,
exclusion and other sanctions against providers or others who violate the CMP prohibitions. 

In
addition, in 1996, Congress created a new federal crime: healthcare fraud and false statements relating to healthcare matters. The healthcare
fraud statute prohibits knowingly and willfully executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private payors.
A violation of this statute is a felony and may result in fines, imprisonment or exclusion from government sponsored programs such as
the Medicare and Medicaid programs. 

Page 24 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Certificates
of Need 

Some
states require hospitals and certain other healthcare facilities and providers to obtain a certificate of need, or CON, or similar regulatory
approval prior to establishing certain healthcare operations or services, incurring certain capital projects and/or the acquisition of
major medical equipment including MRI and PET/CT systems. We are not operating in any such states. 

Patient
Protection and Affordable Care Act 

On
March 23, 2010, President Obama signed into law healthcare reform legislation in the form of PPACA. The implementation of this law has
had a significant impact on the healthcare industry. Most of the provisions of PPACA are being phased in over time and can be conceptualized
as a broad framework not only to provide health insurance coverage to millions of Americans, but to fundamentally change the delivery
of care by bringing together elements of health information technology, evidence-based medicine, chronic disease management, medical
 homes, care collaboration and shared financial risk in a way that will accelerate industry adoption and change. We are
unable to predict the full impact of PPACA at this time primarily due to the previous administration s efforts to repeal and replace
the PPACA, or to utilize executive action to modify the Act s provisions where possible. 

State
Regulation 

In
addition to the federal self-referral law and federal Anti-kickback statute, many States, including those in which HMCA and its clients
operate, have their own versions of self-referral and anti-kickback laws. These laws are not limited in their applicability, as are the
federal laws, to specific programs. HMCA believes that it and its clients are in compliance with these laws. 

Various
States prohibit business corporations from practicing medicine. Various States, including New York, also prohibit the sharing of professional
fees or fee splitting. Consequently, in New York HMCA leases space and equipment to clients and provides clients with a range of non-medical
administrative and managerial services for agreed upon fees. Under Florida law a business entity can bill patients and third-party payors
directly if that entity is properly licensed through AHCA. All of the nine facilities in Florida are licensed healthcare clinics through
AHCA. 

HMCA s
clients and subsidiaries generate revenue from patients covered by no-fault insurance and workers compensation programs. For the
fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 approximately 58.4 of our clients receipts were from patients covered by no-fault insurance and
approximately 8.6 of our client s receipts were from patients covered by workers compensation programs. For the fiscal
year ended June 30, 2022, approximately 57.7. of HMCA s clients receipts were from patients covered by no-fault insurance
and approximately 8.6 of HMCA s clients receipts were from patients covered by workers compensation programs. The
foregoing numbers do not include payments from third-party administrators. In the event that changes in these laws alter the fee structures
or methods of providing service, or impose additional or different requirements, HMCA could be required to modify its business practices
and services in ways that could be more costly to HMCA or in ways that decrease the revenues which HMCA receives from its clients. 

Page 25 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Compliance
Program 

We
maintain a program to monitor compliance with federal and state laws and regulations applicable to the healthcare entities. The compliance
program includes the adoption of (i) Standards of Conduct for our employees and affiliates and (ii) a process that specifies how employees,
affiliates and others may report regulatory or ethical concerns. We believe that our compliance program meets the relevant standards
provided by the Office of Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services. 

 An
important part of our compliance program consists of conducting periodic audits of various aspects of our operations and that of the
contracted radiology practices. We also assist our clients with educational programs designed to familiarize them with the regulatory
requirements and specific elements of our compliance program. 

HMCA
believes that it and its clients are in compliance with applicable Federal, State and local laws. HMCA does not believe that such laws
will have any adverse material effect on its business. 

EMPLOYEES 

FONAR
and HMCA had approximately 561 employees as of September 12, 2023. This total number included employees engaged in production,
customer support, research and development, information technology, employees engaged in marketing and sales, billing and collection,
legal and compliance matters, as well as transcriptionists, Florida technologists, field service technicians and individuals in various
administrative positions. A significant number of employees were employed at the MRI facilities managed or owned by HMCA, primarily in
administrative positions. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

An
investment in our securities is subject to various risks, the most significant of which are summarized below. 

1. Reduced
 Reimbursement Rates. Most of our revenues are derived from our scanning center business conducted
 by HMCA. Our scanning center clients and the Florida facilities owned by HMCA are experiencing
 lower reimbursement rates from Medicare, other government programs and private insurance
 companies. To the extent possible, we counter these reductions by increasing scanning volume
 and controlling operating expenses. Inflation in the cost of both materials and labor have
 limited our ability to control our costs, negatively impacting our ability to maintain profitability
 in this business segment. 

2. Inflation
 and Increasing Interest Rates. Inflation has drastically increased our costs for both materials
 and labor. The Federal Reserve has increased interest rates substantially in an attempt to
 control inflation, which in turn has increased the cost of capital. Diagnostic imaging facilities
 require significant amounts of capital to operate, particularly in the context of opening
 new diagnostic imaging centers. These increased costs make it more difficult to achieve organic
 growth and extend the time that a new center takes to achieve profitability. Continued costs
 increases, coupled with reduced reimbursement rates, may threaten the profitability of our
 current operations and cause the cost of expansion to become prohibitively high. 

Page 26 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

3. Demand
 for MRI Scanners. The reduced margins have a negative effect on our sales of MRI scanners.
 With lower revenue projections, prospective customers demand lower prices for scanners. Although
 the reduced reimbursements may not affect foreign demand, a lower number of sales in the
 aggregate could reduce economies of scale and consequently, profit margins. 

4. Manufacturing
 Competition. Many if not most of our competing scanner manufacturers have significantly greater
 financial resources, production capacity, and other resources than we do. Such competitors
 would include General Electric, Siemens, Hitachi and Phillips. Although FONAR is the only
 company which can manufacture and sell the unique Stand-Up (Upright MRI scanner,
 potential customers must be convinced that the purchase of a FONAR scanner is their best
 choice. We believe that with time, that objective will be reached, particularly with customers
 scanning patients having neck, back, knee and various orthopedic issues who would benefit
 from being scanned in weight-bearing positions. 

5. Dependence
 on Referrals. HMCA derives substantially all of its revenue, directly or indirectly, from
 fees charged for the diagnostic imaging services performed at the facilities. We depend on
 referrals of patients from unaffiliated physicians and other third parties to the facilities
 we manage or own for the services we perform. If these physicians and other third parties
 were to reduce the number of patients they refer or discontinue referring patients, scan
 volumes could decrease, which would reduce our net revenue and operating margins. 

6. Pressure
 to Control Healthcare Costs. One of the principal objectives of health maintenance organizations
 and preferred provider organizations is to control the cost of healthcare services. Healthcare
 providers participating in managed care plans may be required to refer diagnostic imaging
 tests to certain providers depending on the plan in which a covered patient is enrolled.
 In addition, managed care contracting has become very competitive. The expansion of health
 maintenance organizations, preferred provider organizations and other managed care organizations
 in New York or Florida could have a negative impact on the utilization and pricing of services
 performed at the facilities HMCA manages or owns to the extent these organizations exert
 control over patients access to diagnostic imaging services, selections of the provider
 of such services and reimbursement rates for those services. 

7. Scanning
 Facility Competition. The market for diagnostic imaging services is highly competitive. The
 facilities we manage or own compete for patients on the basis of reputation, location and
 the quality of diagnostic imaging services. Groups of radiologists, established hospitals,
 clinics and other independent organizations that own and operate imaging equipment are the
 principal competitors. 

Page 27 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

8. Eligibility
 Changes to Insurance Programs. Due to potential decreased availability of healthcare through
 private employers, the number of patients who are uninsured or participate in governmental
 programs may increase. Healthcare reform legislation will increase the participation of individuals
 in the Medicaid program in states that elect to participate in the expanded Medicaid coverage.
 A shift in payor mix from managed care and other private payors to government payors or an
 increase in the number of uninsured patients may result in a reduction in the rates of reimbursement
 or an increase in uncollectible receivables or uncompensated care, with a corresponding decrease
 in net revenue. Policies now being offered under various insurance plans are expected to
 reduce demand for MRI scans as they become less affordable. Changes in the eligibility requirements
 for governmental programs such as the Medicaid program and state decisions on whether to
 participate in the expansion of such programs also could increase the number of patients
 who participate in such programs and the number of uninsured patients. Even for those patients
 who remain in private insurance plans, changes to those plans could increase patient financial
 responsibility, resulting in a greater risk of uncollectible receivables. These factors and
 events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results
 of operations. 

9. Current
 and future changes in Florida Insurance Law. On March 24, 2023, Florida Governor Ron DeSantis
 signed into law House Bill 837. Dubbed the Tort Reform Act, the bill makes sweeping changes
 to Florida s negligence laws, including reducing the statute of limitations, barring
 recovery for plaintiffs who are found to be 50 or greater at fault, and changing the rule
 of evidence regarding admissibility of the costs of prior and future medical treatment. The
 bill is viewed as a boon to insurance companies, and is largely aimed at reducing the cost
 of personal injury lawsuits to insurers operating in Florida s motor vehicle and general
 liability markets. The full impact of the bill remains to be seen. Certain provisions of
 the bill are expected to negatively impact our reimbursement percentage and/or reimbursement
 rates. We expect that some percentage of our patients who are seeking treatment following
 motor vehicle accidents will not meet the new 51 threshold, and as a result we expect an
 increase in the percentage of uncollectible billings from those patients. We are unable to
 estimate what that percentage might be. 

Further,
changes to the evidentiary admissibility rules may lead to a higher percentage of our billings being paid at commercial rates instead
of at the presently prevailing PIP schedule, a reduction in reimbursement of approximately 60 . These changes will negatively impact
our Florida diagnostic imaging facilities (both those we own and those we manage) with more unpaid bills, and lower reimbursement rates.
The full extent of those reductions are unclear at this time. 

In
addition to the above, Florida legislature continues to propose an outright repeal of Florida s No-Fault law. SB 586 and its companion
statue H 429, again propose a repeal of Personal Injury Protection and replacing it with 25,000 Bodily Injury Coverage and Property
Damage Liability Coverage. We cannot predict whether Florida will continue to pursue the repeal of the No-Fault Law in light of the passage
of HB 837, and whether such efforts will be successful. 

Page 28 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

10. Federal
 and state privacy and information security laws. We must comply with numerous federal and
 state laws and regulations governing the collection, dissemination, access, use, security
 and privacy of PHI, including HIPAA and its implementing privacy and security regulations,
 as amended by the federal HITECH Act. If we fail to comply with applicable privacy and security
 laws, regulations and standards, properly maintain the integrity of our data, protect our
 proprietary rights to our systems, or defend against cybersecurity attacks, our business,
 reputation, results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially
 and adversely affected. 

Information
security risks have significantly increased in recent years because of the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the internet
and telecommunications technologies to conduct our operations, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers,
terrorists and other external parties, including foreign state agents. Our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission and
storage of confidential, proprietary and other information in our computer systems and networks. 

11. Other
 changes in Domestic and Worldwide Economic Conditions. We are subject to risk arising from
 adverse changes in general domestic and global economic conditions, including recession or
 economic slowdown and disruption of credit markets. Turbulence and uncertainty in the United
 States and international markets and economies may adversely affect our liquidity, financial
 condition, revenues, profitability and business operations generally. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

 None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

FONAR
and HMCA currently lease approximately 78,000 square feet of office and plant space at its principal offices in Melville, New York.
The term of the lease runs through November, 2026. Management believes that the premises will be adequate for its current needs.
HMCA also maintains office space for the Facilities owned by its subsidiaries in Florida and for its clients at the clients 
sites in New York and Florida under leases having various terms. HMCA owns the building for the client s premises in
Tallahassee, Florida. The Company received approval from the Suffolk County Industrial Development Agency on February 29, 2016 of a 50 
property tax abatement, valued at 440,000, over a 10 year period commencing January, 2017. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

There
are no material legal proceedings threatened or pending against the Company. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not Applicable 

Page 29 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

PART
II 

 ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

 Our
Common Stock is traded on NASDAQ Capital Markets under the symbol FONR. 

 On
September 12, 2023, we had approximately 996 stockholders of record of our Common Stock, 12 stockholders of record of our Class B Common
Stock, 3 stockholders of record of our Class C Common Stock and 1,155 stockholders of record of our Class A Non-voting Preferred Stock. 

 At
the present time, the only class of our securities for which there is a market is the Common Stock. 

 We
currently have a policy of retaining earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business. We expect to continue this policy
for the foreseeable future. 

 Performance
Graph 

 The
following graph compares the Company s cumulative total stockholder return on its Common Stock against industry and broad-market
indexes which have been compiled by the Nasdaq Global Index Group. The periods commence on June 28, 2019 for five years and end on June
30, 2023.. The graph assumes 100 is invested in FONAR Common Stock (NASDAQ: FONR), the Nasdaq Composite Total Return (Nasdaq Composite),
Nasdaq Health Care Management Services (Nasdaq Health), and Nasdaq Medical Equipment (Nasdaq Equipment). The comparisons in the graph
below are based on historical data and are not intended to forecast the possible future performance of the common stock. 

Date 
 
 June
 28, 
 2019 
 
 June
 30, 2020 
 
 June
 30, 2021 
 
 June
 30, 2022 
 
 June
 30, 2023 
 
 FONR
 Common Stock 

100 

99 

82 

71 

79 

Nasdaq
 Composite 

100 

127 

184 

141 

178 

Nasdaq
 Health 

100 

114 

58 

193 

185 

Nasdaq
 Equipment 

100 

106 

54 

129 

145 

] 

Page 30 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

ITEM
6. [Reserved] 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION. 

INTRODUCTION. 

FONAR
was formed in 1978 to engage in the business of designing, manufacturing and selling MRI scanners. HMCA, a subsidiary of FONAR, provides
management services to diagnostic imaging facilities. 

FONAR s
principal MRI product is its Upright MRI (also called Stand-Up MRI) scanner. The Upright MRI allows patients to be scanned
for the first time under weight-bearing conditions. The Stand-Up MRI is the only MRI capable of producing images in the weight-bearing
state. 

At
0.6 Tesla field strength, the Upright MRI is among the highest field open MRI scanners in the industry, offering non-claustrophobic
MRI together with high-field image quality. FONAR s open MRI scanners were the first high field strength open MRI scanners in the
industry. 

HMCA
generates revenues from providing comprehensive management services, including development, administration, accounting, billing and collection
services, together with office space, medical equipment, supplies and non-medical personnel to its clients. Revenues are in the form
of fees which are earned under contracts with HMCA s clients except for its six Florida subsidiaries which engage in the practice
of medicine, and bill and collect fees from patients, insurers and other third-party payors directly. 

Since
March, 2020, the global pandemic of COVID-19 has caused turbulence and uncertainty in the United States and international economies which
have adversely affected our workforce, liquidity, financial conditions, revenues, profitability and business operations. The Company
has been able to navigate through these challenges and avoid any significant disruption of the business and the volume has risen back
to pre-COVID-19 levels. Although we are unable to predict if there will be additional consequences on our operations, the Company believes
with the positive cash flows, low debt and cash on hand, it will be able to continue operations going forward. 

CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Our
discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are based on our consolidated financial statements that were
prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. Management makes estimates and assumptions when preparing
financial statements. These estimates and assumptions affect various matters, including: 

Our
reported amounts of assets and liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets at the dates of the financial statements; 

Our
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements; and Our reported amounts of net revenue and
expenses in our consolidated statements of operations during the reporting periods. 

Page 31 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

These
estimates involve judgments with respect to numerous factors that are difficult to predict and are beyond management s control.
As a result, actual amounts could differ materially from these estimates. 

The
Securities and Exchange Commission defines critical accounting estimates as those that are both most important to the portrayal of a
company s financial condition and results of operations and require management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgment,
often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent
periods. In the notes to our consolidated financial statements, we discuss our significant accounting policies. 

We
believe the following critical accounting policies affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our
consolidated financial statements. We recognize revenue and related costs of revenue from sales contracts for our MRI scanners and major
upgrades, under the percentage-of-completion method. Under this method, we recognize revenue and related costs of revenue, as each sub-assembly
is completed. Amounts received in advance of our commencement of production are recorded as customer advances. 

We
continuously, qualitatively and quantitatively evaluate the realizability (including both positive and negative evidence) of the net
deferred tax assets and assess the valuation allowance periodically. Our evaluation considers the financial condition of the Company
and both the business conditions and regulatory environment of the industry. If future taxable income or other factors are not consistent
with our expectations, an adjustment to our allowance for net deferred tax assets may be required. For net deferred tax assets we consider
estimates of future taxable income, including tax planning strategies, in determining whether our net deferred tax assets are more likely
than not to be realized. Our ability to project future taxable income may be significantly affected by our ability to determine the impact
of regulatory changes which could adversely affect our future profits. As a result, the benefits of our net operating loss carry forwards
could expire before they are utilized. 

At
June 30, 2022, the net deferred tax asset was valued at 12,842,478. At June 30, 2023, the net deferred tax asset was valued at 10,041,960. 

We
depreciate our long-lived assets over their estimated economic useful lives with the exception of leasehold improvements where we use
the shorter of the assets useful lives or the lease term of the facility for which these assets are associated. 

The
Company provides for medical receivables that could become uncollectible by establishing an allowance for doubtful accounts in order
to adjust medical receivables to estimated net realizable value. In evaluating the collectability of medical receivables, the Company
considers a number of factors, including the age of the account, historical collection experiences, payor type, current economic conditions
and other relevant factors. There are various factors that impact collection trends, such as payor mix, changes in the economy, increase
burden on copayments to be made by patients with insurance and business practices related to collection efforts. These factors continuously
change and can have an impact on collection trends and the estimation process. 

Page 32 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

We
amortize our intangible assets, including patents, and capitalized software development costs, over the shorter of the contractual/legal
life or the estimated economic life. Our amortization life for patents and capitalized software development costs is 15 to 17 years and
5 years, respectively. Our amortization of the non-competition agreements entered into with certain individuals in connection with the
HDM transaction are depreciated over seven years, and customer relationships are amortized over 20 years. 

Goodwill
is recorded as a result of business combinations. Management evaluates goodwill, at a minimum, on an annual basis and whenever events
and changes in circumstances suggest that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Impairment of goodwill is tested by comparing the
reporting unit s carrying amount, including goodwill, to the fair value of the reporting unit. The fair value of a reporting unit
is estimated using a combination of the income or discounted cash flows approach and the market approach, which uses comparable market
data. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, goodwill is considered impaired and a second step is performed
to measure the amount of impairment loss, if any. Based on our test for goodwill impairment, we noted no impairment related to goodwill.
However, if estimates or the related assumptions change in the future, we may be required to record impairment charges to reduce the
carrying amount of goodwill. 

We
periodically assess the recoverability of long-lived assets, including property and equipment, intangibles and management agreements,
when there are indications of potential impairment, based on estimates of undiscounted future cash flows. The amount of impairment is
calculated by comparing anticipated discounted future cash flows with the carrying value of the related asset. In performing this analysis,
management considers such factors as current results, trends, and future prospects, in addition to other economic factors. 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS. FISCAL 2023 COMPARED TO FISCAL 2022 

In
fiscal 2023, we recognized net income of 12.1 million on revenues of 98.6 million, as compared to net income of 17.2 million on revenues
of 97.6 million for fiscal 2022. This represents an increase in revenues of 1.1 . Total costs and expenses increased by 10.9 . Our consolidated
operating results decreased by 32.8 to an operating income of 14.8 million for fiscal 2023 as compared to operating income of 22.0
million for fiscal 2022. 

Discussion
of Operating Results of Medical Equipment Segment 

Fiscal
2023 Compared to Fiscal 2022 

Revenues
attributable to our medical equipment segment increased by 0.5 to 8.3 million in fiscal 2023 from 8.2 million in fiscal 2022, with
product sales revenues increasing by 41.2 from 518,000 in fiscal 2022 to 732,000 in fiscal 2023. Service revenue decreased by 2.2 
from 7.7 million in fiscal 2022 to 7.5 million in fiscal 2023. 

Product
sales to unrelated parties increased by 41.2 from 518,000 in fiscal 2022 to 732,000 in fiscal 2023. There were no product sales to
related parties in fiscal 2023 or 2022. 

Page 33 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

We
believe that one of our principal challenges in achieving greater market penetration is attributable to the better name recognition and
larger sales forces of our larger competitors such as General Electric, Siemens, Hitachi, Philips and Toshiba. 

In
addition, lower reimbursement rates have reduced the demand for our MRI products, resulting in lower sales volumes. As a result of fewer
sales, service revenues have decreased since as older scanners are taken out of service, there are fewer new scanners available to sign
service contracts. 

The
operating loss for the medical equipment segment increased from an operating loss of 4.6 million in fiscal 2022 to an operating loss
of 5.9 million in fiscal 2023. The losses are attributable most significantly to the fact that costs increased by a greater amount than
revenues. The increase in costs was primarily due to the increase in business activity which resulted in our increased revenues. 

Research
and development expenses increased to 1.6 million in fiscal 2023 from 1.5 million in fiscal 2022. Our expenses for fiscal 2023 represented
continued research and development of various upgrades for the Upright MRI scanner. 

Discussion
of Operating Results of Physician and Diagnostic Services Management Segment 

 Fiscal
2023 Compared to Fiscal 2022 

Revenues
attributable to the Company s physician and diagnostic services management segment, HMCA, increased to 90.4 million in fiscal
2023 as compared to 89.4 million in fiscal 2022. The increase in revenues was due to an increase of 212,000 of patient fees (net of
contractual allowances and discounts less provision for bad debts) from patient and third-party payors recognized by six of the facilities
in Florida. Management and other fees increased by 799,000. 

Cost
of revenues as a percentage of the related revenues for our physician and diagnostic services management segment increased from 47.1
million or 52.7 of related revenues for the year ended June 30, 2022 to 49.0 million, or 54.1 of related revenues for the year ended
June 30, 2023. The cost relating to these revenues increased more than the revenues. 

Operating
results of this segment decreased from operating income of 26.6 million in fiscal 2022 to operating income of 20.7 million in fiscal
2023. The decrease is due mainly to more reserves being taken on management fees. We believe that our efforts to expand and improve the
operation of our physician and diagnostic services management segment are directly responsible for the profitability of this segment
and our company as a whole. 

For
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, 12.1 of total revenues were derived from contract with facilities that were owned by Dr. Raymond
V. Damadian until his passing, and currently owned by Timothy Damadian, the Chief Executive Officer of FONAR. 11.8 of total revenues
were derived from these contracts for the 2022 fiscal year. The agreements with these MRI facilities are for one-year terms which renew
automatically on an annual basis, unless terminated. The fees for these sites, which are located in Florida, are flat monthly fees. 

Page 34 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Discussion
of Certain Consolidated Results of Operations 

 Fiscal
2023 Compared to Fiscal 2022 

Interest
and investment income increased in 2023 compared to 2022. We recognized interest income of 1.2 million in 2023 as compared to 247,158
in fiscal 2022, representing an increase of 394.4 . This is due to the increase in the prime interest rate and the Company placing cash
in interest bearing accounts. 

Interest
expense of 50,131 was recognized in fiscal 2023, as compared to interest expense of 346,552 in fiscal 2022. The decrease in interest
expense is attributable to an assessment of additional taxes and interest in connection with a state income tax audit in fiscal 2022. 

The
29.2 noncontrolling interest allocations of 2,751,000 and 4,793,000 for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, respectively, have been calculated
by Income from operations, and adding depreciation and amortization net of miscellaneous losses and other income from the Physician and
Diagnostic Service Management segment (See Note 16). 

While
revenue increased by 1.1 selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 25.0 to 29.4 million in fiscal 2023 from 23.5
million in fiscal 2022. This increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was due to placing more reserves on management
fees and other receivables and from the impact of the COVID-19 virus as compared to fiscal 2022. It is too early to know how much of
these reserves will be recovered. FONAR also resolved certain sales tax liabilities during the year and was able to reverse accrued
interest and penalties of 55,000 and 119,000 for fiscal years ending 2023 and 2022 respectively which was recorded under selling,
general and administrative expenses in the prior year. 

Revenue
from service and repair fees decreased from 7.7 million in fiscal 2022 to 7.5 million in fiscal 2023. 

Continuing
our tradition as the originator of MRI, we remain committed to maintaining our position as the leading innovator of the industry through
investing in research and development. In fiscal 2023 we continued our investment in the development of various upgrades for the UPRIGHT 
MRI, with an investment of 1,567,749 in research and development, none of which was capitalized, as compared to 1,494,181, none of
which was capitalized, in fiscal 2022. The research and development expenditures were approximately 18.9 of revenues attributable to
our medical equipment segment and 1.5 of total revenues in 2023, and 18.2 of medical equipment segment revenues and 1.5 of total revenues
in fiscal 2022. This represented a 4.9 increase in research and development expenditures in fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022. 

For
the physician and diagnostic services management segment, HMCA, revenues increased to 90.4 million in fiscal 2023 as compared to 89.3
million in fiscal 2022. This is primarily attributable to an increase in patient scans resulting from our marketing efforts. 

Page 35 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

For
the fiscal year 2023 the Company recorded an income tax expense of 3.6 million compared with an income tax expense of 5.5 million
for 2022. The income tax benefits are attributable to the expected tax benefits associated with the projected realization and
utilization of our net operating losses in future periods. The Company has recorded a deferred tax asset of 10.0 million as of June
30, 2023, primarily relating to the tax benefits from the net operating loss carry forwards, allowance for doubtful accounts and tax
credits available to offset future taxable income. The utilization of these tax benefits is dependent on the Company generating future
taxable income and other factors. A partial valuation allowance will be maintained until evidence exists to support that it is no
longer needed, (principally related to research and development credits). Although the Company is expecting to generate taxable
income in future periods, we cannot accurately measure the full impact of the adoption of healthcare regulations, including the
impact of continuing changes in MRI scanning reimbursement rates, which could materially impact operations. A partial valuation
allowance will be maintained until evidence exists to support that it is no longer needed. As of June 30, 2023, the valuation
allowance was 364,000. 

We
have been taking steps to improve HMCA revenues by our marketing efforts, which focus on the unique capability of our Upright MRI
scanners to scan patients in different positions. We have also been increasing the number of health insurance plans in which our clients
participate. 

Our
management fees are dependent on collection by our clients of fees from reimbursements from Medicare, Medicaid, private insurance, no
fault and workers compensation carriers, self pay and other third-party payors. The health care industry is experiencing
the effects of the federal and state governments trend toward cost containment, as governments and other third-party payors seek
to impose lower reimbursement and utilization rates and negotiate reduced payment schedules with providers. The cost-containment measures,
consolidated with the increasing influence of managed-care payors and competition for patients, have resulted in reduced rates of reimbursement
for services provided by our clients from time to time. Our future revenues and results of operations may be adversely impacted by future
reductions in reimbursement rates. 

Certain
third-party payors have proposed and implemented changes in the methods and rates of reimbursement that have had the effect of substantially
decreasing reimbursement for diagnostic imaging services that HMCA s clients provide. To the extent reimbursement from third-party
payors is reduced, it will likely have an adverse impact on the rates they pay us, as they would need to reduce the management fees they
pay HMCA to offset such decreased reimbursement rates. Furthermore, many commercial health care insurance arrangements are changing,
so that individuals bear greater financial responsibility through high deductible plans, co-insurance and higher co-payments, which may
result in patients delaying or foregoing medical procedures. More frequently, however, patients are scanned and we experience difficulty
in collecting deductibles and co-payments. We expect recent changes to the Florida insurance laws to result in less patients being reimbursed
through no-fault auto insurance, resulting in both lower reimbursement rates and a higher rate of uncollectible billings. We expect that
any further changes to the rates or methods of reimbursement for services, which reduce the reimbursement per scan of our clients may
partially offset the increases in scan volume we are working to achieve for our clients, and indirectly will result in a decline in our
revenues. 

Page 36 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

In
addition, the use of radiology benefit managers, or RBM s has increased in recent years. It is common practice for health insurance
carriers to contract with RBMs to manage utilization of diagnostic imaging procedures for their insureds. In many cases, this leads to
lower utilization of imaging procedures based on a determination of medical necessity. The efficacy of RBMs is still a highly controversial
topic. We cannot predict whether the use of RBMs will negatively impact our business, but it is possible that our financial position
and results of operations could be negatively affected. 

LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Cash,
and cash equivalents increased by 5.2 from 48.7 million at June 30, 2022 to 51.3 million at June 30, 2023. 

Cash
provided by operating activities for fiscal 2023 approximated 14.5 million. Cash provided by operating activities was attributable to
the net income of 12.1 million, depreciation and amortization of 4.5 million, provision for bad debts of 5.5 million, deferred income
tax expense benefit of 3.0 million which was offset by the increase in accounts, and medical and management fee receivables of 8.1
million. 

Cash
used in investing activities for fiscal 2023 approximated 4.3 million. The cash used in investing activities was attributable to purchases
of property and equipment of 4.2 million and costs of patents of 120,000. 

Cash
used in financing activities for fiscal 2023 approximated 7.6 million. The principal uses of cash used in financing activities included
the repayment of borrowings and capital lease obligations of 37,000, purchase of treasury stock of 1.8 million and distributions to
non-controlling interests of 5.8 million. 

Total
liabilities decreased by 6.3 during fiscal 2023, from approximately 53.1 million at June 30, 2022 to approximately 49.8 million at
June 30, 2023. 

At
June 30, 2023, we had working capital of approximately 110.0 million as compared to working capital of 101.9 million at June 30, 2022,
and stockholders equity of 150.8 million at June 30, 2023 as compared to stockholders equity of 146.2 million at June
30, 2022. For the year ended June 30, 2023, we realized a net income of 12.1 million. 

Our
principal sources of liquidity are derived from revenues. 

Our
business plan includes a program for manufacturing and selling our Upright MRI scanners. In addition, we are enhancing our revenue
by participating in the physician and diagnostic services management business through our subsidiary, HMCA and have upgraded the facilities
which it manages, most significantly by the replacement of the original MRI scanners with new Upright MRI scanners. As of June 30,
2023, HMCA manages a total of 41 MRI scanners of which 24 MRI scanners are located in New York and 17 are located in Florida. We have
also intensified our marketing activities through the hiring of additional marketers for HMCA s clients. 

Page 37 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Our
business plan also calls for a continuing emphasis on providing our customers with enhanced equipment service and maintenance capabilities
and delivering state-of-the-art, innovative and high quality equipment upgrades at competitive prices. Fees for on-going service and
maintenance from our installed base of scanners were 7.7 million for the year ended June 30, 2022 and 7.5 million for the year ended
June 30, 2023. 

In
order to promote profitability and to reduce demands on our cash and other liquid reserves, we maintain an aggressive program of cost
containment. Previously, these measures included consolidating HMCA s office space with FONAR s office space and reducing
the size of our workforce, compensation and benefits. We continue to attempt to contain expenses across the board, despite significant
increases in the cost of labor and materials as the result of inflation. The cost control efforts are intended to enable us to withstand
periods of low volumes of MRI scanner sales, by keeping expenditures at levels which can be supported by service revenues and HMCA revenues. 

Current
economic credit conditions have contributed to a slower than optimal business environment. As a result our business may suffer, should
the credit markets not improve in the near future. The direct impact of these conditions is not fully known. 

Revenues
from HMCA have been the principal reason for our profitability, and we have so far been able to maintain and increase such revenues by
increasing the number of scans being performed by the sites we manage and those we own, notwithstanding reductions in reimbursement rates
from third-party payors. The likelihood and effect of any subsequent reductions is not fully known. 

Capital
expenditures for fiscal 2023 approximated 4.3 million. Capitalized patent costs were approximately 120,000. Purchases of property and
equipment were approximately 4.2 million. 

FONAR
is has not committed to making any material capital expenditures in the 2024 fiscal year. 

The
Company believes that its business plan has been responsible for the past five consecutive fiscal years of profitability (fiscal 2023,
fiscal 2022, fiscal 2021, fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019) and that its capital resources will be adequate to support operations at current
levels through September 30, 2024. 

On
September 13, 2022, the Company adopted a stock repurchase plan. On September 26, 2022, the Board of Directors has approved up to 9
million to be repurchased under the plan which will be purchased on the open market at prevailing prices. During fiscal 2023, we repurchased
103,148 shares for 1.8 million. 

During
August 2023 the Company renewed their revolving credit agreement. The terms include borrowing limits of up to 10,000,000 and the agreement
was extended to November 15, 2023. The interest rate on unpaid principal remains at 4 along with certain financial covenants still applicable. 

Page 38 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

ITEM
7A. QUALITATIVE AND QUANTITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

The
Company does not have any investments in marketable securities, foreign currencies, mutual funds, certificates of deposit or other fixed
rate instruments. All of our funds are in cash accounts or money market accounts which are liquid. 

All
of our revenue, expense and capital purchasing activities are transacted in United States dollars. 

See
Note 10 to the consolidated Financial Statements for information on long-term debt. 

ITEM
8. 

FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

PAGE. 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 40 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 43 
 
 At June 30,
 2023 and 2022 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 46 
 
 For the Years
 Ended June 30 ,
 2023 and
 2022 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 48 
 
 For the Years
 Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 50 
 
 For the Years
 Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 52 

Page 39 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

FONAR Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of FONAR Corporation and Subsidiaries (the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements
of income, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended June 30, 2023, and the related notes
(collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for each of the two years in the period ended June 30, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well
as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Page 40 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM (Continued) 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated
below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved
our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our
opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate
opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

 Medical Accounts Receivable Reserve Refer to Note
3 to the financial statements 

 Critical Audit Matter Description 

 Medical accounts receivable is recorded
at net realizable value based on the estimated amounts the Company expects to receive from patients and third-party payers. Estimates
of contractual allowances under managed care, commercial, and governmental insurance plans are based upon the payment terms specified
in the related contractual agreements or as mandated under government payer programs. Management continually reviews the contractual allowance
estimation process to consider and incorporate updates to laws and regulations and the frequent changes in managed care contractual
terms resulting from contract renegotiations and renewals. Receivables related to uninsured patients and uninsured copayment and deductible
amounts for patients who have health insurance coverage may have discounts applied. The Company also records estimated implicit price
concessions (based on historical experience) related to accounts to record the accounts receivable at the amount the Company expects
to collect from patients and third-party payers. This implied concession requires extensive judgment and subjective assumptions.
Implicit price concessions relate primarily to amounts due directly from patients and are based upon management s assessment of
historical write-offs and expected net collections, business and economic conditions, trends in federal, state, and private employer health
care coverage, and other collection indicators. Auditing management s estimate of the price concessions was complex and judgmental
due to the significant data inputs and subjective assumptions utilized in determining the net realizable value of accounts receivable. 

 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

 Our audit procedures related to the net realizable value of
patient accounts receivable included the following: 

- We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design,
and tested the operating effectiveness of certain controls that address the risks of material misstatement relating to the measurement
of service fee revenue and receivables. 

- We tested informational technology general controls
around the Company s billing system and associated database. 

- We evaluated management s methodology and
related assumptions, including cash collections, by comparing actual results to management s historical estimates. 

Page 41 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM (Continued) 

- We tested the underlying data related to the recognition
of patient level charges and the subsequent activities, including cash collections and non-cash adjustments. 

- We tested the contractual rates set forth by the
third-party payers which are input into the Company s billing system and then billed to patients and/or third-party payers. 

- We tested the mathematical accuracy of the estimates
applied to period-end accounts receivable. 

- We evaluated the appropriateness of the industry,
economic, and Company factors that were used in determining the net realizable value of patient accounts receivable. 

Management Fee Accounts Receivable Reserve 
Refer to Note 3 to the financial statements. 

 Management fee accounts receivable is related
to fees outstanding from the related and non-related professional corporations PCs under management agreements. Payment
of the outstanding fees is dependent on the PCs ability to collect fees from third-party payers and patients because the management fees
are collateralized by the PCs accounts receivable. The Company records the management fee accounts receivables net of the estimated
implicit price concessions based on the PCs likelihood to collect on the accounts. Implicit price concessions on the PCs are estimated
by management in the same manner the patient accounts receivable are analyzed. This implied concession requires extensive judgment and
subjective assumptions. Implicit price concessions relate primarily to amounts due directly from patients and are based upon management s
assessment of historical write-offs and expected net collections, business and economic conditions, trends in federal, state, and private
employer health care coverage, and other collection indicators. Auditing management s estimate of the price concessions was complex
and judgmental due to the significant data inputs and subjective assumptions utilized in determining the net realizable value of accounts
receivable. 

 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

 Our audit procedures related to the management fee accounts
receivable reserve are consistent with the audit procedures associated with the patient fee accounts receivable reserve. In addition,
we traced the management fees to the underlying agreements and the general ledger. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 1990, such date takes
into account the merger of Tabb, Conigliaro, McGann, P.C. Tabb into another firm in approximately 2001 and the former
partners of Tabb joining Marcum LLP in 2002. 

September 28, 2023 

Page 42 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 ASSETS 

June
 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Current
 Assets: 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 

Short-term investments 

Accounts
 receivable net of allowances for doubtful accounts of 
 and
 at
 June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively 

Medical
 receivables net 

Management
 and other fees receivable net of allowances for doubtful accounts of 
 and
 
 at
 June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively 

Management
 and other fees receivable related party medical practices net of allowances for doubtful accounts of 
 and
 at
 June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively 

Inventories 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

Total
 Current Assets 

Accounts
 receivable long term 

Deferred
 income tax asset 

Property
 and equipment net 

Right-of-use-asset
 operating leases 

Right-of-use-asset
 financing lease 

Goodwill 

Other
 intangible assets net 

Other
 assets 

Total
 Assets 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

Page 43 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 LIABILITIES 

June
 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Current
 Liabilities: 

Current
 portion of long-term debt 

Accounts
 payable 

Other
 current liabilities 

Operating
 lease liability current portion 

Financing
 lease liability current portion 

Unearned
 revenue on service contracts 

Customer
 deposits 

Total
 Current Liabilities 

Long-Term
 Liabilities: 

Unearned
 revenue on service contracts 

Deferred
 income tax liability 

Due
 to related party medical practices 

Operating
 lease liability net of current portion 

Financing
 lease liability net of current portion 

Long-term
 debt and capital leases, less current portion 

Other
 liabilities 

Total
 Long-Term Liabilities 

Total
 Liabilities 

Commitments,
Contingencies and Other Matters 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

Page 44 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

June
 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Stockholders 
 Equity: 

Class
 A non-voting preferred stock 
 par
 value; 
 shares
 authorized at June 30, 2023 and 2022, 
 issued
 and outstanding at June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Preferred
 stock 
 par
 value; 
 shares
 authorized at June 30, 2023 and 2022, issued and outstanding 

Common
 stock 
 par
 value; 
 shares
 authorized at June 30, 2023 and 2022, 
 and
 issued
 at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 and
 outstanding
 at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively 

Class
 B convertible common stock (10 votes per share) 
 par
 value; 
 shares
 authorized at June 30, 2023 and 2022, 
 issued
 and outstanding at June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Class
 C common stock (25 votes per share) 
 par
 value; 
 shares
 authorized at June 30, 2023 and 2022, 
 issued
 and outstanding at June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Paid-in
 capital in excess of par value 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Treasury
 stock, at cost and
 shares
 of common stock at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively 

Total
 Fonar Corporation s Stockholders Equity 

Noncontrolling
 interests 

Total
 Stockholders Equity 

Total
 Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

Page 45 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

For
 the Years Ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Revenues 

Patient
 fee revenue, net of contractual allowances and discounts 

Product
 sales net 

Service
 and repair fees net 

Service
 and repair fees related parties net 

Management
 and other fees net 

Management
 and other fees related party medical practices net 

Total
 Revenues Net 

Costs
 and Expenses 

Costs
 related to product sales 

Costs
 related to service and repair fees 

Costs
 related to service and repair fees related parties 

Costs
 related to patient fee revenue 

Costs
 related to management and other fees 

Costs
 related to management and other fees related party medical practices 

Research
 and development 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses 

Total
 Costs and Expenses 

Income
 from Operations 

Other
 Income and (Expenses): 

Interest
 expense 

Investment
 income 

Other
 (expense) income 

Income
 before provision for income taxes and noncontrolling interests 

Provision
 for Income Taxes 

Net
 Income 

Net
 Income Noncontrolling Interests 

Net
 Income Attributable to FONAR 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

Page 46 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF INCOME (Continued) 

For
 the Years Ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Net
 Income Available to Common Stockholders 
 8,801,974 
 11,690,796 
 
 Net
 Income Available to Class A Non-Voting Preferred Stockholders 
 427,666 
 559,072 
 
 Net
 Income Available to Class C Common Stockholders 
 146,136 
 191,038 
 
 Basic
 Net Income Per Common Share Available to Common Stockholders 
 1.35 
 1.78 
 
 Diluted
 Net Income Per Common Share Available to Common Stockholders 
 1.32 
 1.75 
 
 Basic
 and Diluted Income Per Share Class C Common 
 0.38 
 0.50 
 
 Weighted
 Average Basic Shares Outstanding Common Stockholders 
 6,539,376 
 6,554,209 
 
 Weighted
 Average Diluted Shares Outstanding Common Stockholders 
 6,666,880 
 6,681,713 
 
 Weighted
 Average Basic and Diluted Shares Outstanding Class C Common 
 382,513 
 382,513 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

Page 47 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2023 AND 2022 

Class
 A Non-Voting Preferred 
 Common
 Shares 
 Stock
 Amount 
 Class
 C Common Stock 
 
 Balance,
 July 1, 2021 

Net
 income 

Stock
 issued to employees under stock bonus plans 

Distributions
 to noncontrolling interests 

Balance,
 June 30, 2022 

Net
 income 

Purchase
 of treasury shares 

Cancellation
 of shares 

Distributions
 to noncontrolling interests 

Balance,
 June 30, 2023 

Paid-in
 Capital in Excess of Par Value 
 Accumulated
 Deficit 
 
 Balance,
 July 1, 2021 

Net
 income 

Buyout
 of noncontrolling interests 

Distributions
 to noncontrolling interests 

Balance,
 June 30, 2022 

Net
 income 

Purchase
 of treasury shares 

Cancellation
 of shares 

Distributions
 to noncontrolling interests 

Balance,
 June 30, 2023 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

Page 48 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2023 AND 2022 

Treasury
 Stock 
 Noncontrolling
 Interests 
 Total 
 
 Balance,
 July 1, 2021 

Net
 income 

Buyout
 of noncontrolling interests 

Distributions
 to noncontrolling interests 

Balance,
 June 30, 2022 

Net
 income 

Purchase
 of treasury shares 

Cancellation
 of shares 

Distributions
 to noncontrolling interests 

Balance,
 June 30, 2023 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

Page 49 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For
 the Years Ended June 30, 
 
 CASH
 FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
 2023 
 2022 
 
 Net
 Income 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

Provision
 for bad debts 

Deferred
 income tax - net 

Amortization
 on right-of-use assets 

Loss
 on disposition of fixed assets 

Gain
 on forgiveness of PPP loan 

(Increase)
 decrease in operating assets, net: 

Accounts,
 medical and management fee receivables 

Notes
 receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

Other
 assets 

Increase
 (decrease) in operating liabilities, net: 

Accounts
 payable 

Other
 current liabilities 

Customer
 advances 

Operating
 lease liabilities 

Financing
 lease liabilities 

Contract
 liabilities 

Other
 liabilities 

NET
 CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

Page 50 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 Continued 

For
 the Years Ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 CASH
 FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Purchases
 of property and equipment 

Proceeds
 of Short-term investment 

Purchase
 of noncontrolling interests 

Cost
 of patents 

NET
 CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

CASH
 FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Repayment
 of borrowings and capital lease obligations 

Purchase
 of treasury stock 

Distributions
 to noncontrolling interests 

NET
 CASH USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

NET
 INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

CASH
 AND CASH EQUIVALENTS - BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH
 AND CASH EQUIVALENTS - END OF YEAR 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

Page 51 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE
30, 2023 and 2022 

interest in HDM. Health Management Corporation of America retained a direct ownership interest of 
in HDM, and the original investors in HDM retained a 
ownership interest in the newly expanded HDM. During the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company purchased noncontrolling interests for
 
 giving
the Company a direct ownership interest of 
and the investors a 
ownership interest. The entire management of diagnostic imaging centers business segment is now being conducted by HDM. 

The
global pandemic of COVID-19 has caused turbulence and uncertainty in the United States and international markets and economies which
has adversely effected our workforce, liquidity, financial conditions, revenues, profitability and business operations. The Company was
able to enact certain decisions to allow the Company to navigate the global pandemic and from further losses, additional decreases in
scan volume and avoid any significant disruption of the business. The Company must now take into account the severity, duration and
recurrence of new strains of the COVID-19 virus which adds a new dimension to the challenges and uncertainty facing our business and
the world economy in general. Although we are unable to predict if there will be additional consequences on our operations from the continuing
global pandemic of COVID-19, the Company believes with the positive cash flows, low debt and cash on hand, it will be able to continue
operations going forward. 

and
 for
the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 respectively. The estimated useful lives in years are generally as follows: 

- 
 
 Research,
 development and demonstration equipment 
 - 
 
 Machinery
 and equipment 
 - 
 
 Furniture
 and fixtures 
 - 
 
 Leasehold
 improvements 

Building 

years. 

2)
Non-Competition Agreements 

The
non-competition agreements are being amortized on the straight-line basis over the length of the agreement 
 years). 

3)
Customer Relationships 

Amortization
is calculated on the straight line basis over 
 years. 

management
agreements of which were
with PC s owned by Timothy Damadian, Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and Treasurer (formerly owned
by Raymond V. Damadian, M.D., Chairman of the Board of FONAR until his unexpected death in August 2022)( the Related medical
practices and are
with PC s, which are all located in the state of New York the New York PC s ), owned by two unrelated
radiologists. The contractual fees for services rendered to the PCs consists of fixed monthly fees per diagnostic imaging facility
ranging from approximately to
 .
All fees are re-negotiable at the anniversary of the agreements and each year thereafter. The Company records a provision for bad
debts for estimated uncollectible fees, which is reflected in other operating expenses on the Consolidated Statement of
Operations. 

The
Company currently recognizes revenue in accordance with the recognition accounting standard issued by the Financial Accounting Standards
Board FASB and codified in the ASC as topic 606 ASC 606 ). The revenue recognition standard in ASC 606
outlines a single comprehensive model for recognizing revenue as performance obligations, defined in a contract with a customer as goods
or services transferred to the customer in exchange for consideration, are satisfied. The standard also requires expanded disclosures
regarding the Company s revenue recognition policies and significant judgments employed in the determination of revenue. 

Our
revenues generally relate to net patient fees received from various payers and patients themselves under contracts in which our
performance obligations are to provide diagnostic services to the patients. Revenues are recorded during the period our obligations to
provide diagnostic services are satisfied. Our performance obligations for diagnostic services are generally satisfied over a period
of less than one day. The contractual relationships with patients, in most cases, also involve a third-party payer (Medicare, Medicaid,
managed care health plans and commercial insurance companies, including plans offered through the health insurance exchanges) and the
transaction prices for the services provided are dependent upon the terms provided by (Medicare and Medicaid) or negotiated with (managed
care health plans and commercial insurance companies) the third-party payers. The payment arrangements with third-party payers for the
services we provide to the related patients typically specify payments at amounts less than our standard charges and generally provide
for payments based upon predetermined rates per diagnostic services or discounted fee-for-service rates. Management continually reviews
the contractual estimation process to consider and incorporate updates to laws and regulations and the frequent changes in managed care
contractual terms resulting from contract renegotiations and renewals. 

The
Company s patient fee revenues, net of contractual allowances and discounts less the provision for bad debts for the years ended
June 30, 2023 and 2022 are summarized in the following table. 

Medicare/Medicaid 

Workers 
 Compensation/Personal Injury 

Other 

Net
 Patient Fee Revenue 

and 
 and for
the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

shares
upon conversion of Class C Common. 

Denominator: 

Weighted
 average shares outstanding 

Basic
 income per common share 

Diluted 

Denominator: 

Weighted
 average shares outstanding 

Class
 C Common Stock 

Total
 Denominator for diluted earnings per share 

Diluted
 income per common share 

June
 30, 2022 
 
 Basic 
 Total 
 Common
 Stock 
 Class
 C Common Stock 
 
 Numerator: 

Net
 income available to common stockholders 

Denominator: 

Weighted
 average shares outstanding 

Basic
 income per common share 

Diluted 

Denominator: 

Weighted
 average shares outstanding 

Class
 C Common Stock 

Total
 Denominator for diluted earnings per share 

Diluted
 income per common share 

in excess
of federally insured limits of . 

Related
Parties: Net revenues from related parties accounted for approximately 
of the consolidated net revenues for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. Net management fee receivables from the related party medical
practices accounted for approximately 
of the consolidated accounts receivable for the years as of June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

See
Note 3 regarding the Company s concentrations in the healthcare industry. 

Receivable
and accounts payable: The carrying amounts approximate fair value because of the short maturity of those instruments. 

Notes
receivable: The carrying amount approximates fair value because the discounted present value of the cash flow generated by the parties
approximates the carrying value of the amounts due to the Company. 

Long-term
debt and notes payable: The carrying amounts of debt and notes payable approximate fair value due to the length of the maturities, the
interest rates being tied to market indices and/or due to the interest rates not being significantly different from the current market
rates available to the Company. 

All
of the Company s financial instruments are held for purposes other than trading. 

Long
Term Accounts Receivable 

The
Company will generate revenue from long-term, non-cancellable contracts to provide service and repair services. Future revenue to be
recognized over the following two years at June 30, 2023 is as follows: 

2026 

Total 

Medical
Receivable 

Medical
receivables are due under fee-for-service contracts from third-party payors, such as hospitals, government sponsored healthcare programs,
patient s legal counsel and directly from patients. Substantially all the revenue relates to patients residing in Florida. The
carrying amount of the medical receivable is reduced by an allowance that reflects management s best estimate of the amounts that
will not be collected. The Company determines allowances for contractual adjustments and uncollectible accounts based on specific agings,
specific payor collection issues that have been identified and based on payor classifications and historical experience at each site. 

Management
and Other Fees Receivable 

The
Company s receivables from the related and non-related professional corporations PCs substantially consist of fees
outstanding under management agreements. Payment of the outstanding fees is dependent on collection by the PCs of fees from third-party
medical reimbursement organizations, principally insurance companies and health management organizations. 

Payment
of the management fee receivables from the PC s may be impaired by the inability of the PC s to collect in a timely manner
their medical fees from the third-party payors, particularly insurance carriers covering automobile no-fault and workers compensation
claims due to longer payment cycles and rigorous informational requirements and certain other disallowed claims. Approximately 
and ,
respectively, of the PCs 2023 and 2022 net revenues were derived from no-fault and personal injury protection claims. The Company
considers the aging of its accounts receivable in determining the amount of allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company generally takes
all legally available steps to collect its receivables. Credit losses associated with the receivables are provided for in the consolidated
financial statements and have historically been within management s expectations. 

Net
revenues from management and other fees charged to the related party medical practices accounted for approximately 
and ,
of the consolidated net revenues for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Tallahassee
Magnetic Resonance Imaging, PA, Stand Up MRI of Boca Raton, PA and Stand Up MRI Diagnostic Center, PA (all related party medical
practices) entered into a guaranty agreement, pursuant to which they cross guaranteed all management fees which are payable to the Company,
which have arisen under each individual management agreement. 

The
following table sets forth the number of our facilities for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

Facilities
 Added by: 

Internal
 development 

Managed
 Facilities Closed 

Total
 Facilities Owned or Managed (at End of Year) 

Work-in-process 

Inventories 

Research,
 development and demonstration equipment 

Machinery
 and equipment 

Furniture
 and fixtures 

Leasehold
 improvements 

Building 

Less:
 Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Depreciation
and amortization of property and equipment for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 was and
 ,
respectively. During fiscal year ended June 30 2022, the Company removed fully depreciated assets of that
related to a location that was previously closed. 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Present
 value discount 

Total
 lease liability 

Finance
 lease - years 

Weighted
 Average Discount Rate 

Operating
 leases 

Finance
 lease 

The
components of lease expense were as follows: 

Finance
 lease cost: 

Depreciation
 of leased equipment 

Interest
 on lease liabilities 

Total
 finance lease cost 

Supplemental
cash flow information related to leases as follows: 

Financing
 cash flows from financing leases 

Right-of-use
 and equipment assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: 

Operating
 leases 

Patents
 and copyrights 

Non-competition
 agreements 

Customer
 relationships 

Less:
 Accumulated amortization 

The
estimated amortization of other intangible assets for the five years ending June 30, 2028 and thereafter is as follows: 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Other
 intangible assets - net 

The
weighted average amortization period for other intangible assets is 
 years
and they have no expected residual value. 

Information
related to the above intangible assets for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 is as follows: 

Amounts
 capitalized 

Software
 or patents written off 

Amortization 

Balance
 End of Year 

Amortization
of patents and copyrights for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 amounted to 
 and ,
respectively. 

Amortization
of non-competition agreements for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 amounted to 
 and ,
respectively. 

Amortization
of customer relationships for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 amounted to 
 and ,
respectively. 

Class
B Common Stock 

There
were 
 of such
shares outstanding at June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

Class
C Common Stock 

,
as compared to 10 votes per share for the Class B common stock and Although
having greater voting power, each share of Class C common stock has only one-third of the rights of a share of Class B common stock to
dividends and distributions. 

Class
A Non-Voting Preferred Stock 

On
April 3, 1995, the stockholders ratified a proposal consisting of the creation of a new class of Class A non-voting preferred stock with
special dividend rights and the declaration of a stock dividend on the Company s common stock consisting of 

The
Class A non-voting preferred stock is entitled to a special dividend equal to 3-1/4 of the first 10 million, 4-1/2 of the next
 20 million and 5-1/2 on amounts in excess of 30 million of the amount of any cash awards or settlements received by the Company
in connection with the enforcement of five of the Company s patents in its patent lawsuits, less the revised special dividend
payable on the common stock with respect to one of the Company s patents. 

The
Class A non-voting preferred stock participates on an equal per share basis with the common stock in any dividends declared and ranks
equally with the common stock on distribution rights, liquidation rights and other rights and preferences (other than the voting rights). 

Stock
Bonus Plans 

On
April 23, 2010, the Board approved the 2010 Stock Bonus Plan. The plan entitles the Company to reserve 
 shares
of common stock. On August 10, 2010, the Company filed Form S-8 to register the 
 shares.
As of June 30, 2023, 
 shares
of common stock of FONAR were available for future grant under this plan. For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, 
 shares
were issued. 

Treasury
Stock 

On
September 13, 2022, the Company adopted a stock repurchase plan. The plan has no expiration date and cannot determine the number of shares
which will be repurchased. On September 26, 2022, the Board of Directors has approved up to 
 million
to be repurchased under the plan which will be purchased on the publicly traded open market at prevailing prices. 

The
Company utilizes the cost method of accounting to value the treasury stock when repurchasing stock. Under this method, the shares are
valued at the price paid and recorded to treasury stock. When the treasury stock is cancelled, the par value of the stock is reduced
and the additional paid in capital is reduced for the remaining value based upon the original stock sale. For the year ended June 30,
2023, the Company purchased 
 shares
at a cost of 
 and cancelled 
 shares
valued at . 

of HDM. The Class B member (HMCA) has an ownership of 
of HDM. On all matters on which members may vote every member is entitled to cast the percentage of votes equal to their percentage of
ownership interest. Profits and losses on all items of income, gain or loss, deductions or other allocations of the Company will be allocated
among the members in the same proportions as their membership interests in the Company bear to all the Class A and Class B membership
interests of the Company in the aggregate outstanding. All of the depreciation and amortization of the assets of the Company will be
allocated solely to the Class A members, unless and until their interests have been redeemed by the Company in full pursuant to the provisions
of the operating agreement. The Company contributed 
 to HDM
and the group of outside investors contributed 
 for its
non-controlling membership interest. 

On
March 5, 2013, HDM purchased from Health Diagnostics, LLC HD and certain of its subsidiaries, a business managing twelve Stand-Up MRI Centers and two other scanning centers located in the States of New York and Florida for a total purchase price (including consideration of 
 million
to outside investors) aggregating 
 million.
Concurrently with the acquisition, HDM entered into several consulting and non-competition agreements for a consideration of 
 million.
The acquisition was accounted for using the purchase method in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations . The Company
recognized and measured goodwill as of the acquisition date, as the excess of the fair value of the consideration paid over the fair
value of the identified net assets acquired. 

On
January 8, 2015, the Company purchased 
of the Class A members ownership interest at a cost of .
The Company has a 
ownership interest in HDM after this transaction. During the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company purchased noncontrolling interests
for 
 giving
the Company a direct ownership interest of 
and the investors a 
ownership interest. 

The
amount of each class of HDM members equity as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 is as follows: 

Share
 of Net Income 

Buyout
 of noncontrolling interests 

Distributions 

Ending
 Members' Equity 

until May 2009 followed by 
 monthly
 payments of 
 through
 .
 The loan is collateralized by a building with a net book value of 
 as
 of June 30, 2023. 

The
 revolving credit note was extended to November 15, 2023. The Company can borrow up to 
 and
 prepay the loan in whole or part in multiples of 100,000 at any time without penalty. The note bears interest at a rate of 
 per annum and is payable monthly. The loan is collateralized by substantially all of the Company s assets. The loan also contains
 certain financial covenants that must be met on a periodic basis. The Company still has the ability to draw down on the line. 

Less:
 Current portion 

The
maturities of debt over the next four years are as follows: 

2025 

2026 

2027 

and
a deferred tax liability of as
of June 30, 2023, primarily relating to its net Federal operating loss carryforwards of approximately available
to offset future taxable income through 2031. In addition the Company has state operating loss carryforwards of approximately and
city operating loss carryforwards allowance for doubtful accounts and tax credits of approximately .
The net operating losses begin to expire in 2025 for federal tax and state income tax purposes. 

Future
ownership changes as determined under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue code could further limit the utilization of net operating loss
carryforwards. As of June 30, 2023, no such changes in ownership have occurred. 

The
Inflation Reduction Act IRA was enacted on August 16, 2022. The IRA includes provisions imposing a 1 excise tax on share
repurchases that occur after December 31, 2022 and introduces a 15 corporate alternative minimum tax CAMT on adjusted
financial statement income. The CAMT will be effective for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022. Currently, the Company does not
expect the IRA to have a material impact to the Company s financial statements. 

The
ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent on the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary
differences become deductible or when such net operating losses can be utilized. The Company considers projected future taxable income,
the regulatory environment of the industry, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. At present, the Company believes that
it is more likely than not that the benefits from certain deferred tax asset carryforwards, will not all be fully realized. In recognition
of this inherent risk, a valuation allowance was established for the partial value of the deferred tax asset, which principally related
to certain state net operating losses. A valuation allowance will be maintained until sufficient
positive evidence exists to support the reversal of the remainder of the valuation. 

The
valuation allowance for deferred tax assets decreased during the year ended June 30, 2023, by approximately .
The valuation allowance decreased by approximately 
 during
the year ended June 30, 2022. 

Components
of the provision (benefit) for income taxes are as follows: 

Subtotal 

Deferred: 

Federal
 deferred taxes 

State
 deferred taxes 

Subtotal 

Provision
 (Benefit) for Income Taxes - Net 

A
reconciliation of the federal statutory income tax rate to the Company s effective tax rate as reported is as follows: 

State
 and local income taxes (benefit), net of federal benefit 

Noncontrolling interest 

Expiration
 of tax credits 

Return
 to provision adjustments 

New
 York state audit settlement 

Change
 in the valuation allowance 

Other 

Effective
 income tax rate 

As
of June 30, 2023, the Company has net operating loss NOL carryforwards of approximately 9,110,000 that will be available
to offset future taxable income. The utilization of certain of the NOLs is limited by separate return limitation year rules pursuant
to Section 1502 of the Internal Revenue Code. 

The
Company has, for federal income tax purposes, research and development tax credits and investments tax credits carryforwards aggregating
 .
However, the realization of these credits may be limited as a result of expiring prior to their utilization. These credits can only be
applied after all net operating losses have been used, which expire through 2031. 

The
Company was also under audit with New York State for income tax and was assessed additional taxes of 
 plus
interest and penalties. These amounts were paid during fiscal year ending June 30, 2022. 

Significant
components of the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities at June 30, 2023 and 2022 are as follows: 

Non-deductible
 accruals 

Net
 operating carryforwards 

Tax
 credits 

Capitalized research and development 

Right of use assets and lease liabilities 

Inventories 

Property
 and equipment and depreciation 

Deferred
 Tax Assets - gross 

Valuation
 allowance 

Total
 deferred tax assets 

Property and equipment and depreciation 

Intangibles 

Total
 deferred tax liabilities 

Net
 deferred tax asset 

Sales
 tax payable 

State
 income taxes payable 

Legal
 and other professional fees 

Accounting
 fees 

Self-funded
 health insurance reserve 

Accrued
 interest and penalty 

Other 

Other
 current liabilities 

and ,
for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

The
Company received approval from the Suffolk County Industrial Development Agency on February 29, 2016 of a 
property tax abatement, valued at ,
over a 10 year period commencing January 2017. 

Employee
Benefit Plans 

The
Company has a non-contributory 401(k) Plan (the 401(k) Plan ). The 401(k) Plan covers all non-union employees who are at
least 21 years of age with no minimum service requirements. There were 
 and 
 employer
contributions to the Plan for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

The
stockholders of the Company approved the 2000 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP at the Company s annual stockholders 
meeting in April 2000. The ESPP provides for eligible employees to acquire common stock of the Company at a discount, not to exceed 15 .
This plan has not been put into effect as of June 30, 2023. 

Other
Matters 

The
Company is subject to other legal proceedings and claims arising from the ordinary course of its business, including personal injury,
customer contract and employment claims besides the claim above. In the opinion of management, and with consultation with legal counsel,
the aggregate liability, if any, with respect to such actions, will not have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial
position or results of operations of the Company. 

The
Company maintains a self-funded health insurance program with a stop-loss umbrella policy with a third-party insurer to limit the maximum
potential liability for individual claims to 
 per person
and for a maximum potential claim liability based on member enrollment. With respect to this program, the Company considers historical
and projected medical utilization data when estimating its health insurance program liability and related expense. As of June 30, 2023
and 2022, the Company had approximately 
 and ,
respectively, in reserve for its self-funded health insurance programs. The reserves are included in Other current liabilities 
in the consolidated balance sheets. 

The
Company regularly analyzes its reserves for incurred but not reported claims, and for reported but not paid claims related to its reinsurance
and self-funded insurance programs. The Company believes its reserves are adequate. However, significant judgment is involved in assessing
these reserves such as assessing historical paid claims, average lags between the claims incurred date, reported dates and paid
dates, and the frequency and severity of claims. There may be differences between actual settlement amounts and recorded reserves and
any resulting adjustments are included in expense once a probable amount is known. There were no significant adjustments recorded in
the years covered by this report. 

and 
 for interest,
respectively. 

During
the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 the Company paid 
 and 
 for income
taxes, respectively. 

During
the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company resolved certain sales tax liabilities and was able to reverse accrued interest and
penalties in the amount of 
 and ,
respectively, which has been recorded under selling, general and administrative expenses. 

Intersegment
 net revenues 

(Loss)
 Income from operations 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

Total
 identifiable assets 

Capital
 expenditures 

Fiscal
 2022: 

Net
 revenues from external customers 

Intersegment
 net revenues 

(Loss)
 Income from operations 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

Total
 identifiable assets 

Capital
 expenditures 

Export
Product Sales 

The
Company s areas of operations are principally in the United States. The Company had export sales of medical equipment amounting
to 
and 
of product sales revenues to third parties for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

The
foreign product sales, as a percentage of product sales to unrelated parties, were made to customers in the following countries: 

Canada 

Germany 

United
 Arab Emirates 

Puerto
 Rico 

Foreign
Service and Repair Fees 

The
Company s areas of service and repair are principally in the United States. The Company had foreign revenues of service and repair
of medical equipment amounting to 
and 
of consolidated net service and repair fees for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 respectively. Foreign service and repair fees,
as a percentage of total service and repair fees, were provided principally to the following countries: 

Foreign
Service Repair Fees 

Switzerland 

Germany 

England 

United
 Arab Emirates 

Dominican
 Republic 

Canada 

Greece 

Australia 

The
Company does not have any material assets outside of the United States. 

Management
 and other fees receivable 

Management
 and other fees receivable - related medical practices 

Notes
 receivable 

Balance 

Balance 
 
 Description 
 June
 30, 2021 
 Additions 
 Deductions 
 June
 30, 2022 
 
 Accounts
 receivable 

Management
 and other fees receivable 

Management
 and other fees receivable - related medical practices 

Notes
 receivable 

(1) 

During
August 2023 the Company amended their revolving credit agreement. The agreement was extended to November 15, 2023. The interest
rate on borrowings remains at 
along with certain financial covenants. 

As
of August 31, 2023, the Company repurchased 
 shares
at a cost of 
 which
was authorized under the stock repurchase plan adopted in September 2022. 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

There
have been no disagreements with our independent registered public accounting firm or other matters requiring disclosure under Regulation
S-K, Item 304(b). 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As
of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we performed an evaluation under the supervision of and with the
participation of management, including our Principal Executive Officer and our Acting Principal Financial Officer, of the design and
effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 as amended (the Exchange Act ). Based upon that evaluation, our Principal Executive Officer and Acting Principal
Financial Officer concluded, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report that our disclosure controls and procedures were
effective. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as is defined in the Exchange
Act. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our
management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal
Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO-2013). Based on this
evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective at June 30, 2023. 

Based
on the COSO criteria, management concluded that our internal controls were effective to prevent material misstatements of the Company s
annual or interim financial statements for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2023. 

Changes
in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the
most recent fiscal quarter and year ended June 30, 2023 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our
internal control over financial reporting. 

Page 81 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Item
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

Item
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

 None. 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS. 

Directors
serve from the date of their election until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors are elected and qualify.
During fiscal 2022, with the exception of Dr. Raymond V. Damadian, who did not receive any fees for serving as a director, each director
receives a base fee of 20,000 per annum for his or her service as a director, with greater amounts for additional services on the Board
of Directors. Officers serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors. 

A
majority of our board of directors is composed of independent directors: consisting of, Ronald G. Lehman, Richard E. Turk and Jessica
Maher. The outside directors also serve as the members of the audit committee, which is a standing committee of the board of directors
having a charter describing its responsibilities. 

We
have adopted a code of ethics applicable to, among other personnel, our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, controllers
and persons performing similar functions. The code is designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote: 1. honest and ethical conduct, including
the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships; 2. full, fair, accurate,
timely and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that we file or submit to the Securities and Exchange Commission and in
other public communications we make; 3. compliance with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations; 4. the prompt internal reporting
of violations of the code to an appropriate person or persons identified in the code and 5. accountability for adherence to the code.
We will provide a copy of the code to any person who requests a copy. A person may request a copy by writing to FONAR Corporation, 110
Marcus Drive, Melville, New York 11747, to the attention of the Legal Department or Investor Relations. 

Page 82 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

The
officers and directors of the Company are set forth below: 

Timothy
 R. Damadian 
 59 
 Chairman
 of the Board, President, 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Treasurer 
 
 Luciano
 B. Bonanni 
 68 
 Executive
 Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and 
 acting
 Principal Financial Officer 
 
 Claudette
 J.V. Chan 
 85 
 Director 
 
 Ronald
 J. Lehman 
 47 
 Director 
 
 Richard
 E. Turk 
 39 
 Director 
 
 Jessica
 Maher 
 26 
 Director 

Timothy
Damadian has been the Chairman of the Board and Treasurer of FONAR since September 7, 2022 and the President and Chief Executive Officer
of FONAR since February 11, 2016. From 2010 to 2016 he served as an independent consultant, with a focus on the Company s MRI facility
management business. Timothy Damadian began his career at FONAR in 1985, installing MRI scanners and components for FONAR customers.
Over the course of the following 16 years, he held positions of increasing authority, eventually becoming Vice President of Operations.
In 1997, Timothy Damadian was appointed President of the newly formed Health Management Corporation of America (HMCA), a wholly-owned
subsidiary of FONAR that was formed to manage medical and diagnostic imaging offices. In 2001, Timothy Damadian left FONAR to form Integrity
Healthcare Management, Inc., a diagnostic imaging management company that would eventually manage MRI scanning centers in New York and
Florida. The company was a success and was sold to Health Diagnostics, LLC in 2007. Mr. Damadian returned to FONAR as a consultant in
2010. He also serves as a Manager of Health Diagnostics Management, LLC, which are subsidiaries of HMCA. 

Luciano
B. Bonanni has served as Chief Operating Officer (COO) and Executive Vice President (EVP) for FONAR Corporation since June 27, 2016.
In September 2022, he was appointed to fill the position of acting Principal Financial Officer. Prior to his appointment as COO, Mr.
Bonanni had served the Company as Vice President since 1989, during which time he oversaw general operations, research and development,
manufacturing, service, sales, finance, accounting and regulatory compliance. Prior to 1989, Mr. Bonanni held the title of Vice President
of Production and Engineering from the time of FONAR s initial public offering in 1981. Mr. Bonanni joined the Company as an electrical
engineer in 1978. He holds a Bachelor of Electrical Engineering degree from Manhattan College. 

Claudette
J.V. Chan has been a Director of FONAR since October 1987 and Secretary of FONAR since January 2008. Mrs. Chan was employed from 1992
through 1997 by Raymond V. Damadian, M.D. MR Scanning Centers Management Company and since 1997 by HMCA, as site inspector, 
in which capacity she is responsible for supervising and implementing standard procedures and policies for MRI scanning centers. From
1989 to 1994 Mrs. Chan was employed by St. Matthew s and St. Timothy s Neighborhood Center, Inc., as the director of volunteers
in the Meals on Wheels program, a program which cares for the elderly. 

Page 83 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

From
approximately 1983 to 1989, Mrs. Chan was President of the Claudette Penot Collection, a retail mail-order business specializing in women s
apparel and gifts. Mrs. Chan practiced and taught in the field of nursing until 1973, when her son was born. She received a Bachelor
of Science degree in nursing from Cornell University in 1960. 

Ronald
G. Lehman has been a Director of FONAR since April, 2012, when he was unanimously appointed by the remaining four Directors to fill the
vacancy resulting from the death of former Director Robert Djerejian. From October, 2009 to the present, Mr. Lehman has served as Managing
Director of Investment Banking with Bruderman Brothers, LLC, a private New York-based broker-dealer registered with the Securities and
Exchange Commission and which is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) and the Securities Investor Protection
Corporation (SIPC). Mr. Lehman directly manages all facets of the firm s transaction processes, from deal origination, to sourcing
capital, to negotiating deal structures, through documentation and closing. The firm provides buy and sell-side advisory, capital raising,
and consulting services to lower middle-market companies. Mr. Lehman specializes in advising healthcare services companies and has recently
completed several recapitalizations in the industry. He also participates in the firm s merchant banking investments and oversees
many of these assignments. From May, 2008 to October, 2009, Mr. Lehman served as Senior Vice President of Acquisitions at Health Diagnostics,
LLC, where he managed the company s acquisition and corporate finance activities. From March, 2000 to May, 2008, Mr. Lehman worked
for various Bruderman entities as a buy and sell-side advisor and as a principal in several private equity transactions. From September,
1998 to March, 2000, Mr. Lehman worked at Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. and last held the position of Associate in their Global Custody
Group. Mr. Lehman graduated from Columbia University with a B.A. in 1998. 

Richard
E. Turk has been a Director of FONAR since June, 2020, when he was appointed to fill the vacancies on the Board of Directors and Audit
Committee of the Board of Directors resulting from the death of his predecessor, Robert J. Janoff. Mr. Turk is the Chief Financial Officer
of PRISM Vision Group, a private equity-backed, multi-location, outpatient comprehensive eye care practice headquartered in Union, New
Jersey. Mr. Turk joined PRISM in November, 2018 as the Chief Development Officer and became CFO in March 2021. Mr. Turk has helped PRISM
expand from a single-specialty (retina) provider with 17 locations and 21 physicians to a comprehensive, vertically-integrated, multi-specialty,
eye care organization with approximately 190 physicians and more than 90 locations across New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Virginia,
Washington, DC, and Maryland. Prior to his tenure at PRISM, Mr. Turk was employed by Professional Physical Therapy, a private equity-backed
outpatient physical and occupational therapy company headquartered in Uniondale, New Jersey with more than 180 locations across New York,
New Jersey, Connecticut, Massachusetts and New Hampshire. During his four years at Professional Physical Therapy, Mr. Turk sourced, analyzed,
and completed 32 acquisitions comprised of 116 clinics, expanding the company s services and adding three states. From 2007 to
2014, Mr. Turk was employed by Bruderman Brothers, a broker dealer involved in investment banking, merchant banking, investment advisory,
and consulting for lower middle market companies 10M- 250M of enterprise value) in a variety of industries, including healthcare. Mr.
Turk was Vice President of Bruderman Brothers from 2011 to 2014. Mr. Turk graduated from Columbia University in 2007. 

Page 84 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Jessica
Maher has been a Director of FONAR since March 2023, when she was appointed to fill the vacancies on the Board of Directors and Audit
Committee resulting from the resignation of her predecessor, John Collins. Mrs. Maher is a staff accountant at Ives Sultan, LLP
in Woodbury, New York, where she is responsible for preparing audited financial statements for various clients, overseeing audit testing
areas, audits of 401(k) plans, and personal and company tax returns. Mrs. Maher holds a Bachelor of Science in Accounting with a minor
in Accounting Information Systems, and a Master of Science in Accounting from Fairfield University in Fairfield, Connecticut. During
her early undergraduate years, Mrs. Maher worked for Tritech Healthcare Management in Melville, New York, where she reviewed patient
files, insurance, charts and documents to ensure that the services provided by clients were being properly billed. In her senior year,
Mrs. Maher interned at Northwell Health in Westbury, New York, where she supported the financial reporting team for two hospitals, reported
into accounts receivable software, and analyzed patient billing records to identify overpayments. Mrs. Maher s first position out
of college was with PriceWaterhouseCoopers in Melville, New York, where she was assigned to two private equity clients, was responsible
for a variety of the audit areas, and assisted managers in reviewing financial statements, footnote disclosures, and audit opinions. 

Board
 Diversity Matrix as of September 12, 2023 
 
 Total
 Number of Directors 
 5 

Part
 I: Gender Identity 
 Female 
 Male 
 
 Directors 
 2 
 3 
 
 Part
 II: Demographic Background 

White 
 2 
 3 

Board
 Diversity Matrix as of September 15, 2022 
 
 Total
 Number of Directors 

5 
 
 Part
 I: Gender Identity 
 Female 
 Male 
 Did
 not disclose gender 
 
 Directors 
 1 
 3 
 1 
 
 Part
 II: Demographic Background 
 
 White 
 1 
 3 

Did
 Not Disclose Demographic Background 1 
 
 Director
 with Disabilities 

1 

Page 85 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

With
the exception of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the compensation of the Company s executive
officers is based on a combination of salary and bonuses based on performance. The Chief Executive Officer and the Chairman of the Board
have no understandings with the Company with respect to bonuses, options or other incentives; they are not subject to our general policy
later discussed. 

The
Board of Directors does not have a compensation Committee. The Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Operating Officer participate in
the determination of compensation for the Company s management and other employees. 

The
Board of Directors has established an audit committee. The members of the committee are Ronald G. Lehman, Richard E. Turk and Jessica
Maher. 

Our
compensation policy includes a combination of salary, commissions, bonuses, stock bonuses and stock options, designed to incentivize
our employees. There is no universal plan applicable to all of our employees. The fixed and variable components of our employees 
compensation tend to be individualized, based on a combination of the employees performance, responsibilities and position, our
assessment of how best to motivate a person in such a position and the needs and preferences of the particular employees, as negotiated
between employees and their supervisors or management. 

 There
is set forth in the following Summary Compensation Table the compensation provided by us during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 to our Principal
Executive Officer, and our acting Principal Financial Officer. There is set forth in the following Outstanding Equity Awards Table and
Director Compensation Table the required information. 

I. SUMMARY
 COMPENSATION TABLE 

 (Reflects
information up to end of Fiscal 2023) 

Name
 and All Other Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 ) 
 Cash
 Bonuses ) 
 Stock
 Awards ) 
 Total
 Compensation ) 
 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 (d) 
 (e) 
 (f) 
 
 Timothy
 R. Damadian 
 2023 
 0 
 152,900 
 0 
 152,900 
 
 President,
 Principal 
 2022 
 0 
 305,800 
 0 
 305,800 
 
 Executive
 Officer 
 2021 
 0 
 155,800 
 0 
 155,800 

Raymond
 V. Damadian 
 2023 
 23,553 
 305,800 
 0 
 329,353 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board, 
 2022 
 153,095 
 305,800 
 0 
 458,895 
 
 Treasurer
 and 
 2021 
 153,095 
 305,800 
 0 
 458,895 
 
 Principal
 Financial Officer 

Luciano
 Bonanni 
 2023 
 143,416 
 305,800 
 0 
 449,216 
 
 Chief
 Operating Officer and 
 2022 
 148,572 
 305,800 
 0 
 454,372 
 
 Executive
 Vice President 
 2021 
 146,496 
 0 
 152,931 
 298,969 

Page 86 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

II. OUTSTANDING
 EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END 

Name 
 Number
 Of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Option
 Exercise Price ) 
 Option Exercise
 Expiration Date 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Raymond
 V. Damadian, Chairman of the Board, Treasurer and Principal Financial Officer 
 0 
 0 
 N/A 
 
 Timothy
 R. Damadian, President and Principal Executive Officer 
 0 
 0 
 N/A 
 
 Luciano
 Bonanni, Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President and acting Principal Financial Officer 
 0 
 0 
 N/A 

III DIRECTOR
 COMPENSATION 

The
following table shows the compensation paid to the Directors for fiscal 2023: 

Name 
 Fees
 earned in pad in cash ) 
 Stock
 awards ) 
 Option
 awards ) 
 Non-equity
 incentive plan compen- sation 
 Nonqualified
 deferred compen- sation earnings ) 
 All
 other compen- sation ) 
 Total
 ) 
 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 (d) 
 (e) 
 (f) 
 (g) 
 (h) 
 
 A.
 Claudette J.V. Chan 
 20,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 38,880 
 58,880 
 
 B.
 Ronald G. Lehman 
 20,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 60,000 
 80,000 
 
 C.
 Richard E. Turk 
 20,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 15,000 
 35,000 
 
 D.
 Jessica Maher 
 9,423 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 9,423 
 
 E.
 John Collins 
 15,384 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 44,038 
 59,423 

EMPLOYEE
COMPENSATION PLANS 

FONAR
adopted its 2010 Stock Bonus Plan, on June 28, 2010. This Plan permits FONAR to issue an aggregate of 2,000,000 shares of common stock
of FONAR as bonus or compensation. As of June 30, 2023, 450,177 shares were available for issuance. 

Page 87 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT. 

The
following table sets forth the number and percentage of shares of FONAR s securities held by each director, by each person known
by us to own in excess of five percent of FONAR s voting securities and by all officers and directors as a group as of September
1, 2023. 

Name
 and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Shares
 Beneficially Owned 
 Percent 
 of 
 Class 

Timothy
 R. Damadian, as trustee of the Fonar Class C Trust 

c/o
 FONAR Corporation, Melville, New York 

Class
 C Stock 
 382,447 
 99.98 

Kayne
 Anderson Rudnick 

Investment
 Management LLC 

1800
 Avenue of the Stars, 2nd Floor 

Los
 Angeles, CA 90067 

Common
 Stock 
 628,700 
 9.75 

Dimensional
 Fund Advisors LP 

Building
 One 

6300
 Bee Cave Road 

Austin,
 Texas 78746 

Common
 Stock 
 409,855 
 6.35 

The
 Vanguard Group, Inc. 

100
 Vanguard Boulevard 

Malvern,
 PA 19355-2331 

Common
 Stock 
 373,859 
 5.80 

Timothy
 R. Damadian, 

Chairman
 of the Board, President 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Treasurer 

Common
 Stock 
 42,700 

Class
 A Preferred 
 800 

Page 88 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Continued: 

Name
 and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Shares
 Beneficially Owned 
 Percent 
 of 
 Class 
 
 Luciano
 B. Bonanni, 

Executive
 Vice President, 

Chief
 Operating Officer and acting Principal Financial Officer 

Common
 Stock 
 54,253 

Class
 A Preferred 
 1,285 

Claudette
 Chan 

Director
 and Secretary 

Common
 Stock 
 106 

Class
 A Preferred 
 32 

Ronald
 G. Lehman 

Director 

Common
 Stock 
 4,330 

Richard
 E. Turk 

Director 

Common
 Stock 
 0 

Jessica
 Maher 

Director 

Common
 Stock 
 0 

All
 Officers and Directors as a Group (6 persons) 

Common
 Stock 
 101,389 (3) 
 1.50 
 
 Class
 C Stock 
 382,447 
 99.98 
 
 Class
 A Preferred 
 2,117 

Less than one percent 

1.
Address provided for each beneficial owner owning more than five percent of the voting securities of FONAR. 

Page 89 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Pursuant
to HMCA s management agreements with its clients, HMCA provides comprehensive non-medical management and administrative services,
including billing and collection of accounts, payroll and accounts payable processing, office facilities, supplies and utilities. Under
the management agreements, HMCA also provides service for the FONAR Upright MRI scanners through FONAR. In total, as of September
11, 2023, 22 of our clients had management agreements with HMCA. Six sites in Florida are owned and operated directly by HMCA subsidiaries. 

The
fees charged under the management agreements are flat fees charged on a monthly basis. These fees ranged from 84,000 to 447,000 per
month in fiscal 2023. 

Timothy
Damadian, the Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and Treasurer of the Company during the 2023 fiscal year owned
three of the imaging facilities in Florida managed by HMCA. The facilities were owned by Dr. Raymond Damadian until his death in August
2022. Those facilities paid HMCA flat rate monthly fees ranging from 245,535 to 411,589 per month during fiscal 2023. These fees are
renegotiable on an annual basis. 

During
the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, the net revenues received by HMCA from the imaging facilities owned by Timothy
Damadian and previously by Dr. Damadian were approximately 11.9 million, and 11.6 million, respectively. 

Timothy
Damadian, the Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and Treasurer of FONAR, was one of the owners of a billing company
that performed billing and collection services for No-Fault and Workers Compensation claims on behalf of HMCA s clients.
The monthly fee charged to HMCA was 85,000. These services were terminated on January 1, 2021. 

On
June 1, 2017, the Company also entered into a one year renewable agreement to provide IT services to the billing company for a monthly
fee of 23,884. Timothy Damadian is also a Manager of Health Management Company of America. The agreement was renewed on June 1, 2022
and terminated on May 31, 2023, The Company billed them 191,072 in the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 and 286,608 in the fiscal year
ended June 30, 2022. 

Timothy
Damadian sold his ownership interest in the billing company on May 31, 2023. 

Ronald
Lehman, a Director of FONAR, holds a .0378 interest in Health Management Company of America s Class A membership interests. 

Claudette
J.V. Chan, a Director and the Secretary of FONAR, owns a .0378 interest in Health Management Company of America s Class A Membership
interests. 

Page 90 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

Audit
Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed by Marcum LLP for the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended June 30,
2023 and the reviews of the financial statements included in our Forms 10-Q for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 were 374,000. 

The
aggregate fees billed by Marcum LLP for the audit of our annual financial statements for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022 and the
reviews of the financial statements included in our Forms 10-Q for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022 were 379,000. 

Audit
Related Fees 

No
fees were billed by Marcum LLP for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 or June 30, 2022 for services related to the Audit or review
of our financial statements that are not included under the caption Audit Fees . 

No
fees were billed by Marcum LLP for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 or June 30, 2022 for designing, operating, supervising or implementing
any of our financial information systems or any hardware or software systems for our financial information 

Tax
Fees 

No
fees were billed by Marcum LLP for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning in the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. 

No
fees billed by Marcum LLP for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning in the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. 

All
Other Fees 

No
fees were billed by Marcum LLP for any other services during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022. 

Since
January 1, 2003, the audit committee has adopted policies and procedures for pre-approving all non-audit work performed by the auditors.
Specifically, the committee must pre-approve the use of the auditors for all such services. The audit committee has pre-approved all
non-audit work since that time and in making its determination has considered whether the provision of such services was compatible with
the independence of the auditors. 

Our
audit committee believes that the provision by Marcum LLP of services in addition to audit services in previous years were compatible
with maintaining their independence. 

Page 91 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K. 

a)
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES 

The
following consolidated financial statements are included in Part II, Item 8. 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Consolidated
Balance Sheets as at June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

Consolidated
Statements of Income for the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

Consolidated
Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 . 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Information
required by schedules called for under Regulation S-X is either not applicable or is included in the consolidated financial statements
or notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

b)
 REPORTS ON FORM 8-K 

1. Registrant's Report on Form 8-K: Item 2.02, Results of Operations and Financial Condition for Fiscal Year ended June 30, 2022, reported September 27, 2022. Commission File No. 0-10248. 

2. Registrants Report on Form 8-K: Item 5.02, Departure of Directors or Certain Officers, reported March 20, 2023. Commission File No. 0-10248. 

 3. Registrants Report on Form 8-K: Item 5.07, Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders, at the annual meeting of stockholders, reported on May 22, 2023. Commission File No. 0-10248. 

c) EXHIBITS 

3.1
Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, of the Registrant incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s registration
statement on Form S-1,Commission File No. 33-13365. 

3.2
Article Fourth of the Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, of the Registrant incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s
registration statement on Form S-8, Commission File No. 33-62099. 

3.3
Section A of Article Fourth of the Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, of the Registrant incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3
to the Registrant s registration statement on Form S-3, Commission File No. 333-63782. 

Page 92 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

3.4
Section A of Article Fourth of the Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, of the Registrant incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3
of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2003, Commission File No. 0-10248. 

3.5
By-Laws, as amended, of the Registrant incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s registration statement on Form
S-1, Commission File No. 33-13365. 

4.1
Specimen Common Stock Certificate incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s registration statement on Form S-1,
Commission File No. 33-13365. 

4.2
Specimen Class B Common Stock Certificate incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s registration statement on
Form S-1, Commission File No. 33-13365. 

10.1
License Agreement between the Registrant and Raymond V. Damadian incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 (e) to Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended June 30, 1983, Commission File No. 0-10248. 

10.2
Stock Purchase Agreement, dated July 31, 1997, by and between U.S. Health Management Corporation, Raymond V. Damadian, M.D. MR Scanning
Centers Management Company and Raymond V. Damadian, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, July
31, 1997, commission File No: 0-10248. 

10.3
Merger Agreement and Supplemental Agreement dated June 17, 1997 and Letter of Amendment dated June 27, 1997 by and among U.S. Health
Management Corporation and Affordable Diagnostics Inc. et al., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s 8-K,
June 30, 1997, Commission File No: 0-10248. 

10.4
Stock Purchase Agreement dated March 20, 1998 by and among Health Management Corporation of America, Fonar Corporation, Giovanni Marciano,
Glenn Muraca et al., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s 8-K, March 20, 1998, Commission File No: 0-10248. 

10.5
Stock Purchase Agreement dated August 20, 1998 by and among Health Management Corporation of America, Fonar Corporation, Stuart Blumberg
and Steven Jonas, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2 to the Registrant s 8-K, September 3, 1998, Commission File No. 0-10248. 

10.6
2002 Incentive Stock Option Plan incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant s registration statement on Form S-8,
Commission File No.: 333-96557. 

10.7
Asset Purchase Agreement dated July 28, 2005 among Health Plus Management Services, L.L.C., Health Management Corporation of America,
Dynamic Healthcare Management, Inc. and Fonar Corporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2 to the Registrant s Form 8-K,
August 2, 2005, Commission File No. 0-10248. 

10.8
Partnership Interest Purchase Agreement dated September 29, 2008 by and between Diagnostic Management, LLC and Raymond V. Damadian, M.D.
MR Scanning Centers Management Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2008.
Commission File No. 0-10248. 

Page 93 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

10.9
2010 Stock Bonus Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant s registration statement on Form S-8, Commission
File No. 333-168771. 

10.10
Operating Agreement for Imperial Management Services, LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended June 30, 2011. Commission File No. 0-10248. 

10.11
Operating Agreement for Health Diagnostics Management, LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended June 30, 2013. Commission File No. 0-10248. 

10.12
Modification to Operating Agreement for Health Diagnostics Management, LLC., See Exhibits. incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38
to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2013. Commission File No. 0-10248. 

10.13
Purchase Agreement dated March 5, 2013 among Health Diagnostics Management, LLC, Health Diagnostics, LLC and others. Incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed March 11, 2013. Commission File No. 0-10248. 

14.1
Code of Ethics, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 of Registrant s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2004, Commission
File No.: 0-10248. 

21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. See Exhibits. 

23.1 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms Report. See Exhibits. 

31.1 Section 302 Certification. See Exhibits. 

32.1 Section 906 Certification. See Exhibits. 

Page 94 

FONAR
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

SIGNATURES. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be
signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

FONAR
 CORPORATION 

Dated:
 September 28, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/Timothy
 Damadian 

Timothy
 Damadian, 

Chairman
 of the Board of Directors 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

President
 and Treasurer 

By 
 /s/Luciano
 B. Bonanni 

Luciano
 B. Bonanni 

Executive
 Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Acting Principal Financial Officer 

Signature 
 Title 
 Date 

/s/
 Timothy R. Damadian 
 Chairman
 of the Board of Directors 
 September
 28, 2023 
 
 Timothy
 R. Damadian 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

President
 and Treasurer 

/s/Claudette
 J.V. Chan 
 Director 
 September
 28, 2023 
 
 Claudette
 J.V. Chan 

/s/Ronald
 G. Lehman 
 Director 
 September
 28, 2023 
 
 Ronald
 G. Lehman 

/s/Richard
 E. Turk 
 Director 
 September
 28, 2023 
 
 Richard
 E. Turk 

/s/Jessica
 Maher 
 Director 
 September
 28, 2023 
 
 Jessica
 Maher 

Page 95 

<EX-21.1>
 4
 fonar_exhibit-21.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Exhibit 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

Imperial Management
Services, LLC (New York) 

 Health Diagnostic
Management, LLC d/b/a Health Management Company of America (New York) 

 Health Management
Corporation of America (Delaware) 

 Fair Haven Services,
Inc. (New York) 

 HMCM, Inc. (New York) 

 Raymond V. Damadian,
M.D. MR Scanning Center Management Company (Delaware) 

 Dynamic Services,
Inc. (New York) 

 Central Health Care
Management Company, Inc. (Delaware) 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 fonar_exhibit-23.htm
 INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRMS REPORT

Exhibit 23.1 

 Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm s Consent 

Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the
Registration Statement of FONAR Corporation and Subsidiaries on Form S-8 File No. 333-168771 of our report dated September 28, 2023, with
respect to our audits of the consolidated financial statements of FONAR Corporation and Subsidiaries as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 and
for the two years ended June 30, 2023, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of FONAR Corporation and Subsidiaries
for the year ended June 30, 2023. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

Marcum llp 

 New York, New York 

 September 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31>
 6
 fonar_exhibit-31.htm
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Timothy R. Damadian certify that: 

and 

I, Luciano Bonanni, certify that: 

1.I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of
Fonar Corporation; 

2.Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; and 

3.Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information, included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report. 

4.I am responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financialreporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(f)for the registrant and I have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material
weakness in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that
involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: September 28, 2023 

/s/ Timothy R. Damadian 

 Timothy R. Damadian, 

 President and Principal Executive
Officer 

/s/ Luciano Bonanni 

 Luciano Bonanni, 

 Executive Vice President, COO and 

 Acting Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 fonar_exhibit-32.htm
 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Fonar Corporation
and Subsidiaries (the Company on Form 10K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Timothy Damadian, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and
I, Luciano Bonanni, Executive Vice President, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of
section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Timothy R. Damadian 

 Timothy R. Damadian, 

 President and Principal Executive
Officer 

/s/ Luciano Bonanni 

 Luciano Bonanni, 

 Executive Vice President, COO and 

 Acting Principal Financial Officer 

Date:September 28, 2023 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to Fonar Corporation and will be retained by Fonar Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 fonr-20230630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 fonr-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 fonr-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 fonr-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

